---\ntitle: "07 Apartment Vlore"\ndescription: "07 Apartment Vlore emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Vlorë, a mere stone's throw from the pristine Beach at Government Villas and the inviting sands of Liro Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477276448.jpg?k=f3cbed48550c33e590e813629d3d22a28ebe96797675101a61eee6047794a5a3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 07-apartment-vlore\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu Apartamenti 207, kati i 2, Diamond Hill Resort & SPA, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41582724\n  lng: 19.48565422\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477276448.jpg?k=f3cbed48550c33e590e813629d3d22a28ebe96797675101a61eee6047794a5a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477277020.jpg?k=7fe8448b50c59294e8b22f7a339fd116386c11ab70a669088ff5cd1590256f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373275444.jpg?k=2ce6ba5ace4f013f6b9b2cebca78c3199af27ee3a25f45f7d3394268ca49bd9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477276071.jpg?k=f29cd11dd4e4298590b234c9f6e81afcec48b24e310c0b8b8f236900a03e5cff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477277109.jpg?k=4ce6093e5c5c323240b1091aa40c208b1a77e1f4834aa30a02265478ff04928f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467259814.jpg?k=0c406dc2030fbc67e6caaef4c27b36dbed3987c039c188eac5de5984e1492ede&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373275448.jpg?k=b83842858e3cd33c1653854b088316839478cac783fc6707f4ea603d3c43a616&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477277318.jpg?k=b432bb8520b07c075dbeaf17e7d09bd6da1aad36a376eab7aa0c73797e1067c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477276649.jpg?k=6616bde74b912909912f7ac3b7aeea1be00151bb85cf759b0ded923b53d6b137&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla E Jonit 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Djepi 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 200 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 400 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Romina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The accommodation was excellent, the facilities were all new, it was easily accessible and very quiet. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff very welcoming. Totally would recommend it. 10 out of 10.”"\n  - name: "Денисюк"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Апартаменти розташовані в чудовому готелі, є безкоштовний підземний паркінг.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/joyfull-home-diamond-hill.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of domestic bliss, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms that promise restful nights. The living room, with its plush seating and flat-screen TV, serves as the perfect backdrop for unwinding after a day of exploration. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the fully equipped kitchen, complete with modern appliances such as a toaster and a fridge, ensuring that meals can be prepared with ease. Additionally, the inclusion of slippers adds a thoughtful touch to the bathroom amenities, enhancing the overall guest experience in this non-smoking accommodation.

For those with little ones in tow, the property doesn't disappoint. A vibrant children's playground on-site guarantees hours of fun and laughter, making it a hit with families. Moreover, the convenience of having a minimarket within the apartment complex cannot be overstated, providing guests with easy access to essentials and snacks.

Situated just a short drive from the lively Coco Bongo Beach and the tranquil Sunny Beach, 07 Apartment Vlore serves as an ideal base for beach lovers and sun seekers alike. For travelers venturing from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 156 km away, making the apartment a feasible choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In essence, 07 Apartment Vlore offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of Vlorë. Whether it's the allure of nearby beaches, the promise of modern amenities, or the charm of a garden view that appeals, this apartment is poised to deliver an unforgettable stay.