---\ntitle: "090 Apartments"\ndescription: "090 Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529861.jpg?k=b23508baede8345fa5970198ea5b76e817279dfb6ddbd4031b3753805753e85d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 090-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Marie Kraja, 1002 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34146165\n  lng: 19.8454746\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 79\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529861.jpg?k=b23508baede8345fa5970198ea5b76e817279dfb6ddbd4031b3753805753e85d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529868.jpg?k=ad4b42bef3181cf00906508c4161a157ce56d27a25e1cf30fef5f5d4b2a4483a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529872.jpg?k=4d6aa06b26d1edfc243dfe803c02d34aca8324f12162ab6e08a330a37f5097ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529869.jpg?k=f8c594263cd0304488d60ab1fc2d6381b69278b63333bc34d517fd61484945e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529867.jpg?k=ffa95d1ae91560b01a0b3cf9396cd0c27e99500d098d9d4c7a92f51813d0d6bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529878.jpg?k=66e41b9dd1dc60f7201da094b69140f03655e1eee8dd3667a40493ac0b057eee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529876.jpg?k=73764bfc3b74095f198cde95f3e2ca983b20b4a1ed4c81e3eb37f475a6ddd8a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529877.jpg?k=fdbdc064a333a4848ef15e1fe66d21bdc979965536f638cddd29f96b52f1b221&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529865.jpg?k=81593c2bd8b56902457be956c59f202eda651c7af84529d012a27e9fa6314073&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529870.jpg?k=37e8038a8d0aad0555e42cc894ffa97e947ab010e378fde79f1119da0514ed37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334529875.jpg?k=c67d83c96de1b8fd2c38fb2dd5c9756b22d2611eb4c3fca579a0dc350ab65b34&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amirsky Tirana 40 m"\n  - "Zgara Korçare 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Igli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Even thought i arrived couple of hours late the check in desk was waiting for us and it was so easy to get the keys.”"\n  - name: "Zmijanej"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was very nice , new apartment and everything was clean”"\n  - name: "Jonny"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment. Close to main street and a shopping center too. The host is a great guy. He kept the room for me even though i checked in around 01:00 am the next day, and he came to handover me the key. Highly recommended”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/090-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at 090 Apartments are greeted with a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The highlight is undoubtedly the spacious apartment, which features a bedroom equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services for entertainment at any time. The fully equipped kitchen, boasting a microwave, toaster, washing machine, and an array of kitchenware, invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like.

The view from the property is nothing short of breathtaking, offering picturesque mountain landscapes that promise to captivate. For convenience, a minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always within reach.

For those traveling with children, the outdoor play equipment presents a perfect opportunity for little ones to enjoy themselves, while adults can find solace and relaxation in the serene garden. The addition of an outdoor fireplace adds a touch of warmth and ambiance, making evenings at 090 Apartments truly memorable.

Situated just a short distance from notable attractions, the property is 1.8 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an easy gateway to adventure. Skanderbeg Square, a hub of cultural and historical significance, is only 3.8 km away. For guests arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, is a thoughtful touch.

With its 24-hour front desk ready to assist and the option of private parking, 090 Apartments ensures a hassle-free experience from arrival to departure. This property doesn’t just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home in the vibrant city of Tirana.