---\ntitle: "1-bedroom rental unit in Tirane"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban living in Tirana with the 1-bedroom rental unit in Tirane, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947790.jpg?k=dc391aba021ce71f7390f8d4eda4515d56dec88e8b403405d1f9ad4e10a22206&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 1-bedroom-rental-unit-in-tirane\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandri i Madh, Kompleksi Molla, seksioni 1, shkalla 2, apartamenti 13, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32851515\n  lng: 19.77969867\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947790.jpg?k=dc391aba021ce71f7390f8d4eda4515d56dec88e8b403405d1f9ad4e10a22206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947694.jpg?k=91ad0e7fca0e49fe4d64d9d5a0b6ccd1ac1689e113c1ebc74b35fb18c2811b7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947688.jpg?k=c1ac3804775598b813d46e2890faecc0c81a3b6703ece0c45d009620a1769bff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947795.jpg?k=866eaa1f80a8e7471f0b48941749a6b918b905e3db6b19602dcc1718ae8be1c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947697.jpg?k=ff37f0561027db1ce66703d7f43fffa864fd1ed729fa44065964202711c8e29a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411949274.jpg?k=d2841fc6cae0ec817cb6c69bc6e99feebd433814d4b8c4846aebc3d39340c152&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947695.jpg?k=ab8fcafff100e94408e1421a30e8e80d35c83445b6c9d28c2d378bbad5ce212b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947687.jpg?k=51ae1b654e25c6d2702b67b587b5c57a29d00eb38541595d5133aa092a5fed2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411947693.jpg?k=644bea290a66b58eea91618022c5d4340399100cbee55860ccba477ec283a961&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maniaket E Embelsires 50 m"\n  - "2 Palmat 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 350 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Theodor"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It’s always a pleasure staying here. Everything was perfect!”"\n  - name: "Theodhor"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property was very clean, comfortable and had everything you need. You will feel like home. The check in was very easy. Very polite people. Totally recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-rental-unit-in-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property is equipped with modern amenities, including a lift for easy access, and prioritizes guest privacy with its private check-in and check-out services. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. The apartment is strategically located, with the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just 5.8 km away and the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje 41 km from the doorstep.

Inside, the apartment is a haven of space and light, featuring a well-appointed living room that seamlessly blends with an equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, and the convenience of a walk-in shower in the bathroom adds to the comfort of the stay. The addition of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to privacy.

For those keen to explore, Skanderbeg Square is a mere 4.8 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history, while the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 9.2 km from the apartment, provides an adventure for those looking to experience Tirana from above. The nearest gateway, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 12 km away, making the 1-bedroom rental unit in Tirane an ideal base for both short-term visits and longer stays in this dynamic city.