---\ntitle: "1 Bedroom Apartment with Fast Internet and Sea View Balcony in Durres"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës from the comfort of a modern 1 Bedroom Apartment, boasting fast internet and a balcony with stunning sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238236116.jpg?k=5431487cdea1372ac5ee9bf9159a1d4b9396fa376478a906246a9afd782304d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 1-bedroom-apartment-with-fast-internet-and-sea-view-balcony-in-durres\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.313921\n  lng: 19.475681\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238236116.jpg?k=5431487cdea1372ac5ee9bf9159a1d4b9396fa376478a906246a9afd782304d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008540.jpg?k=7e14a7c9b8b2ab749a13999d6402eace1cd9963a504c4378833715fc13c3b7cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008406.jpg?k=ad8bf24dcdc538df8caf0a6a0539d87e76c37ba34391fb01ddd3ad8d220cc211&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008435.jpg?k=9b097b83ea158484a82b5992071946a1ec4ceb7ce3a4adc3a2f58e3245c392b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008413.jpg?k=f1ef0d351cc9d4faac29761602406e69d820720fc2fc39e300f8a8cc6947c6be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464773439.jpg?k=c2c52e27f779148355550cb102803b305430b625d0972d3be90d577a4cb59708&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008515.jpg?k=deea389516dd94a809e83a6068b48f47aec6d3693eb4068d7abadcd24fa4d49e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008386.jpg?k=3dc1e7774418f146fc7170e75719b3d81fdeddfd129765c0d28cdd27291282d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277008472.jpg?k=1f62e5ec65dceb1db0d6922a0cb09eebe421360082355608486f635810709031&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cameria 40 m"\n  - "Wine IF12 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tihomir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Very nice view, clean, near a beach, around is bakary , cheap restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Mary"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely home, great location, and the family are lovely and could not do enough for you, I personally would have loved to see more of your own great artwork. You are surrounded by a mix of both local homes and hotels. I went out of season so...”"\n  - name: "Izzati"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Comfortable, have a nice sea view, and have dominones”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-at-durres-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment is designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days and a host of amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests can enjoy the ease of free WiFi and the option of airport transfers, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is readily available.

Accommodation here means waking up to breathtaking sea vistas from a private balcony, then spending the day exploring or simply relaxing in a space that feels like home. The apartment includes a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a kitchen equipped with a microwave and fridge for self-catering convenience. The bathroom features a walk-in shower, and guests are provided with towels and bed linen, emphasizing the apartment's attention to comfort and detail. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay.

For those who love the outdoors, the apartment's location offers a plethora of activities, with fishing being a popular choice among guests. Further afield, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car presents an adventure 41 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 7.5 km from the doorstep, inviting exploration.

Situated 31 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, this apartment is not just a place to stay but a gateway to the rich experiences and natural beauty of Durrës. Whether it's for a short getaway or a longer retreat, this 1 Bedroom Apartment with Fast Internet and Sea View Balcony in Durres stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort, convenience, and unforgettable views.