---\ntitle: "1-Stunning Sea View Apartments!"\ndescription: "1-Stunning Sea View Apartments!"\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469467842.jpg?k=0d7acf5de913b9d3da2b7c91d7ab3a2194ebab101710de509275a060667e51d9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 1-stunning-sea-view-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86600805\n  lng: 20.01630603\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469467842.jpg?k=0d7acf5de913b9d3da2b7c91d7ab3a2194ebab101710de509275a060667e51d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471370337.jpg?k=a1979d9d2a3978795fcd71d5a1335b966a128006c358fe792af299e7175928d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471370231.jpg?k=5b8cf7ce16cc19104950bebcf3968f72fb360fc1e2faebadb6ad3c16a55c606b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462075831.jpg?k=e993b23888fef048f918dba828c6ac4503445564dfe8d7d1e46695f53ee23df4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467519333.jpg?k=8e19cdc8394a409fbbadc9295b84f1585aa8e544d8d71a2354f792401f5c1d7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471371097.jpg?k=0a9401912f51e1a7fd85c0805fe3f53a5d92f6cedb046ce09ffc97650fdaaac2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arjas Fish Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Cimi Gjakova, Pizzeria Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 40 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 250 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 650 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 850 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stella"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful sea view from the balcony!
The host was very helpful, flat was very clean and evrything new.
The flat was in good location and we didn’t need the car to go to restaurant or walk to the beach.
We really enjoyed our stay and the host...”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Our stay was great! Great communication and a great apartment!
The view is awesome, the kitchen has everything you need. Fridge including freezer compartment, pots, pans, dishes - everything is there.
Parking spaces are either private at the house...”"\n  - name: "Anxheli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Xjuljano was an excellent hoyst - he even
picked us up from the ferry. He was very
helpful and very generous with his time. A very
friendly and wonderful host. The apartment is
just amazing - the most fantastic views over
the sea with access to a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-stunning-sea-view-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at this beachfront gem are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces complete with a wardrobe, kettle, oven, toaster, and a safety deposit box for personal valuables. Entertainment is readily available via a flat-screen TV, and the inclusion of a terrace invites guests to relax and take in the serene surroundings. Private bathrooms come equipped with a bidet, adding a touch of luxury to the everyday routine.

The heart of each apartment is its dining area and fully equipped kitchen, where guests can find a fridge and stovetop among other essentials, making self-catering a breeze. Attention to detail is evident with the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Situated conveniently close to La Petite Beach, just 300 meters away, and Saranda City Beach, a short 700-meter stroll, the location of 1-Stunning Sea View Apartments! allows for easy exploration of the area's coastal delights. For those looking to venture further, Ioannina Airport is within a 96 km reach, making this property an excellent base for both local and international travelers.