---\ntitle: "107 Dreams"\ndescription: "107 Dreams emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Tirana, strategically positioned to offer guests both the tranquility of quiet streets and the convenience of being just moments away from the city's most iconic attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459425603.jpg?k=ee902fce41539a0b3ea3a4d3b202cd04727cfbc3fb2329c630a5d7610c7abf2c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 107-dreams\naddress: "Rruga Petrela, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34585871\n  lng: 19.81028394\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459425603.jpg?k=ee902fce41539a0b3ea3a4d3b202cd04727cfbc3fb2329c630a5d7610c7abf2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459424705.jpg?k=b8ac510c21d8d5830e894b7ec32289c2859b77fb8482628845b9a7c7f91ac5c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469707772.jpg?k=4c0f9dcdcbe7a8f9c40d0a2017ee227a09eb15fda72972cb90a7fe46c0964c87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490791802.jpg?k=2fcb65a2e7befeb9b34d72df4ace13cab675056e1103e625571bf288b636e5f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494730677.jpg?k=096f7938943f7cbca9b34e0df311a2afbd317191fbb5fc0c22ae0855a543ff08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494730545.jpg?k=f70a01446fb4f84b4d1495201e0c4d0e8dfe167ec3b8d9a4940572787e3a48e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Small Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Large Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lokal Dasmash Kompleksi Asllan Lala 300 m"\n  - "Bar Cafe te Arra 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kleant"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Communication is exceptionally good and they are available at any time.”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The owners picked me up from skanderberg square when I arrived from the airport and both of them were so attentive and welcoming ❤️ I was the only one staying at the time but I’d be surprised if this place doesn’t get a tourism boom next year! It’s...”"\n  - name: "Nuri"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The owner was very kind and helpful. The apartment has a private parking if you have a car. It is inside a brand new building, with modern equipment. It was sparkling clean. It had a window with a beautiful view of the northern part of the city.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/107-dreams.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at 107 Dreams is a testament to comfort and modernity, equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV with cable channels. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. Complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, with select rooms further benefiting from the addition of a balcony. The attention to detail extends to the provision of quality bed linen and towels, underscoring the establishment's commitment to guest comfort.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the immediate surroundings, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 42 km, offering a unique natural escape. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Museum of History Albania, located just 2.3 km away. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a short 12 km drive, facilitating stress-free arrivals and departures.

107 Dreams stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and attentive hospitality in the heart of Albania's bustling capital.