---\ntitle: "11 Steps' Lovely Studio in the center"\ndescription: "11 Steps' Lovely Studio emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190537.jpg?k=bea4f7468debec4f81759a4aa424177a4fd3c5f6e117d27139db22340202b5cb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 11-steps-lovely-studio-in-the-center\naddress: "Rruga Ded Gjo Luli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32948723\n  lng: 19.81577662\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 122\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190537.jpg?k=bea4f7468debec4f81759a4aa424177a4fd3c5f6e117d27139db22340202b5cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190990.jpg?k=de56940f3d6cd5339274734c774a80af3997519ed4cfb66c73d769e2bd90cee9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412191232.jpg?k=dda46a3ff59f06b9eb0fecbe333540d145f3c15f2ac916e0b1e2832cd347f675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190890.jpg?k=2588cb09e1fe419f643efd3c835580901d8e9085180e0ea46c2a7e11dde5833d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412189737.jpg?k=72a2a1068e09589666a33636646672225036f5a91989b7cf9397dbea6912d595&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408216223.jpg?k=a28a2417a64faf3984566a31fc9421f86112575dd642f2ea31d9f8935f31475e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190571.jpg?k=72bc7dd14353bef38fc1f16e7be9a578f15be3d89ad07004bd6a28dce8645fc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412191265.jpg?k=55ede66e62042a945f60bbc2a257cf2b600fb52647dee42d60eb71afbead8254&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412190461.jpg?k=fc00cc9031698d298034834fa4850fc649ae428fc5cb47d7063c6cd0e732643a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tfc Tirana Fried Chicken 2 m"\n  - "Verde e Rosso 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The studio is new, clean, pretty and spacious. Bed comfortable and working WiFi. The location is perfect, in the centre of Tirana, near a supermarket. Host replies very quickly, so communication is fast and easy :) we really enjoyed it!”"\n  - name: "Nevena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean, the bed very comfortable with very soft bed sheets.
The staff was very friendly and the communication with the host was wonderful.
The location is in the heart of Tirana city centre. Around you can find everything you...”"\n  - name: "Arbies"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Staff we're really polite. Good value for the money at the moment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-studioin-the-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on offering top-notch amenities, including a 24-hour front desk, an ATM on-site, and the convenience of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For guests looking to explore the area at their own pace, the studio facilitates both airport transfers and car rental services, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Accommodation at 11 Steps' Lovely Studio is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The apartment features a cozy bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and air conditioning to ensure a pleasant environment regardless of the weather. Emphasizing a healthy living space, the studio is strictly non-smoking.

For those who prefer to dine in or need essentials during their stay, a minimarket on the premises offers convenience. Additionally, the studio's proximity to a variety of dining options caters to all tastes and preferences.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the studio's location near several of Tirana's notable attractions, including the House of Leaves, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, 11 Steps' Lovely Studio stands out as an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.