---\ntitle: "140m2 Top FloorCentral Loft 24hr Self Check-in"\ndescription: "140m2 Top FloorCentral Loft 24hr Self Check-in emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434030945.jpg?k=c15cf0bf8fec1834ead98fd4587de903ddc17af361f2cbf8ddbd3a54b2ed1ae3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 140m2-top-floorcentral-loft-24hr-self-check-in\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Bërxolli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3266417\n  lng: 19.8139995\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434030945.jpg?k=c15cf0bf8fec1834ead98fd4587de903ddc17af361f2cbf8ddbd3a54b2ed1ae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434030975.jpg?k=db56a72abd5427de907c780157bf92451a0aa97e9f215c0b8699822687ec96da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434031059.jpg?k=6290325a58b3c4c772613a31451e9db124fffe7ac7e7fcf4e4b7d245ce956e88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434030966.jpg?k=3aa14b9db67882122a6b1603f1d93b216549df67b5b4d8d6ef8d7f1bb74ce38f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500379432.jpg?k=77fa280fd98dc75c8ccef5fd66d1007e99e13d17e860ed18eef14def55e6c8c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434031078.jpg?k=7005c25c09b39d278fee67dbef5296af49d84fe1b2fe58b66e1617f629453f12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434031080.jpg?k=d9c6b53236c5a5371e1e24522a9c17ce3eebae13577a50123cc1df2f96942e1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500379606.jpg?k=08d56b1fd18d4ebb7ed4fc347d657c6c6a9364b381563e120e5b1cf64a76373d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434030959.jpg?k=2d660b94b55357ef9407f2edbdc68be8a54d255bd47151caa0266a96fee80a3a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posta 150 m"\n  - "Makamona 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maciej"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing location. Amazing staff. Really worth it. 🙌👌👏 Amazing view from The balcony. Breathtaking.”"\n  - name: "Tanja"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“This Studio appartment is just a stone throw from Skanderberg plaza, Bunk Art 2, Shops and cafes - perfect location. This studio offered all a family of three needs including a little \"cave\" under the double-bed high sleeper where our daughter...”"\n  - name: "Taddor1"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja, wszędzie było blisko. Gospodarz przemiły i chętny do pomocy. Duży taras z widokiem na miasto bardzo nam odpowiadał. Chętnie na nim odpoczywaliśmy. Podczas naszego pobytu zakwitły na tarasie kaktusy.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/140m2-top-floorcentral-loft-24hr-self-check-in.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe loft itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a generous 140 square meters of living space that is both airy and inviting. Guests will find themselves at home with a suite of amenities including a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, making in-loft dining a breeze. The living area, anchored by a sleek flat-screen TV with cable channels, offers a cozy retreat after a day of city exploration.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of crisp towels and fresh bed linen, enhancing the comfort of the spacious bedroom. The addition of a terrace offers a private outdoor space to unwind and soak in the city's ambiance.

For those keen to delve into Tirana's rich history and culture, the loft's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park positions it as an ideal spot. Moreover, the convenience of having Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away simplifies travel logistics.

With free WiFi throughout and private parking on site, this non-smoking property addresses all the practical needs of modern travelers, making 140m2 Top FloorCentral Loft 24hr Self Check-in a standout option for those visiting Tirana.