---
title: 1800's
description: The villa itself is a spacious haven, boasting a balcony that invites guests to bask in the surrounding natural beauty. With two bedrooms, a cozy living room, a
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/484120623.jpg"
language: en
slug: 1800s
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

The villa itself is a spacious haven, boasting a balcony that invites guests to bask in the surrounding natural beauty. With two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a fridge and all necessary kitchenware, 1800's ensures a home-away-from-home experience. The outdoor dining area, overlooking the lush garden, provides the perfect backdrop for memorable meals under the sky.

For those seeking to explore, the villa is ideally situated for embarking on walking tours that reveal the charm of the local area. Additionally, the garden offers a tranquil retreat for guests looking to unwind in the embrace of nature.

Convenience is also a hallmark of 1800's, with Ioannina Airport located just 83 km away, making it an accessible getaway for both local and international travelers. This property not only promises a stay filled with peace and privacy, thanks to its private entrance but also ensures connectivity with complimentary WiFi and the convenience of free private parking.

1800's emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking an enchanting escape in Gjirokastër, blending historical charm with modern comforts and natural beauty.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}