---\ntitle: "2-bedroom apartment with Dajti Mountain view"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the 2-bedroom apartment with Dajti Mountain view, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385491975.jpg?k=b934487e6d79c9a7160230ac321077c9f2da57219bff518ba6ced05272aefc9e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2-bedroom-apartment-with-dajti-mountain-view\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, Pallati 10, Shkalla 1, Apartamenti 10, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33746912\n  lng: 19.84182916\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385491975.jpg?k=b934487e6d79c9a7160230ac321077c9f2da57219bff518ba6ced05272aefc9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385491044.jpg?k=1bde7e8d1401063636d0f46996c2587a42224187894ed4bd0d2a602e2014f52f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385491423.jpg?k=f05fe94cc5c079f36dcc75c89d5b40e3a7e63f973c18e1f1b469baca4f71c0f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485985808.jpg?k=a70a2841e43a4d87c22c695b8ebb39ebb029c3c1a1f110e690bd0a729526fb68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385491506.jpg?k=dc2f221f6899859593dee2cb2cd975f4d9453b1e9701b5777950eb7ac2a7c3d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385490491.jpg?k=3626899a90cfa10711d5438dd2e1a6780a27fdbb8ef715205ae661f3bba8c22e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485985990.jpg?k=218bd96e2cdb5a048afdd08561c6e2cd1e108ba2bc11bd8cefa591c321f0f9dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485985984.jpg?k=652ef2709e42da172072b2c7a4c8998d6c8218f35178da471efb11cc9c050547&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485985977.jpg?k=19bb7dd64385cc635876e60acae0e6688f1427896a16ffdf81a1a18ae6f930e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (95 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "REI Mar Fish 50 m"\n  - "Bar St. Pauli 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chryssoula"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“A beautiful home, almost like a folk museum... Clean, perfectly equipped (we were allowed to use the washing machine, although it was not part of the deal), and in a nice area - not really at the center of the city, but not too far to walk. Plenty...”"\n  - name: "Oksana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“lovely ,cosy,very clean ,homelike ,welcoming ,quiet ,fully equipped)))Whatever u need for a short or long stay )A separate HUGE thanks to Emir,the owner ,who managed parking for my car and let us enjoy Tirana to the full)Thank you once more and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedroom-apartment-with-dajti-mountain-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a strategic location; it's a haven of comfort and privacy. Guests are treated to a spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that frames the majestic Dajti Mountain. The inclusion of modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen with an oven and a microwave, and a bathroom with a bidet, ensures a stay that combines convenience with luxury. The provision of towels and bed linen adds an extra layer of comfort, making it feel like a home away from home.

For those who value their privacy, the apartment's private entrance is a noteworthy feature, offering an undisturbed and exclusive living experience. The convenience extends beyond the apartment's walls, with complimentary WiFi and on-site parking available to all guests, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

The property is strategically located, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just 3.4 km away, inviting guests to delve into the country's rich history. For daily necessities, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without the need to venture far. Additionally, the apartment facilitates exploration and adventure through its car rental service, allowing guests to easily visit distant attractions such as the Rock of Kavaje, 45 km away, or the Bektashi World Centre, located just 1.6 km from the apartment.

Situated 16 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the 2-bedroom apartment with Dajti Mountain view is not only accessible but stands as a testament to the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and the beauty of nature's backdrop. It's an ideal choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana, with all the comforts of a thoughtfully furnished and strategically located home base.