---\ntitle: "2 KITARRAT Boutique Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "2 KITARRAT Boutique Hotel & SPA stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, luxury, and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22363545.jpg?k=2b958c8c52753f70c4c3c27db57ad5d6dde53c20f23e60a7f4a25c4df9527c46&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2-kitarrat-boutique-hotel-spa\naddress: "Lagjia nr. 1, Rruga Taulantia, 4000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31201658\n  lng: 19.43538997\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 251\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22363545.jpg?k=2b958c8c52753f70c4c3c27db57ad5d6dde53c20f23e60a7f4a25c4df9527c46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22364139.jpg?k=1ef8efdb91fdc75f56d3ea26fc4ff750facbd9ee23f410ec332f821cf0cdfcf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22363964.jpg?k=c5c1cf364015c43345ed1bf6f2b50b92104fba2814f2f4a1078fe6be5b4864fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216953689.jpg?k=dc2bf453912f9f5c1a2b9163294d5e4fcf4a1b958854b291da54bbad826ebf6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216955685.jpg?k=c8b83401492e3e8f7200aac00e7dbb555bad360f830e3c0c77ab219146595ce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269091518.jpg?k=e0d229f716f9db26287232f6a24d88b6193b9f5ea5db7031bbbe6a30ea386bc3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Comfort Double Room with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Cialda 50 m"\n  - "Malredo 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 750 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 600 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 800 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Poppy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really beautiful place! So we’ll decorated! Huuuuuge rooms and balcony is more like a terrace it was massive! Couldn’t recommend this place more!”"\n  - name: "Joanne"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The staff at this accommodation are just wonderful, nothing was a bother, they organised a haircut and nail appointment, a late check out, car park for our car etc abd were just so kind and friendly. The room was huge and comfortable, breakfast...”"\n  - name: "Zuzana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice little hotel, maybe a little bit old fashioned inside, but still lovely. The rooms was comfortable and big, bathroom was clean, staff was nice and helpful and it is very close to the beach. We had a good time!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-2-kitarrat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its state-of-the-art facilities, including a full-service spa and wellness center that promises relaxation and rejuvenation. Guests can unwind in the sauna, experience the traditional Turkish bath, or soak in the soothing hot tub. For those looking to maintain their wellness routines, a visit to the spa is a must.

Accommodations at 2 KITARRAT are designed with the utmost attention to detail. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen cable TV, a minibar, and a work desk, ensuring a comfortable and productive stay. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with modern amenities, including a hairdryer, complimentary toiletries, and plush towels. Select rooms also boast the added luxury of a balcony or terrace, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax and take in the surroundings.

Beyond the exquisite rooms and spa, the hotel offers a range of services to enhance the guest experience. The on-site bar and restaurant serve a selection of delectable dishes and refreshing drinks, perfect for any palate. Additional conveniences include a laundry service, airport shuttle, and massage services, all designed to make each stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Located just a short distance from notable landmarks such as the Durrës Amphitheatre and Durrës Castle, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. The Main Bus Station is conveniently located 200 meters away, making it easy to explore beyond the city limits, while Tirana Airport is just 26 km from the hotel. With complimentary parking available, guests arriving by car will find it hassle-free to venture out and discover the region.

2 KITARRAT Boutique Hotel & SPA is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable Albanian adventure, combining luxury accommodations, top-notch facilities, and an unbeatable location.