---\ntitle: "2 Room City-Sea apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at the 2 Room City-Sea Apartment, a modern accommodation choice that promises comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113787294.jpg?k=40aca234189af78a0bca0d4eef6286597c6c63fcdd094bdd0fcfc4be19b465b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2-room-city-sea-apartment\naddress: "RRUGA TAULANTIA 8 floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31139046\n  lng: 19.43945816\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113787294.jpg?k=40aca234189af78a0bca0d4eef6286597c6c63fcdd094bdd0fcfc4be19b465b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164342834.jpg?k=5f9042d2f8f097a5a94e9a944dead0dd5d7eae12a23a502bd2601e15c1e26deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164342823.jpg?k=d7c74cc2bc9d75de20c6450b6b916a5906fc16a5906847b110d2ac58ad6a3aa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164343064.jpg?k=b4f7a16c2dd6e3ee5bafe91fe12f6cc7fccacde91ccd5121af239f54f0821915&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113787661.jpg?k=bbce3f5e6e4ef52d4b0149fa70e5cf6a02876c04336c500bf6c00dd9d7a4962f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164342833.jpg?k=4ea00f6bc249f0c180161d291d943ab73a4b478d9fe9c3f030d1c423db46093b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164342829.jpg?k=2d1eac865d0e0c7cad06d601e4eb00d63b57330a313fc8906f9edab7a2f4d53b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164343075.jpg?k=b91122ed1dcc2e140be85c3f6e721b2eb0f70f5954d00af25d116a5e1eb9233b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164342898.jpg?k=d1271fff183793152131ba3a519af82b50178597f59391cc6c60d41d9720d922&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golden Apple 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Sale e Pepe Durres 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 950 m"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 500 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 850 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1,000 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roman"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartament id really well-equiped. You will find there everything you need for one or two week stay. The host is extra helpful. I’ve asked him for a several issue, and he always was well-informed.”"\n  - name: "Gabi"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“the apartment is in line with expectations. very welcoming and kind host”"\n  - name: "Janki_b"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Komunikacja z właścicielem wyśmienita, widok z okna na morze (między blokami ;) ). Sklepy, piekarnia i kantor praktycznie na miejscu po zjechaniu windą :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-2-room-city-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nOccupying a prime position in one of Durrës's newest and most desirable neighborhoods, the 2 Room City-Sea Apartment is housed within a contemporary building that boasts stunning sea views. The 80 square meter space is thoughtfully designed to cater to all needs, featuring a cozy bedroom, a bathroom, and a living room complete with a fully equipped kitchen. The sea view balcony adds a touch of luxury, allowing guests to soak in the picturesque surroundings. Modern amenities such as air conditioning, a TV, washing machine, and microwave ensure a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.

The vibrant neighborhood surrounding the apartment is a treasure trove of local amenities. Guests will find themselves spoilt for choice with an array of drugstores, supermarkets, top-rated restaurants, bars, and clubs—all within easy reach. The area's lively atmosphere is perfect for travelers of all ages looking to experience the best of Durrës.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's location is ideal. A short 10-minute walk leads to the city center and the Old Town district, where the ancient City Walls, the Archaeological Museum, the Seaside Promenade "Sfinksi", King Zog's Palace, and the beautiful Currilat Beach await discovery. These attractions, among others, showcase the rich history and cultural heritage of Durrës.

For international visitors, Tirana Airport is conveniently located 38 km away, making the 2 Room City-Sea Apartment an accessible choice for both short and long stays. Whether it's the allure of the sea or the call of ancient ruins, this apartment serves as the perfect base for an unforgettable Albanian adventure.