---\ntitle: "25 Green Retreat Mansion"\ndescription: "25 Green Retreat Mansion emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an exceptional stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-h/41b962c4f1fcefa6bb9c4a8bc7bfed064a71691b.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 25-green-retreat-mansion\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32421977\n  lng: 19.82571166\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-h/41b962c4f1fcefa6bb9c4a8bc7bfed064a71691b.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/nl/7b4427cefda046f99f0efc11622be2e83b8ba511.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428265560.jpg?k=4e58ae15a0766bc2023572749532264fa5c2cd7a3d62415d0ce74d16a0fef566&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/428261823.jpg?k=07436aaacaccb1597d3f307f05ecd749b675cd20701fe7958d38ef5a57cffe93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/428263801.jpg?k=45912e6cd1974d69fa7c0958e9da748030c1ff6cc2ec51f55d429be587c596cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/428265585.jpg?k=ef5b3058c0db7a57640f972fbb4fac2348a7f5eee607e19dc0b52fc3a87c0edf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/428260362.jpg?k=87c49607d065cacf0ebaff2b313e4365d153e6c451b219435dc26ff9512c6606&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/312654496.jpg?k=0bb98fb901a4b28953e9dde06af5431b5d1ccba2b3c291d76085dcfdd2fccdb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/312654442.jpg?k=f91b14fda8bb3c1c85218bc78c8b092e298033aff8cdbe5b7a77f4e713409bff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/315193834.jpg?k=201828a95e553216a21126651f308301baaf265dc6db99fae2aa6646c56d8b85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Living Room 20 m"\n  - "Bar Rest Danubi 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "H"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect friendly and attentive host who even replaced the wine opener when it appeared to be broken. The balcony (or perhaps better: terrace) is soo very perfect, I loved it. In addition the location was absolutely perfect; everything you would...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relaxing-apartament-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe mansion boasts a meticulously designed apartment that caters to the modern traveler's needs. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with air-conditioned spaces, complemented by a balcony that offers both garden and city views. The proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just over a kilometer away, adds a touch of historical intrigue to the stay.

Attention to detail is evident in the apartment's amenities, which include a bedroom with cozy bed linen, a bathroom stocked with towels, and a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen allow guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the terrace, boasting mountain views, and a patio that serves as an outdoor dining area, invite relaxation in a picturesque setting. The commitment to guest comfort is further underscored by the apartment's soundproofing, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle.

For those looking to explore Tirana, 25 Green Retreat Mansion facilitates adventures with a car rental service. The property's location is a gateway to exploring the city's cultural landmarks, including Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, the mansion also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

25 Green Retreat Mansion is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing Tirana's vibrant culture and scenic beauty, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed home away from home.