---\ntitle: "ᴏᴄᴇᴀɴ 27 ᴅᴇʟᴜx ꜱᴇᴀᴠɪᴇᴡ ᴀᴘᴀʀᴛᴍᴇɴᴛ ᴠᴏʟʟɢᴀ ᴘʀᴏᴍᴇɴᴀᴅᴇ"\ndescription: "Ocean 27 Delux Seaview Apartment Vollga Promenade stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917506.jpg?k=20554a625743069cf9414bd9c9d720a37dde3eb3756548633f487c44d65004e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 27-x\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31015123\n  lng: 19.44370512\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917506.jpg?k=20554a625743069cf9414bd9c9d720a37dde3eb3756548633f487c44d65004e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917508.jpg?k=2ed3ecc71b1c7bb3f490b34611b8a21c41392c99bc7ec097e08df1d17d6bc806&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917496.jpg?k=7605d1814c75d19358f2a7274a8c0e115de2fc25ef2431631963a9fc715461ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917490.jpg?k=f19fa68b06d2ccb03452e25bfedc9d6ee53061ae245b6281a12612cfc76d0789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414292978.jpg?k=4279d5f1c7d4f32c0c138b0465d6f4acb9e066823baf09a693527d8221520576&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482243461.jpg?k=c975f6d0750144b07fbc24f3c99712c2e4a2c41df47b29bbe50a51fd8bd25b5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917507.jpg?k=5b1096eeca9fe803e6e1041770178cd4f7c961e17ab363f588e5cae0353bba2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412917502.jpg?k=b36ec2a4de8ac1602a8d27ecad54e1424e2102e3c7b8a2a6b04061498d61ee39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488976900.jpg?k=f2f0eaae143930b2045349a775472d98cefd4c4778f04c9b37d4a66dd0634f57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (85 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cinnabon Durres 50 m"\n  - "Pastarella Durres 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 200 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 900 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Makis"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Fast and reliable communication with the host. Even why we did come late in the property they made sure we have all the info necessary for the check-in.”"\n  - name: "Antonela"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“I loved the location. It was a big bright property with great security system.”"\n  - name: "Pítr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Slunný prostorný byt, vstřícná a ochotná hostitelka”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ocean-27-delux-seaview-apartment-vollga-promenade.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment is equipped with modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, making it a home away from home. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided. Designed with the guest's comfort in mind, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

Security and convenience are paramount at Ocean 27 Delux Seaview Apartment Vollga Promenade, offering full-day security, an elevator for easy access, and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. Additional services such as an ATM, private check-in and check-out, and currency exchange are available to meet the needs of every guest.

For those who prefer to dine in, a minimarket on the premises provides all the essentials for a cozy night in. Alternatively, guests can unwind in the serene garden, adding to the overall tranquil experience.

Located in the heart of Durrës, the apartment is a stone's throw away from popular attractions such as Currila Beach, Kallmi Beach, and the historic Durres Amphitheatre. For travelers flying in, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 33 km away, making Ocean 27 Delux Seaview Apartment Vollga Promenade an ideal base for exploring the beauty and history of Durrës.