---\ntitle: "2A near Blloku area Apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the 2A near Blloku area Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680164.jpg?k=9fe9313a0ee6b0b293a7723aa3612341c642dcb229b5ab17605fee83168a357f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2a-near-blloku-area-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Jorga, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32240121\n  lng: 19.80907026\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680164.jpg?k=9fe9313a0ee6b0b293a7723aa3612341c642dcb229b5ab17605fee83168a357f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680269.jpg?k=0641f20538abca8718c97ee6bbb7126608b16e2bac1e600d7a2c4ffc419322a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680237.jpg?k=6b65bfe077347a3d470e64398fe0c54978f27b8ffad8d3651762e47dc4f0f388&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680177.jpg?k=32b507a717ef2df68a923a4b3319cd68308ebfd9d530021ee2b5c52bd9c42a88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680181.jpg?k=0e107e8613b5cb85e89c30e32ee34f8cf946a10c869b77b1c554cbf255d7c66e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680210.jpg?k=7e90489f89be3267c77a938a1762247978ebcecf58e8a55611628b549fd6319a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680226.jpg?k=2b7c1de1c3c640695ec29c9a516e5d63c2442d000ad3fe7256e8e6b41a885d50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680199.jpg?k=05bad86d15b8be7e2580f5552b7a40c0d0848fb6c1209effdbdc1f499b63eda2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402680131.jpg?k=c60765c730e62d739aca2e7f5600e2a01afc84a12ca6f8d31452adc7ca2fd44c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Makarona Ceni 50 m"\n  - "Trendafili i bardhë 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martijn"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Amazing host and the apartment was very cost and clean! Perfect stay and we really liked the location. Alma is a friendly host.”"\n  - name: "Rodolfo"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The apartment is amazing, the host is so nice, and the location is very good.”"\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Super comfy, squeaky clean and the host was an amazing lady. Even though we stayed only for one night, we really felt like home.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2a-near-blloku-area-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment's location is unparalleled, with easy access to the city's most iconic landmarks. Just a brief walk away, guests can explore the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, delve into the secrets of the House of Leaves, or take a stroll through the National Museum of History Albania, all within a 1.5 km radius. Moreover, the heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is only 1.4 km away, making it an ideal spot for those looking to experience the vibrant life of Tirana.

Beyond its prime location, the apartment itself is a haven of comfort and privacy. Guests are welcomed into a spacious setting, complete with a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom, and all the essentials such as bed linen and towels. The living area, adorned with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, opens up to a dining space and a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests the freedom to dine in as they please. The balcony, overlooking a peaceful inner courtyard, provides a perfect nook for morning coffees or quiet evenings.

Adding to the allure, the apartment boasts a private entrance, ensuring an exclusive and undisturbed stay. For those looking to explore the green spaces of Tirana, Rinia Park, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the whimsical Reja - The Cloud are all nearby, inviting guests to create memorable experiences.

Conveniently located just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the 2A near Blloku area Apartment stands out as a top choice for both short-term and extended stays in Tirana, offering guests a seamless blend of comfort, privacy, and access to the city's rich tapestry of attractions.