---\ntitle: "2A New Bazaar Apartment"\ndescription: "2A New Bazaar Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387005607.jpg?k=7e10d7a12ce7094f8a3d3691fcbc9f0fbde4289e13c8f710722755d2328379d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2a-new-bazaar-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Hoxhë Vokrri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33136444\n  lng: 19.82815117\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387005607.jpg?k=7e10d7a12ce7094f8a3d3691fcbc9f0fbde4289e13c8f710722755d2328379d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387006320.jpg?k=4a72b6e4c5bbccf877365cfe058970725304f11f79a42d5014c4deb5f9999778&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387005300.jpg?k=fad43b806a22ed586259e8d13969130d49792b5ff1eb59d968cc055046ce4128&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387008028.jpg?k=97208b79e86f704a8af08463cf1970ab45a49455591c7a85d37bb9435093f653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387005512.jpg?k=2ead5bbb80ea71da4d858dadce8c7ac751eeb89b72ea57cea16e6b650d0bfc6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375163119.jpg?k=60747fadb238850c6e304c1aa6161d549f964ec3b072d171fa0531571c856f4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387006043.jpg?k=2feb135a30e6e814c1ab842c09d87075149e8053e08a2848255708a1bdcd77df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387005340.jpg?k=ebe7e4e7866d5a5aef050658b998f57330b7d58c4cbe762955e88aec00c86348&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399727469.jpg?k=1df5083009514607eb9b52c6dddd39264fb12f1cefbabe2f8c5539b8f5d73af6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe le Petit 100 m"\n  - "Iron Brush 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Łukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment in a great position in Tirana. Very clean and comfortable. It has good wifi, so it's convenient to work from there. It was easy to communicate with the owner.”"\n  - name: "Santosh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious with all the facilities mentioned. Very neat.”"\n  - name: "Slawomir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location and the owner very nice and helpful. Thank you”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/emiri-new-bazaar-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis generously sized apartment boasts two bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels, perfect for relaxing evenings in. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals at their leisure, while a washing machine adds an extra layer of convenience for longer stays. The bathroom, complete with a bath, along with provided towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to comfort. The feature of a private entrance further enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' immediate needs without the necessity of venturing far.

The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania positions it as a stellar choice for those eager to immerse themselves in the local culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 15 km away, 2A New Bazaar Apartment stands out as a convenient and comfortable option for both short and extended stays in Tirana, offering a home away from home in the bustling city.