---\ntitle: "2E Center Apartment"\ndescription: "2E Center Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528030728.jpg?k=498d4a103f645c043c1af79ccd4fbdf9b7ea361b5b1934a92697df2a6abb21da&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2e-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi, 1061 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3332619\n  lng: 19.81375639\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528030728.jpg?k=498d4a103f645c043c1af79ccd4fbdf9b7ea361b5b1934a92697df2a6abb21da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528030736.jpg?k=e040f5d0d48976df6d5908fc2e3b0641e8078aa29c1499931852049ba259d377&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526345721.jpg?k=dc83006cdbc1980a8c62cdc07a59d8275e2ec2dbc2159d2a24fcc54642e4c8b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528029485.jpg?k=70dfca897af2afdd75a1c8e8155212d777add5b002611716867880feac0eb3a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526345745.jpg?k=9bb907ccaa20fa5f9a64f07eca565d09365da3ddcf44c005e5fcc8606e7d1d59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528030735.jpg?k=4107677c46f10ccb92e81386aa39500b6cf38b5e149cab44637badb8ccb7cf72&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (107 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon Appetit 100 m"\n  - "Boleros 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Besjana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartament great,located near center of the city.
The host Enea is very helpful and friendly.”"\n  - name: "K"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was clean and the apartment had all the facilities you need. It felt like home. Also the host is amazing.”"\n  - name: "Rodney"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Clean, comfortable and quiet,. The apartment is very close to lots of local cafes and restaurants and a short walk to Skanderbeg Square. The host was extremely responsive and the the wifi is very good. The smart tv offered us lots of choices eg...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2e-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at 2E Center Apartment boast sleek parquet floors, setting the stage for a stay that marries style with functionality. Each unit is equipped with a state-of-the-art kitchen, complete with an oven, ensuring that guests have everything they need to feel at home. Entertainment is readily available through flat-screen TVs that offer a variety of streaming services, allowing for relaxing evenings in after a day of adventure. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with showers and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. For those who value connectivity, free WiFi is available throughout the property, and select rooms feature balconies, offering picturesque views of the surrounding mountains.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests will find themselves conveniently located near other must-visit sites, including the House of Leaves, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the historic Clock Tower Tirana. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless transition to and from the property.

2E Center Apartment not only provides a restful retreat but also serves as a gateway to the cultural heartbeat of Tirana, ensuring a memorable stay for all who visit.