---\ntitle: "2F Saranda Apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of 2F Saranda Apartment, a gem that stands out for its breathtaking mountain views and its prime location just a stone's throw away from Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476583155.jpg?k=efdd9c3eb8fb9fb893ad503cee3818ae4f050981bc039fac079afbc6087c0422&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2f-saranda-apartment\naddress: "Rr. Butrintit, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86521957\n  lng: 20.01618485\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476583155.jpg?k=efdd9c3eb8fb9fb893ad503cee3818ae4f050981bc039fac079afbc6087c0422&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476395847.jpg?k=b439be657302c22bdb0020175cf815f441a902aae79e62340a779d2aab156a7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476389883.jpg?k=c92d0ab22e39e02aa58da306fb48ff5645dc0857e435a5006abe28c3e6a29287&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476384796.jpg?k=883ad5524126c644041866170900e82e869ae7d16867b57f6575048207cea94c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476395104.jpg?k=5296f9d693350bea3147fad23d8229b10f72155d4a1ac260948fa1fc8bd48daf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476397758.jpg?k=b789cbe13568c89a2e9342b073154b1bce4d73cef7706c72f94dd0863f280162&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476393928.jpg?k=2ab169f0989d0da702e8444ef2896d9f5c04fc6c14c014f95a50939621eb6215&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476397977.jpg?k=479bde4fa7c652957ca0103ffb571d2d7c4714ecc0061a55f7430167411c493b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476570106.jpg?k=ee53a324272c9c7f80f0d15d07e91ffc7bdef6aad99a36cc5e5a295018d30cc2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (291 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cimi Gjakova, Pizzeria Grill 40 m"\n  - "Lost Seaside 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 100 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Beautiful view, very spacious, renovated and clean.”"\n  - name: "Wendy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This was by far the best apartment of the four we stayed in in Albania (in a similar price range). The furnishings were modern and comfortable, the apartment was spacious and well laid out, wifi great, beds comfy, shower perfect, and the little...”"\n  - name: "Amanda"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“This was a great place and the host was amazing. Last minute the fix us the baby bed.
The beach at the place is not for children that do not know how to swim. So keep that in mind if you have a family.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2f-saranda-apartment-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort and luxury, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a bathroom, and an inviting living area. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful touches such as high-quality bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services. The dining area and fully-equipped kitchen provide everything needed for a home-cooked meal, which can be enjoyed on the balcony overlooking the sea or in the outdoor dining area. For those cooler evenings, the apartment's soundproofing and cozy fireplace create a tranquil retreat.

Beyond the comforts of the apartment, guests can bask in the sunshine on the sun terrace or gather around the outdoor fireplace for memorable evenings under the stars. The convenience of having a coffee shop and a minimarket on the premises adds to the appeal of 2F Saranda Apartment.

Situated within easy reach of both La Petite Beach and VIP Beach, and with Ioannina Airport just 96 km away, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the beauty of Saranda. Whether it's the allure of the beach or the tranquility of the mountains that draws you in, 2F Saranda Apartment promises a stay that is both relaxing and invigorating.