---\ntitle: "2V1 - 21 Dhjetori SG"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at 2V1 - 21 Dhjetori SG, a prime apartment that boasts a convenient balcony and is strategically positioned within close proximity to the city's historical and cultural hotspots."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389415973.jpg?k=9598cbbacd81c372993348d7bd5b5d6e79d09082009083d3aed18a0e2e0c24c7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2v1-21-dhjetori-sg\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32514458\n  lng: 19.80363202\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389415973.jpg?k=9598cbbacd81c372993348d7bd5b5d6e79d09082009083d3aed18a0e2e0c24c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416064.jpg?k=5934ea3f2657a5f4c1d8762b4e22061bb59ce0fadf644b79eba7f34291ce9904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416061.jpg?k=2b1de7582668c8c28cb720257cc892d78ba60387cbd1d469ff27bc32678e3953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416057.jpg?k=8c8e6d8bb3462d356c2815bae0a939314c4c1897a48dc4777e0ca68b5fa80f91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416078.jpg?k=56ca9f064786f60600d78a487e662a50971bb80aaad82fa6e36b705fea14cb19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416013.jpg?k=1556b4386269a02574cf93b943bb6bd12c1c231862aab1964ac890dc35abe93e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416050.jpg?k=bd1ce31ec15c64b2597467e434b8d3500d261a7ffbc5669faa6381afe345d060&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416074.jpg?k=38311016d3ac2065e89ed41181a03f1dbe0c3c50acbdf9cbf44945f3bbb06129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389416019.jpg?k=e943223143aac84a4aab776fafe7f81ab35fd3f4fa3646d171b1cb745216795a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantazia 20 m"\n  - "Mulliri i Vjeter 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La casa è molto moderna, recentemente ristrutturata e in ottima posizione. Vicinissima a supermercati, ristoranti, bar, mezzi pubblici. C'è WI Fi, smart tv, lavatrice, frigo, forno, ecc.. Vengo spesso a Tirana e spero di ritornare qui. Grazie per...”"\n  - name: "Hnsbln"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This isn't my first time booking to 2V1 Apartments. I always look for them specifically on Booking, because they have the best apartments in Tirana! Regarding this one specifically, the apartment was spacious, with a comfy view, great location and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamenti-2v1-21-dhjetor-sg.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh stay for all guests. It is also remarkably close to Skanderbeg Square, placing visitors in the heart of Tirana's vibrant life. The 24-hour front desk service ensures that guest inquiries and needs are addressed at any time, day or night.

Featuring an air-conditioned bedroom that promises restful nights, the apartment is equipped with a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own meals. Complimentary towels and bed linen add an extra layer of convenience to the stay.

For those interested in exploring Tirana's rich history and culture, the apartment is ideally located near the House of Leaves, Reja - The Cloud, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the local scene. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making 2V1 - 21 Dhjetori SG an excellent choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable and comfortable experience in Albania's capital.