---\ntitle: "2V1 - Center apartment 3"\ndescription: "2V1 - Center Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's cultural and historical landscape."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428415.jpg?k=6c59f6ba8409cae53fa349b92f209243029fb770001090b776bbfc99b9dc1ca0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 2v1-center-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Ded Gjo Luli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33029997\n  lng: 19.81656857\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428415.jpg?k=6c59f6ba8409cae53fa349b92f209243029fb770001090b776bbfc99b9dc1ca0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428511.jpg?k=457fcb8adab8b130aab33d16dcbe29d3c260f68ec7c40c085673b1dcbbc8bf2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428524.jpg?k=9f8fc77d055f396ae0b4c9c0321c1a60f2856d26a205ef1c0e387d00d0ace5a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428497.jpg?k=22a7c4eb857fc53fe549f07613edac9cdb7d407b301de598d041293ba7ce64e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428480.jpg?k=1ad3c894b4ae4f7f9440f7eecfdf7049335e03e818b0eb519433480b9fd1b760&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504949099.jpg?k=fab0a4b9467c6aed3b9d78c83cb743cc869dca49f02d4b186104b9d3c6e0b94c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428472.jpg?k=874a277f212d591f929926fb23be22ec8293747d6e32e628b6d227346300afc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504428484.jpg?k=1b13ac9e27ca418bf55019a07787b71f227df3d816c195270fc4d272160b7e0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505204641.jpg?k=3f96b3642d018578e140fc0c1cdf793c7bb6943ef316951997d7ac52970d8050&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (284 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero51 Fast Food 50 m"\n  - "UFO 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carolvegan"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Everything!!! The host was way friendly and kind. We needed to print our boarding passes and they printed it for us, without extra costs. Also sent us tips to enjoy the nice city of Tirana. Always answered us very fast and ready to help, sent us...”"\n  - name: "R3d1n4"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Very clean and well equipped apartment with all the necessary facilities. It is very quiet despite its location right in the main road in the city center. Easy check in and check out.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2v1-center-studio-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned one-bedroom apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a slice of Tirana's rich tapestry, being within walking distance of the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. Moreover, the apartment's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha adds a layer of historical intrigue to its location, all within a 1.2 km radius.

Guests are treated to modern comforts within this non-smoking property, including complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and toaster. The provision of towels and bed linen ensures a hassle-free stay, allowing visitors to focus on immersing themselves in the local culture.

Noteworthy attractions such as the House of Leaves, Clock Tower Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque are also easily accessible, making 2V1 - Center Apartment 3 an ideal base for exploring Tirana's rich heritage and vibrant city life. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, ensuring easy arrivals and departures.

In summary, 2V1 - Center Apartment 3 stands out as a comfortable, conveniently located haven for those eager to explore the best of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of the city right at its doorstep.