---\ntitle: "3-bedroom beach villa with a pool in Green Coast Palase"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of coastal luxury at the 3-bedroom beach villa in Green Coast Palase, a premier destination for travelers seeking an exclusive retreat in Palasë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452482530.jpg?k=dc29df5325a0b092b91e8a8691e72564ab134060632b6b50bda0ac2c90531300&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 3-bedroom-beach-villa-with-a-pool-in-green-coast-palase\naddress: "Green Coast Resort & Residences, AL, Palasë 9425, Albania, 9425 Palasë, Albania"\ncity: "Palasë"\nlocation: "Palasë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.1717482\n  lng: 19.58467625\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452482530.jpg?k=dc29df5325a0b092b91e8a8691e72564ab134060632b6b50bda0ac2c90531300&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373513779.jpg?k=873eaed18cb7e777681f902d3a1a8223c2acfad85f1ca3bce47ac8ddab2ceb29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373512285.jpg?k=1cd9bf8f555a5b71fd626cf5fb3edb5e2506d08e03b6460e93fa32e18cb2a66c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373515898.jpg?k=7096618cd98376a9f9ef7d4920eb519ef9f2ad01209c632b125e8bc1cfefc1b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373511242.jpg?k=54b7c70c8e02e245f5c81460c004d64d158cd79e818689fcf63c6c5f6bbcbe7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452483133.jpg?k=7e44286e15559f7ab43be5f4547d936fce5314a5a10fb693254fce4fbec3f9cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452482907.jpg?k=b60cee6f481bdac80da6163865785979fbaed1f199a9a547898de0044ce221aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373513201.jpg?k=28bb6d08f3fd46cea4d0d6c835b9c8c47cef00af7a0d1fa6b886f5d7c2670eea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452482699.jpg?k=13104c07c2f505c88afcea97169c04a8ff4ad6f24e1f2c21a43e0618c4603231&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fishop Coast 300 m"\n  - "Beachside Cafe 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nazar Beach 150 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 9 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Host managed to have everything ready for us upon arrival. We had a wonderful holiday. Hope to visit again next year”"\n  - name: "Vullnet"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Perfect Location with Amazing View, Private pool and what to dont like here i dont know everything is perfect! I have been with my family we haved very good times in this villa we have to come again next summer normally I recommend this villa to...”"\n  - name: "Nil"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A beautiful villa in a great little location by the beach, which was only a 5minute walk. We had such a great stay even though it was only just the start of the season. The owner was very responsive and kept in touch and gave us lots of helpful...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/3-bedroom-beach-villa-with-a-pool-in-green-coast-palase.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBoasting a modern design, the villa is equipped with air conditioning and a spacious patio, ensuring guests enjoy the ultimate comfort during their stay. The interior is thoughtfully laid out with three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a state-of-the-art kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of two bathrooms, complete with a bidet, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, adds a touch of convenience and luxury.

Privacy is paramount at this villa, highlighted by its private entrance that guarantees an undisturbed and intimate experience. The balcony, offering panoramic views of the sea, serves as the perfect backdrop for relaxation or entertaining.

For those looking to unwind, the villa's garden provides a tranquil setting, while an on-site bar caters to social and leisure needs. Situated just 2.2 km from the beautiful Palasa Beach and a scenic drive from Ioannina Airport, this villa is not only accessible but also positions guests perfectly to explore the enchanting surroundings of Palasë.

With free WiFi and ample private parking, guests are assured of convenience from the moment they arrive. This non-smoking property does not just promise a stay but delivers an unforgettable experience by the sea.