---\ntitle: "313 Villa City Center Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana at the 313 Villa City Center Hotel, a prime destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478341935.jpg?k=3f5a951aa0a6fd1651ea15cd5e2670871397c1245c4c2d2c4c44f4c65f6686bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 313-villa-city-center-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Jordan Misja Rruga Panorama, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33673379\n  lng: 19.8118512\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 158\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478341935.jpg?k=3f5a951aa0a6fd1651ea15cd5e2670871397c1245c4c2d2c4c44f4c65f6686bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446918545.jpg?k=7924b245c1092767557f4ca7a4fb5eae5c1bedf1f395a503e6c402e5c093b6f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368395421.jpg?k=4a0a81b494171e317315d8f1d771e70bc26d9898ab085e90fde335e2a39d8b2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446918551.jpg?k=43fec706ff8db347d49615649a632dae3fa8a4cd08f94506febea7e34c7ed898&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368395464.jpg?k=7922fed63d275159c817eba28a99a19960c93bbfd3cef06262180538e45982e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446918691.jpg?k=55f82d0671b9a7231d24d69c50bdd303e218ccee0a9ef1a22349c565a5dbc1fc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "King Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Brand new property, good location, staff friendly and went above and beyond to help”"\n  - name: "Yulia"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Thanks to the hotel staff for their kindness and hospitality. Expectations are quite justified. For my visit it was the location of the hotel that was important. Good luck!”"\n  - name: "Vieri"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everybody was super nice and friendly! The hotel and room were super clean and beautiful!!! We felt at home!!! Closed to the city center and many facilities! Faleminderit! :-)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/313-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at the 313 Villa City Center Hotel are treated to well-appointed, air-conditioned rooms that come equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom featuring a bidet. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and soft towels, ensuring a comfortable stay.

The hotel's strategic location places visitors within easy reach of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the Clock Tower, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Gallery of Arts. Moreover, cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Museum of History, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the House of Leaves, all contributing to a rich and immersive travel experience.

With round-the-clock front desk service, airport transfers, room service, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises, the 313 Villa City Center Hotel prioritizes guest satisfaction and ease. Situated a mere 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana, promising an unforgettable stay marked by comfort and accessibility.