---\ntitle: "3D Apartament / Tirana City Center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at 3D Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340083.jpg?k=9a249613260c4dbf293fa16932ac49fbc587f81f98ff9483cf8ba43f0d665a63&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 3d-apartament-tirana-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32533448\n  lng: 19.82914501\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340083.jpg?k=9a249613260c4dbf293fa16932ac49fbc587f81f98ff9483cf8ba43f0d665a63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340147.jpg?k=3523cc696ed51b656ed8283c1fe0b3d713a4c318b952177746de2ac1a3bc58af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340267.jpg?k=4a08d2a2f64133b3041c08afc1a5ccd03095ba0609af9589d01c36903859b6bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340182.jpg?k=229d4966aa2631b53ff0e93970cfdef133c4afb35b92b53d0fac93345f31e58d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340197.jpg?k=a450fd763662d8aa86b2871ce31bea797df49885afd651ff9d6aaa5374ffc591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340251.jpg?k=d0d06f4af1d063283eb24b8baa9f78c6751cb02e63e8e96e5a299e8ca73a91ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340151.jpg?k=8af7a201b5de0fd9bebb153162506694b99978203f90373cff9f766d742f6904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340262.jpg?k=ba63871f3350981fcee42a22b2bce7b4e690a24ac9ffccccf6eff4395a3bc8ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476340307.jpg?k=3e39c6c439ce4d9d850237a4c353d9435a47d44cc9c16b4e9024d0b62561b664&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Meta 50 m"\n  - "Vima 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hannah"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Great size property. Really clean on arrival with a great bathroom.”"\n  - name: "Ines"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The neighborhood was very close to the center and very nice.
The house was just perfect!”"\n  - name: "Batuhan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The apartment is outstanding. It had everything inside and it was pretty clean. Sara was also very caring and polite. We thank you for everything. We were very satisfied.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/3d-apartament-tirana-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n3D Apartment ensures a seamless and secure experience for its guests, boasting full-day security, private check-in, and check-out services, complemented by complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the quality of stay, making it a preferred option for health-conscious visitors.

Accommodation at 3D Apartment is designed with the modern traveler in mind. The apartment features a cozy bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs. From an oven and toaster to a washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, every detail is thoughtfully provided. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds an extra layer of convenience, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Situated close to notable attractions such as the Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, guests at 3D Apartment are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the cultural vibrancy of the city. For those looking to explore beyond, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

3D Apartment / Tirana City Center emerges as a top recommendation for those seeking an authentic Tirana experience, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of city exploration.