---\ntitle: "4 BR apartment & BBQ veranda"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban living at the 4 BR Apartment & BBQ Veranda, a premier accommodation choice located in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406056082.jpg?k=0aaa065fd5bebdbb46bd96fef978dd233a86196e5502bb42850ce27512b8f858&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 4-br-apartment-bbq-veranda\naddress: "Rruga Moskat Building Moskat, floor 4th, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31867445\n  lng: 19.81306231\nprice: "US$124"\npriceFrom: 124\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406056082.jpg?k=0aaa065fd5bebdbb46bd96fef978dd233a86196e5502bb42850ce27512b8f858&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406061607.jpg?k=15623b41e2a34e183f37b5fa7611566cef120105b3a203cc85ab296b1609b6fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406061663.jpg?k=d670dee34ccaaa7d3a47b792363f4b54e301474bbfb62d16d9a9bbf0bf7adcb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406055898.jpg?k=49f04e8aeaf50809ad148bd848725443e611b7303fefa92b66d020c137a02865&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406055082.jpg?k=917565091570109e5116ed45d986e67a4ea2223ba8d7f08605afb4d7d345ceb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406055093.jpg?k=15accffe096f37901184375228a372e5cd36594ea43349866b4e61bc2a6ad7c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406055887.jpg?k=705fd7ead63c0d66dcb9cfa1e3d283f090d3dee77b969d3813e36dd1aec513b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406056017.jpg?k=d5a769d5fc726a703cab53d8e98c646fe7693d954cc21baebc9f15b2e62056eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406056060.jpg?k=bb38865f0e48f5c50384856fc3c3dd990900faa0a30e94010a86cff1bad400a5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Emi 20 m"\n  - "Kafe Bar Besi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 200 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dera"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was as explained and even exceeded our expectations:
The host was really helpful.”"\n  - name: "Dorina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Highly recommended if you want to visit Tirana and the nightlife,close to the bars and restaurants.The host was so kind and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Mirjan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment in a great location in Blloku. A lots to do, walkable, newly renovated, so spacious and comfortable. BBQ veranda is special. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/4-br-apartment-amp-bbq-veranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Business"\nbestCategories: "Business"\ncategory: "Business"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a haven of comfort and convenience, boasting four well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven. The presence of four bathrooms, each with a bath, ensures privacy and ease for guests. An outdoor dining area allows visitors to enjoy meals al fresco, while the indoor fireplace provides a cozy retreat on cooler evenings. Added amenities such as complimentary WiFi, bed linen, towels, and laundry service underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the family-friendly restaurant on-site, serving an array of Mediterranean dishes for lunch, dinner, and brunch. For those seeking relaxation and rejuvenation, a variety of wellness packages are available, promising a truly restorative stay.

Convenience is key at the 4 BR Apartment & BBQ Veranda, with both bicycle and car rental services offered, allowing guests to explore Tirana with ease. The property's prime location places visitors within close proximity to notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure seamless arrivals and departures.

In summary, the 4 BR Apartment & BBQ Veranda is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and history of Tirana, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed, luxurious living space.