---\ntitle: "4SeasonsGea , New Modern Apartment in Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at 4SeasonsGea, a contemporary apartment that offers the perfect blend of city life and serene living."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610422.jpg?k=47af506854c48e903445e1dd5fddbb196e1dd3643939c87e59c17e0927f59f2c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 4seasonsgea-new-modern-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Bërxolli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.326642\n  lng: 19.814\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610422.jpg?k=47af506854c48e903445e1dd5fddbb196e1dd3643939c87e59c17e0927f59f2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610550.jpg?k=542a5e5515ff76813c91d7158c7d361dd21f126292d86e6ac387a825a4887347&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406564307.jpg?k=ed96d64652d47e1c834cf3ec12b713137de33e895ac70fea56233fdd4a4d8ba8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610522.jpg?k=a9f8e3301ed64e3758a7d97213a6fd1deda3b01fe2b82220d1cf2e486d318973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456392897.jpg?k=d6496cdd1b5f9d64ea1586e5507f66cf59b4be5595a6cf8574757015e4fd646f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610303.jpg?k=c07af3bdd35e691b315e6d44df9ef7004f69214eceed5bace73d75ad83041002&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404610321.jpg?k=50cad763dc4115557dd9d17ad99a1d3357bc7c32023f6f4834332644bd01e8b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406564144.jpg?k=1c3fe5a37cf47993707e8fd98eb91dbabaea584d569b24cdf3cc2e0e62856f7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474928194.jpg?k=4e7cefbd5173249c57476d74c7fa809961bfc633a78fe592c12b0e7eaf71f994&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (27 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posta 150 m"\n  - "Makamona 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was in a great location close to lots of shops, pubs, restaurants and tourist attractions.”"\n  - name: "Eleonora"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“- great location
- easy check-in
- the room has everything you might need - even shower slippers!”"\n  - name: "Weidong"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“It’s a perfect accommodation I’ve ever stay. Everything is worth of the room fee!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/4seasonsgea-new-modern-apartment-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n4SeasonsGea stands out for its thoughtful amenities and services, ensuring a hassle-free stay for every guest. The apartment is air-conditioned and boasts a private balcony that offers views of the city's quiet streets, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. For those seeking convenience, the property is equipped with full-day security, an ATM, and currency exchange services right on the premises.

The interior of the apartment is designed with comfort and style in mind. Guests will find a cozy bedroom, a sleek bathroom with a shower, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances, including a microwave and a fridge, making it easy to prepare meals. Additionally, a washing machine is available for guests' convenience, adding to the comforts of home.

Located near several of Tirana's must-see attractions, such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower, 4SeasonsGea invites guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, this apartment is a convenient choice for both short visits and extended stays.

4SeasonsGea, New Modern Apartment in Tirana, is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, combining the freedom of apartment living with the amenities of a premium accommodation.