---\ntitle: "4SeasonsGea , Cozy Studio In Central Position , Tirana"\ndescription: "4SeasonsGea Cozy Studio stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456391638.jpg?k=535317a70728af5e6e355da5908a95c045c99dc651f060c3185ef416d6fbe4d2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 4seasonsgea-cozy-studio-in-central-position-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Bërxolli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.326638\n  lng: 19.8139713\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 113\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456391638.jpg?k=535317a70728af5e6e355da5908a95c045c99dc651f060c3185ef416d6fbe4d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360633512.jpg?k=3b3437daa90ea03fb18e4aab16747582064e389dda30dbbfef85ac92c13b645e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360633729.jpg?k=4da6be378d9d181914882dcea7aa26a19a524c9fb17a983e941d762e3eed11cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360633397.jpg?k=6214da7d6aa77c399d60487bb70d2ca730c3aa4a7f5eccf3e89de97b60a79ad0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360620019.jpg?k=acfeb9f27fdc67bc84216d51e6e001c402e87bd8ae0bdc05142e0caede4f2b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360693483.jpg?k=66b09a46ca40a53e1d44d1ca7a789d40e5f455a1ee37c974a8a439dcfa89d565&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360625663.jpg?k=bc63834671aa6ca4d3770c19cfe2a314f228dcea3af75887aa68c949b06f6e32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456391080.jpg?k=d9413338d2ece9641e474fe87ed291797bc52cf36cf695cf5298d8d41b851202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456391307.jpg?k=8812ef90b89eea22dfee0d3992251cd41f2e0943bd4245970953d9c44fc3d451&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (22 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posta 150 m"\n  - "Makamona 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Keegan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“We had a fantastic stay. The inclusion of washing machines with provided detergent was incredibly convenient, and the balcony's foldable rack for drying clothes added to the practicality. The bed was comfortable, and the spacious layout of the...”"\n  - name: "Gazi"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“This was an excellent experience for us. The studio is in a very good location with good restaurants and top attractions. The studio is very modern with everything you need. It was very clean. What we loved most is the behavior of the staff. The...”"\n  - name: "Max"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect location with the main square only 5 min away (walking). Accommodation was very clean and stylish. Big supermarkt around the corner. Also the owner is very helpful. Would definitely stay here again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/4seasonsgea-cozy-studio-city-centre-ac-ba-wifi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis well-appointed studio is not just about its central location; it offers a haven of comfort with its modern amenities. Guests can enjoy a restful stay in a space that features a cozy bedroom, a clean and functional bathroom, and the convenience of bed linen and towels. The living area, equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, ensures entertainment is always at hand. A fully equipped kitchen allows for the preparation of home-cooked meals, adding a touch of homeliness to the travel experience. Moreover, the balcony presents an inviting space to unwind while taking in the captivating city views.

For those keen on immersing themselves in Tirana's history and culture, the apartment is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park. Its proximity to the National Museum of History Albania, less than 600 meters away, offers an insightful glimpse into the country's past.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the apartment's location, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, making 4SeasonsGea Cozy Studio an ideal base for both short-term visits and longer stays. Whether it's the allure of exploring Tirana's vibrant streets or the appeal of a comfortable, centrally-located accommodation, 4SeasonsGea Cozy Studio in Central Position, Tirana, stands out as a top choice for discerning travelers.