---\ntitle: "6 Milje Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Ksamil at the 6 Milje Hotel, a gem located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360758303.jpg?k=88dd8283fd8b45ad6977529f9565fcde612d80733789a873f6d6de80d8da7539&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 6-milje-hotel\naddress: "SH81 Lagjia Nr.1, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77071335\n  lng: 20.00432771\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 170\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360758303.jpg?k=88dd8283fd8b45ad6977529f9565fcde612d80733789a873f6d6de80d8da7539&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448861688.jpg?k=cded3cc71946ed36b588ff840085fded6384e2b7ee26352aae169ec1cf6ef2a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455157349.jpg?k=1d7aa3949d1a7964b5656555e2d9ef48042282d53d460125cf8943048c7907f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448861682.jpg?k=5fa2dfa7aa6ec7d590624344d0bc0384d71bd37a7e21f40819f4be3450f5ff28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455087304.jpg?k=536840a724ba7394ee496a5167ed9eb72cecaaeb5bae5950c9651fc32527fe28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455087305.jpg?k=414cbd0f0b74761797bedc6a1ee2f4bd79fb12cac0823bf944732e9b71549c91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360759428.jpg?k=21422a0f667a6071acf126334e911f102c0bd4a0783acb63af76477fd312c053&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455089194.jpg?k=99403d1ef547aa65f993a4e6b7f999f70e6bdac496453ab7b926a9250620455f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448866656.jpg?k=2196836fc300435e9272ea378beabffceb5095299444e66924f200d470f25262&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374174189.jpg?k=aafcd3457a2632def9f861a814463fac1f61e76bb6ad1761c9483f0d6dd2a96c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471800693.jpg?k=490ff9a08e25d9040fb1758eaf3bf2c521892b120676149d7d935cb13c8d2e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471800694.jpg?k=c0ab5e46566d889c0afe5dacee7d75c72c58b416572e96e508fcda340c18795f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agave 50 m"\n  - "Simple Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jacqueline"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Small room but Nice bar and very friendly staff. The location is very good”"\n  - name: "Troy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included and hotel was very clean and comfortable”"\n  - name: "Alexandru"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Perfect location for visiting Ksamil. The hotel is in the center of the city near good restaurants and just a 5-minute walk to the beach made it very convenient. The room was clean and staff was friendly. They speak perfect English and this is a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/6-milje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on providing modern conveniences in each room, including free WiFi to keep guests connected and a bar where they can unwind with a drink in hand. Select accommodations feature balconies that present breathtaking sea views, allowing guests to soak in the serene beauty of the surroundings from the comfort of their rooms.

Every guest room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a comfortable and productive stay. The private bathrooms come with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. For added convenience, rooms are also furnished with fresh bed linen and towels.

Morning risers are greeted with a choice of a buffet or continental breakfast, setting the perfect tone for the day ahead. The hotel's location makes it an ideal base for exploring Ksamil and engaging in a variety of activities such as hiking, fishing, and snorkeling, catering to the adventurous spirit of every traveler.

The multilingual staff at the reception, fluent in Greek, English, Spanish, and French, are always available to assist guests, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable stay. Nearby attractions include the vibrant Bora Bora Beach and the scenic Ksamil Beach 7 and 9, making it easy for guests to experience the best of the area.

Situated a mere 93 km from Corfu International Airport, 6 Milje Hotel serves as a perfect retreat for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Ksamil.