---\ntitle: "999 Apartments"\ndescription: "999 Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566952.jpg?k=a82106a7e6e36a60e4b2257e56ba33d0a04a32f858a2c375130ab49e14ab90d7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: 999-apartments\naddress: "Rruga At Shtjefën Gjeçovi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33397101\n  lng: 19.82866458\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566952.jpg?k=a82106a7e6e36a60e4b2257e56ba33d0a04a32f858a2c375130ab49e14ab90d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502743620.jpg?k=1f5a51f20eb75610cfa1ccfc2860b8a6a7e33163d692fd63e6c1aae50024c989&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507600869.jpg?k=e2241db1ae972501c7b5ca7fcf8be79b3e2070b40d88d1567b099498ffa91483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566948.jpg?k=58633e876b042d5bfa57d25c3e7c18c25fb7743c8cad77f7d4bca3aead9c0057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566958.jpg?k=19ad2f9a19e2a341a304fe4f5bc185aaae7c21f76bebdf01ccf085ced30cb524&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566937.jpg?k=981a66831cb2d3ddb8dcc3d0737dcbf452466f988ed18141d4eb2f209c079ccf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566947.jpg?k=adcb12168e6bb1fd691f01b2b552d27524753cbef883aab66843308691453653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504566959.jpg?k=c89ea0a87f0c2e9b1c1952b003d9d8eceb84f59bbfae6d4b9cd148594e49e6c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507600964.jpg?k=20c4f4b8e5ca5c5aa945860659161ff50ef0eb350466c27e03515b7cf2fdca2f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Korani 100 m"\n  - "Juliet 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ergi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very pleased with the stay and service here. As a picky person I'd say the place is very clean and quiet. Totally happy with this choice. I recommend it ✨”"\n  - name: "Artjan"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The location was perfect Everything was clean and the apartment is very comfort. I also enjoy the balcony and work there with view. The host is very positive and always responded 😊”"\n  - name: "Enis"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The location was perfect
The parking was very helpful for me.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/999-apartments-elisa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests can expect to find a balcony that adds a touch of openness, a fully equipped kitchen ready for culinary adventures, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment and practical needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine in every unit. The private bathrooms are modern, featuring walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. Moreover, the inclusion of a fridge, stovetop, kitchenware, and a coffee machine in each apartment allows guests the freedom to dine in as they please. To further enhance the stay, bed linen and towels are provided, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free experience.

999 Apartments does not just excel in providing excellent accommodations; its proximity to notable attractions adds to its appeal. Guests have easy access to Tanners' Bridge, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, 999 Apartments offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a highly recommended stay for those looking to explore Tirana's charms.