---\ntitle: "A&B Apartment"\ndescription: "A&B Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Golem, located just a short stroll from the pristine Golem Beach and within easy reach of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318235.jpg?k=7e8ec938af90658e9927c892a3b7b5391b8e55e6e2aaaf1ec1b1d7ec07161299&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: a-b-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Gjuzeve, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25960169\n  lng: 19.5243775\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318235.jpg?k=7e8ec938af90658e9927c892a3b7b5391b8e55e6e2aaaf1ec1b1d7ec07161299&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318291.jpg?k=ddb52a2f72fea2ed1c05f974f5eb47b37392b491356a6674458e3c8570682caa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460447701.jpg?k=e20f9f9a328f0df9df7d4d14a7b087814d49aae35a7ebe34af3de8ce27cb90bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318188.jpg?k=e2c73b43934bea02ab5325ddb7d68d8f51a71e09043fc9ef7266870916237475&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318280.jpg?k=51740b7265ba49e119b43f8ebe27a932768fdcaa2727da3b5710f4f87f5c171b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318253.jpg?k=fcea378a25819e8bb6b5254509540c2bfb16090fa3894bb09f37e195fd52cf17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318258.jpg?k=7c3b66dd35b0320b5b3c0f54bd7b39260fca910fd29bee13654ac16daa69aea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365318305.jpg?k=c15e8dbd1eab583f567c707028a10a714da148b24dd9e1e9e5d5029160985422&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460452221.jpg?k=5e49ef58cb2a7f6612c083fd410790aaf508739c1a6a9aa8f2fed75daec78e72&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (178 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 100 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 800 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arlinda"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was nice. Very good organization. Nice place and the apartment was very very clean. We had a great communication with the host. It’s comfortable for a family. Great location! We are very satisfied!”"\n  - name: "Mirza"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Staff very nice and helpful. Excellent location.
Very good and spacious accommodation, comfortable bed, big bathroom.
Recommendations”"\n  - name: "Cahani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was in perfect shape and we enjoyed our staying I'm sure that I will visit again”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/a-amp-b-apartment-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities and thoughtful touches. It boasts a spacious bedroom, a well-appointed bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The dining space, complemented by a fully equipped kitchen, allows guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy their meals in the comfort of their accommodation. Perhaps most notably, the apartment offers a terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views, enhancing the dining experience with an outdoor area that invites guests to dine al fresco while soaking in the city's beauty. Designed with allergy sufferers and noise sensitivity in mind, the apartment ensures a comfortable stay by being both allergy-free and soundproof.

For those looking to venture further, Mali I Robit Beach is accessible within a mere 2 km, while the historic Skanderbeg Square awaits 44 km away, promising a blend of leisure and culture. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 38 km from A&B Apartment, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service to facilitate stress-free arrivals and departures.

In essence, A&B Apartment offers a blend of modern comforts, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Golem.