---\ntitle: "A&X Central Apartment"\ndescription: "A&X Central Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520796997.jpg?k=f1aa89dea56dce0b39fdafdbee1d966be6ab41ff63ac0dadd792177f6832a6f5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: a-x-central-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33282049\n  lng: 19.81852501\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520796997.jpg?k=f1aa89dea56dce0b39fdafdbee1d966be6ab41ff63ac0dadd792177f6832a6f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509826027.jpg?k=a5cde2d2637ba07d3b5d2fd9905077f7f0c7204d123bbe2da3836b6ba55f7aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508219988.jpg?k=bad4b3c26d6c9cfaa0800af1e7d0b5000b3b5048bec026cc0f993d92e21c7a56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522344959.jpg?k=d059f319a51320b1dce1151a5f9ec53ba0a11fdcfc6f6be3abf21d86c360bfb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509826033.jpg?k=c588352b8a39faf4e7b3d194dc0c626839d37399d05a825f2bdc4721aebb9aeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522121522.jpg?k=2b255b07871d6c64904e951d0f736d51ba96a1bba4dbe3443881c418e8acae87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509826001.jpg?k=9a65eb1e293705c34ad7734312e18bdf35faed3a09f166456774631691e84bec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522607530.jpg?k=1babc10ad0bc1e7d7b4dfa1e477696da60b8b40f4f4336add1011c2d55de728d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509826011.jpg?k=657ba129d93bf765b1f72ba5313f2d49ecd3d9cfbfb0c2d9e02d117a5e760f75&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (90 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Magic Hand 100 m"\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maide"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Cleanliness, location, size, temperature, and the facilities of the house were very good. I gave full points. 👍🏻”"\n  - name: "Prabhakaran"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The stay was very good. The property was very cllean and the staff was really good and cooperative”"\n  - name: "Busra"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“ev sahibi cok ilgiliydi cok yardimci oldu tesekkur ederiz”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/a-amp-x-central-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nMerely a stone's throw away from the Toptani Shopping Centre, and within walking distance to the Clock Tower Tirana and Et'hem Bey Mosque, the apartment's location ensures that guests are never far from the action. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, a popular attraction offering breathtaking views of the city, is just 5 km away, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the picturesque Rock of Kavaje are also easily accessible.

The apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, featuring a flat-screen TV, a comfortable bedroom, and a cozy living room. The air-conditioned space also boasts a fully equipped kitchen, catering to the needs of those who prefer to prepare their meals. Moreover, the entire apartment is a non-smoking area, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. The proximity to Skanderbeg Square, the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves, adds to the appeal, providing a cultural feast for visitors.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment is conveniently located just 13 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

A&X Central Apartment stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the culture and excitement of Tirana, offering a comfortable and convenient base from which to explore this dynamic city.