---\ntitle: "Absolut Vollga"\ndescription: "Absolut Vollga emerges as a prime beachfront gem in Durrës, boasting an enviable position just 200 meters from Currila Beach and a short distance from the vibrant Kallmi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385283220.jpg?k=65100341c0b860f2e064e9c791febafc9b0b96ba80d3893c88b0ba49fb3646b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: absolut-vollga\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3101368\n  lng: 19.44367807\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385283220.jpg?k=65100341c0b860f2e064e9c791febafc9b0b96ba80d3893c88b0ba49fb3646b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385283262.jpg?k=aabd3be872e5caf601a8bf168f000f15680ab95c9ece14947afdc5d26252ce8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387665057.jpg?k=abfedd3faee48fe5e06d806de0d82861d52f6530a0cd47f401567da34202a43e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387665432.jpg?k=f0be62edcfbb7573f18b1c24d5941c34b53f4a624b55aa219b0c543a52f103ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387665300.jpg?k=1645307a810bb8d5538fd373d9c170ad380f73d5d997c21a6f54497c2659115d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387659179.jpg?k=6912412a932ec5762d7a83f3b5345e921ae96299daf8483c0184d0feb46e1881&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385283265.jpg?k=85f0e0d8a32efbb78611682d686f0389c048e13c36c04d92c2a4c6bebebb2cee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387664918.jpg?k=a285772a127406e01c18bae5b7c5ae5b68f0862cb0178ec972d8cee00be181ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387665580.jpg?k=2db9a8f008a78d1ec953c8a842c370f5f58bb478ac57b704311e6b568f88f107&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cinnabon Durres 50 m"\n  - "Pastarella Durres 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 200 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 900 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florian"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice, modern flat right by the beach promenade with beautiful views. The owner put a lot of effort into decorating the flat and everything seems good quality. The beds are super comfortable and the entire flat was very clean.”"\n  - name: "Jordy"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The appartement is really clean and modern. Everything is taking w”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Amazing view. Located close to city center and beach. Spacious apartment. Nice balcony. Good working AC in every room.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/absolut-vollga-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe spacious apartment at Absolut Vollga is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, offering two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen. The highlight of the accommodation is undoubtedly the balcony, where guests can savor meals in an outdoor dining area while soaking in the picturesque city views. For entertainment, a satellite flat-screen TV ensures guests have access to a wide range of channels. The apartment also features two bathrooms, complete with a walk-in shower and a bidet, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Absolut Vollga provides several amenities to enhance the guest experience. A shared kitchen and a lift add to the convenience, while currency exchange services on-site ensure international travelers have one less thing to worry about. The property is committed to offering a smoke-free environment, catering to the health and comfort of all guests.

For relaxation, the on-site lounge serves as a perfect spot to unwind after a day of exploration. Additionally, a minimarket within the property allows guests to easily grab essentials without having to venture far. For those keen on exploring the surrounding area, Absolut Vollga facilitates adventure by offering car rental services, with hiking opportunities readily available for the more active guests.

Situated 39 km from Skanderbeg Square and 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Absolut Vollga presents an excellent base for exploring the wider Durrës area. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 33 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze for international guests.

In summary, Absolut Vollga is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a blend of comfort, convenience, and memorable experiences, making it a top choice for travelers visiting Durrës.