---\ntitle: "Absolute Blloku Apartment"\ndescription: "Absolute Blloku Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184952305.jpg?k=5460dcd73727ba3804d1bc71fd8ac7d3003ab30e889b9ca9efbff7ca149304c9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: absolute-blloku-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Tupe 17 Godina 6, Apartamenti 6, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31950067\n  lng: 19.81586382\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184952305.jpg?k=5460dcd73727ba3804d1bc71fd8ac7d3003ab30e889b9ca9efbff7ca149304c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141129410.jpg?k=5568ca7dd0d28e808a491f9ce0c18101da76f654c7736168acc9d2899c41c925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139938771.jpg?k=45b51472bc8d1dbaa4e2ec387108f1c11fd8cd5281a4c1c711a0bdebcfb43286&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184952785.jpg?k=e9b8a1c7d2b4270ada2d6f1ea0240d4ac94f232da21a9315b22bd08930a44450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139330308.jpg?k=4896db5847304bac1e20dd793750b7c35ba934a381509d4806459e417c55ad72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139330309.jpg?k=a2d827f19e5312c3e8c06bebbe19f9feebe540aaa852c89caa4c5268ac91a9ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150962316.jpg?k=5c7f1bc3d863326e91514a27ad75db153e0907733828d9a8efe73ed294e30f87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141130155.jpg?k=a5de4ea7bde50bf0cca6517f6bcad3f30f706115a319b6dff4e18e5034a2c5f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140394417.jpg?k=00c64010fcdab1e25e927b5409139772921329e4d906ac00d733f2636d708777&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (102 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fior di Panna 40 m"\n  - "Ama Caffè 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ardiola"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Every thing was amazing. You have everything you need.I recommend it 100%”"\n  - name: "Kamila"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“This is a nice, cosy apartment with perfect location. Well equipped kitchen, comfortable beds. Perfect host, always in touch, ready to help you. Strongly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Konstantinos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“everything was perfect .the welcome of the owner of the flat.he provides us with all the proper things we use in our house”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/absolute-cozy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Absolute Blloku Apartment are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a secure environment with full-day security and the convenience of room service, ensuring a worry-free experience. Connectivity is never an issue, thanks to free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Practical needs are well catered to with an on-site ATM, minimarket, and currency exchange service, making for a seamless stay.

The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. It comprises a bedroom, a living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and a coffee machine, catering to all culinary needs. The bathroom is equipped with a walk-in shower and bathrobes, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Guests are welcomed into their private haven with thoughtful touches such as wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies, setting the stage for a memorable stay. Additionally, an outdoor dining area provides the perfect backdrop for al fresco meals.

For those looking to enjoy the outdoors, the apartment complex offers a picnic area, ideal for soaking up the sun or enjoying a meal amidst nature.

Absolute Blloku Apartment is also conveniently located near several of Tirana's attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, making it an excellent base for exploring the city's rich history and culture. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service for easy transfers.

In summary, Absolute Blloku Apartment presents a compelling option for those looking to experience Tirana's vibrant city life while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed, strategically located accommodation.