---\ntitle: "Absolute Cozy Studio"\ndescription: "Absolute Cozy Studio emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224490883.jpg?k=f4cd2767092413a743f7bf54dca90d24b551affce006e2243f5647fa7489cee5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: absolute-cozy-studio\naddress: "Str: Zef Jubani in front of School-Deshmoret e Lirise Building 15 Apartment 33 Floor 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31687351\n  lng: 19.81336274\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224490883.jpg?k=f4cd2767092413a743f7bf54dca90d24b551affce006e2243f5647fa7489cee5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236460191.jpg?k=c5cdfc91b67a3e67179252458b6c5225a574434d7c49775cc2ddf5273490daa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224509844.jpg?k=270ddbcbf49bd36d4962c61315a026c407fa43b0865650f26296197c237a6f72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224502390.jpg?k=3b8d2dc49ddf087c3f873c6746c6972e84f4a386bc7f4dd1266da7dff33a6bf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224377629.jpg?k=c92ed8221345f38d1913ef7e1f5e2f1fd16c68fe82fb2aba249ec87902d57464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224505335.jpg?k=157b8c0f5a808699c760e459a78d646420d14bdc0a51777d177a363038af66bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236460687.jpg?k=b222fa047a95f32e31c2dadf22738b94b76b8e6e573f9e75d023f618e0f274ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224507988.jpg?k=d96c2bd0d55be98572211dc397040f93d455c5290d56ce5480708c67b08ff8fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224354389.jpg?k=c9ba42f02a1af2ab8c3752229a7cf8d558eafd19db74dde73adaa3dcb1716dbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224502374.jpg?k=175fff780331840e3d7ba2250072d683f958638bae695cc1de697598593cd91d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224492552.jpg?k=16bf34c8521739affba312698873f931b6602e79f15fdf31542fe25683f0a2ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224377659.jpg?k=cabbe9bd50c0d49ab51a5e2f0100d4635a9c93b7b9197a140be20bb63afc8385&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (101 Mbps)"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\n  - "Kripe Dhe Piper 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leslie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I was very impressed by the quality and well appointed furnishings of the flat. We enjoyed a very comfortable weekend. Our host was very prompt and helpful explaining the workings of the flat.”"\n  - name: "Mikea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is perfect. Friendly owner. Very clean and comfortable apartment.”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The Studio was clean and comfortable. Quiet and convenient location. Would recommend to anyone who is going to stay in Tirana.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/absolute-cozy-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis accommodation doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive experience. Guests are welcomed into a space that boasts a modern flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, and the essential washing machine, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The bathroom features a walk-in shower, adding a touch of luxury to the practical layout. Upon arrival, visitors are greeted with the thoughtful touch of fruits, chocolates, or cookies, setting the tone for a stay that prioritizes guest comfort and satisfaction. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the appeal for those seeking a fresh and clean atmosphere.

For convenience, the building is equipped with an elevator, ensuring easy access to the apartment. Financial transactions are made effortless with an onsite ATM and currency exchange service. When it comes to dining, the snack bar offers quick bites, and a minimarket caters to any last-minute needs.

Absolute Cozy Studio is not just about the amenities within; its location places guests at the doorstep of Tirana's cultural heartbeat. The apartment is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, inviting guests to explore the rich history and vibrant life of the city. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Absolute Cozy Studio stands out as a top-tier choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity that is hard to match.