---\ntitle: "Absolute Hotel Ksamil"\ndescription: "Absolute Hotel Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by stunning sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472489402.jpg?k=1e5d869b1d2f2b71866e01091ae75c9d92782261202bee87848b8cf991891ad2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: absolute-hotel-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Apollonia 9, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76682746\n  lng: 20.00008693\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472489402.jpg?k=1e5d869b1d2f2b71866e01091ae75c9d92782261202bee87848b8cf991891ad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470027955.jpg?k=21efa9ac320e87a27c353db7d7872158401459d1a67595fe638af0cfd6db2889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438204592.jpg?k=c1c325b25167c77f290c98e27f01e0fb8955c98d7d5908685cdac3377e3278c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472489483.jpg?k=f68caa474844b607cc5f8a0a63f9646cdc97afaa8be688d807e0a24fd745a060&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438204297.jpg?k=7f960da3dab8b4c446df2e2ce7e6e7a5a9836a100e254ea1e2ee4a337370c1d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474396313.jpg?k=90491fb2788137d1d368a4eb0db410b92bd06a6d9c380503d20ac32260e22c57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474396636.jpg?k=45ec554d4b1facaab10055bd847d3cf647c5bfecdb548e24659db3c5a59bddb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467634836.jpg?k=2aa439810ad733c5539aca245ca38e155585efd26fd1d02b2082f796548f2848&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474396917.jpg?k=78479453632844ab82e161a5c715a76d3e6de8ce8ea35a93c1c2f2218cd8400c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Pool View"\n  - "Triple Room with Pool View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Pulbardha Beach Ksamil 30 m"\n  - "Xhimi 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 200 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was immaculate. Breakfast was lovely and healthy and the family rooms had two balconies with a living room which was lovely. The bathroom was modern and clean and fresh towels and sheets daily. 5 mins walk to the most beautiful beaches...”"\n  - name: "Hanna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The hotel is brand new, the design is nice, very close to the beach, very decent breakfast, staff was friendly, comfy beds and we just loved it very much! It was a great value for money.”"\n  - name: "Rachel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic hotel. Great location and facilities - staff were very friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/niku-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe highlight of the hotel is undoubtedly its outdoor swimming pool, complete with a pool bar and an exhilarating water slide, offering both relaxation and fun for all ages. For families, the addition of a kids' pool guarantees that younger guests are not left out of the aquatic enjoyment.

Accommodations at Absolute Hotel Ksamil are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring flat-screen TVs with satellite channels for entertainment in every room. The convenience of a private bathroom equipped with a bath and a hair dryer, alongside the benefit of complimentary WiFi, ensures that guests' needs are met with the utmost attention to detail. Moreover, the option of soundproof units speaks to the hotel's commitment to providing a serene and undisturbed retreat.

An on-site bar adds to the allure, offering a cozy spot for guests to unwind after a day of exploration or sunbathing. 

The hotel's location is ideal for beach enthusiasts, with Paradise Beach just 600 meters away and Lori Beach a short 700 meters distance, making it easy for guests to experience the area's renowned coastal beauty. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making Absolute Hotel Ksamil a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Absolute Hotel Ksamil stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to enhance the guest experience. From its strategic location to its comprehensive amenities, this hotel promises a stay that is both enjoyable and unforgettable.