---\ntitle: "Ada’s house"\ndescription: "Ada's House emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371589919.jpg?k=228004fbe0509cdc852bda5bdd43693decbd7af7b871d3056ee1b1e2ef6eda04&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ada-s-house\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, Lagja 13, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.313762\n  lng: 19.47726442\nprice: "US$103"\npriceFrom: 103\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371589919.jpg?k=228004fbe0509cdc852bda5bdd43693decbd7af7b871d3056ee1b1e2ef6eda04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478009753.jpg?k=1fef45de4ec71746b74002a5641db5293d9f5bce58e62673e964831d3a59e92f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371591126.jpg?k=c2f8ae487d8a1d77445768ba4a38de31ce982c7c420070225428345f4223e2aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479481418.jpg?k=88f1efe717ffae52d6d90e599ab510fb035586cb4aad0e8255f4ec1e7782b01d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479481339.jpg?k=a25607b3c55f198763257942ec4c5ea17a95b5bd799ee55cdeb7f3447df42858&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381507611.jpg?k=510a156d03ac861c2ef85cf8970243cd6f313d1532311ce5c12c32e5dd599d92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478223194.jpg?k=6b8a5bc0aa27a2af8c93950563795f8ad3099c8115c910d4f8b344145eca5756&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478009729.jpg?k=f250b448af0d2b8a16670ffaaa4b759b7dca9c69c7e241b3379d5b0e4d886f1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479481231.jpg?k=ec2cded4df2aff644fc409f43125a711905818de9b7d92ce759f7f8eee3c1dfa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Recep Tayyip Erdogan 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Mira Mare 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dwayne"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Lovely, comfortable, and spacious penthouse-style apartment in the port of Durres! The apartment fulfilled our needs and was ideally located near the beach, cafés and restaurants. The communication between the host was very well, and the breakfast...”"\n  - name: "Iza"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Mieszkanie na 12 pietrze - widok cudny z tarasu na ktorym jest basen. Kuchnia dobrze wyposazona. Personel rewelacja - czekali ma nas w nocy, dolozyli czajnik i 2 wsntylatory”"\n  - name: "Iza"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Dobra lokalizacja, obok autobus do centrum Durres. Plaza z parasolami przez ulicę - bardzo duzo ludzi. Mieszkanie na 12 pietrze - widok cudny z tarasu na ktorym jest basen. Kuchnia dobrze wyposazona. Personel rewelacja - czekali ma nas w nocy,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adas-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. The kitchen is well-equipped with an oven and a fridge, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV in a cozy seating area, making it a perfect spot for unwinding. The convenience of a bathroom equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment elevates the experience with additional touches such as the option of wine or champagne, adding a hint of luxury to the stay.

For convenience, the property includes a lift and a minimarket, ensuring that guests' needs are promptly met without having to leave the comfort of Ada's House. An on-site bar presents an inviting option for evening relaxation or socializing.

Located just 300 meters from Durres Beach, the apartment offers easy access to one of the area's most beautiful beaches. For those looking to explore further, Skanderbeg Square is within a manageable distance, located 37 km away. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 31 km away, makes Ada's House an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Durrës.