---\ntitle: "Ada’s Home Pogradec"\ndescription: "Ada’s Home Pogradec emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376723821.jpg?k=ee2a1aa60637b92c9922c05bf6de8e9d59c5159c3f2a4f3a10c6380a2e88a972&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ada-s-home-pogradec\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90434025\n  lng: 20.65473343\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376723821.jpg?k=ee2a1aa60637b92c9922c05bf6de8e9d59c5159c3f2a4f3a10c6380a2e88a972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376723787.jpg?k=9c401eeb758bce3203baab72865cdeb118329767e0e0232821786d759f78d5e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376719134.jpg?k=ddcddb54695b8286def81fc6d49250f10f9f7d14f95b812e812b0e6c2fad53c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376719497.jpg?k=ab44a7cef951abdb6ed06db9813263d1096f801bf1763b96d41ada4e27776361&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376724766.jpg?k=1473fa1c6156c57163932834a769597f2d2bb02b442244a2dbd583abe1acacf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376723733.jpg?k=8d3603588dc2247c96e4cfedc7628bbbd8d118294ab39d2b746c21ebe6557d5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376723851.jpg?k=405eae8e5a407f4d37291d1e6fa23a818c499102c0c1ab6205b8f501cd943467&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376719845.jpg?k=93e449f2971f89171d8022920cee9d64f231266c89623dd7cb2a7908bb9fa74b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376719678.jpg?k=d5e62b89549788a309bad10075275dec144e50666d72a0ef0f122cc6ddfa7832&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 8 m"\n  - "Bakery Kosovari 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gazmend"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was a very spacious and comfortable house, especially for a family of 5. We liked the location and the accommodation. Very short distance from the city centre. The hostess was very friendly and helpful to us.”"\n  - name: "Katerina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location, very close to the center and at the same time a quiet area.
Good value for money, quite clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The house was super close to the lake and to all the main attractions!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adas-home-pogradec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nFollowing a comprehensive renovation, Ada’s Home Pogradec invites guests into a world of modern comfort. The apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The heart of this home away from home is undoubtedly its fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher and an oven, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals as they please. The inclusion of a bathroom complete with a bidet, slippers, and a washing machine adds a layer of convenience, while the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the attention to detail that characterizes this property.

One of the apartment's most captivating features is the breathtaking mountain views it offers, serving as a constant reminder of the natural beauty that envelops Pogradec. For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment adds an element of ease to travel plans.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to significant landmarks, including the Cave Church Archangel Michael, the Early Christian Basilica, and the Church of St. John at Kaneo. Moreover, the Monastery Saint Naum, located just a short drive away, presents an opportunity to delve into the spiritual heritage of the region.

Ada’s Home Pogradec is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to discovering the hidden gems of Pogradec, all while offering a peaceful and comfortable stay. With its non-smoking policy and commitment to providing a serene environment, it stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality in the heart of one of Albania's most picturesque locales.