---\ntitle: "ADAM APARTMENTS"\ndescription: "ADAM APARTMENTS in Sarandë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by breathtaking views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357079198.jpg?k=497301c932633509420fa31c442fe283e700e25cefe2387d00ae48bf7ffef629&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: adam-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87424146\n  lng: 20.01388442\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357079198.jpg?k=497301c932633509420fa31c442fe283e700e25cefe2387d00ae48bf7ffef629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479820002.jpg?k=8bfdc4a184bcf81c2b53938ed3853232a196a1e3c989c215ce1210ed9ab4e9e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479820156.jpg?k=dea622a7bd4070b07ac49687cf57e80b613e4ba0ef6085a68d2104daa1f97121&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469133018.jpg?k=50ef1bd7e501263df88298ea5aad7687f873268b9ad4493b7bd7c9f6f76854df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469133120.jpg?k=7ccc0289886594d50adedb37a8b2f2d07ae263b4cc6b5fd842fe0df0fad8d302&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469132931.jpg?k=4389434b0a245f99145050857397b1f4863f2cf49372a87ca71a0f772f906864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479820042.jpg?k=b14808d744cdf03dd0a78e1a79cd6425bdc9a708e8dd5e87c608b580f694420e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357079219.jpg?k=340e5e2ea7267e3cd39807757c44bfb2a420184886216441adc7a491a1c14d3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357079214.jpg?k=2e312068d5d012be27f15146d16897d79c4b6965d0e7f2e0b909cf96a2225880&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Brasseria da Franco 150 m"\n  - "Haxhi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 150 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 650 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Great apartment, nice view. Clean and big living room and bedroom. The best choice for us!”"\n  - name: "Giatro"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Great view. Everything was much better than I expected. The room was big and comfortable..value for money. I will visit again for sure.”"\n  - name: "Jarle"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Needed a night in Sarande on short notice, and these apartments had a room available to book on the same day. Clean and comfortable rooms. Our favorite part was the private pool with a lounge area which we had completely to ourselves in the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adam-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation doesn't stop at visual delights. Each apartment is thoughtfully equipped with a bedroom, a bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment at any time of the day. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to those who prefer home-cooked meals, with the option of outdoor dining to enhance the experience. The terrace, offering expansive sea views, serves as the perfect backdrop for both relaxation and meals. Ensuring utmost privacy, each apartment features its own entrance, allowing guests to feel as though they have their own personal retreat.

Situated conveniently, ADAM APARTMENTS is a mere 1.6 km from Maestral Beach, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For those inclined towards exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is accessible at 16 km, offering a glimpse into the ancient past amidst stunning landscapes. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 96 km away, making the apartments a feasible option for international travelers.

ADAM APARTMENTS stands out as a stellar accommodation choice in Sarandë, promising a stay that combines the comforts of home with the beauty and excitement of the Albanian coast.