---\ntitle: "Adore - Modern Apartment"\ndescription: "Adore - Modern Apartment emerges as a freshly updated gem in the heart of Tirana, boasting proximity to iconic landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and Rinia Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217476.jpg?k=e39fd720635c3bdc8af92b7044bbce8124c0f696c191623ac9439c113df4ea3a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: adore-modern-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32511871\n  lng: 19.80361846\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217476.jpg?k=e39fd720635c3bdc8af92b7044bbce8124c0f696c191623ac9439c113df4ea3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217669.jpg?k=9e137976eedc85dbcae0ba7d5cd72e0344a9e129f3d37fef2d47823b268dad9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217651.jpg?k=bba710a94ae6cea3c9c0909c8ea8fb508c3f84a545e96175a6915f6796645fd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217673.jpg?k=09afb5f8925ea5711e87aa6ddebe83509bec1f5236f9c7311dad814297e7d639&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217692.jpg?k=53ba4267f77042f6f7134b739d8c0e0cace968cd927e3b424ef31d48f04cdb5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217702.jpg?k=17d8ded61ec9b0e68ccebdac6fc29474b58901a876415a61c9d45a6836764052&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217455.jpg?k=91cbd7824cd086ca4c7d7694b083328fb37f653702514118dfb2c0902a66e83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217662.jpg?k=344294246aa1463a566752a6f4b21aeef11a66febf5f2aaaed2fd6679c133779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434217460.jpg?k=5af71a8b05680568ce0369969c40e6d1e2a46dd79b2f61ad6d46be3249181fc8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantazia 20 m"\n  - "Mulliri i Vjeter 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Charlotte"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Easy check in. Super modern and clean appartment. 15min walk to the centre of Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Fahad"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“The owner was great and helpful.
The apartment was clean and tidy.”"\n  - name: "Lukinas_2000"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Thery nice apartment, superfast internet, good location.
We really enjoyed the stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adore-modern-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spacious modern living, offering two bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room, ensuring privacy and comfort. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen, towels, and the luxury of a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those evenings in. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen provide all the necessities for a home-cooked meal, while the balcony offers serene garden views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Air-conditioning ensures a comfortable stay regardless of the weather, and the soundproofing of the apartment guarantees a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. For those looking to explore further, the apartment facilitates airport transfers and car rental services, adding an extra layer of convenience to your travel plans.

Notably, Adore - Modern Apartment is situated within easy reach of other must-visit sites, including the House of Leaves, Reja - The Cloud, and the Clock Tower Tirana, placing guests at the center of cultural exploration. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment stands as a beacon of accessibility and comfort for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana.