---\ntitle: "Adore Apartment City Center"\ndescription: "Adore Apartment City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modernity in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503926186.jpg?k=a23d121193011bbe2ee4031fbf8fd9b1322cfaf8c45ba1d7bedd99e1a3d30d30&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: adore-apartment-city-center\naddress: "Rruga e Saraçëve, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33235606\n  lng: 19.82284843\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503926186.jpg?k=a23d121193011bbe2ee4031fbf8fd9b1322cfaf8c45ba1d7bedd99e1a3d30d30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503926185.jpg?k=fdfaeceaf3a59d434902431871b10e26df6cfcc5dd959694e7e5b06d772e81b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500792478.jpg?k=83768378ef3e4e050b3a223517494f906f34811fec8717e5698314d0c3104b43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501417902.jpg?k=84d7f0be16b07b1aa28867a76e4befbf25c4a460d6f857e98436fb778179fa14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501417712.jpg?k=ff8582d9d57084cd4c389776585beb98a8a57b3ddb07a138a702a3d5777c187c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501425727.jpg?k=2085c0d2ccc8aa5ceb901662856c86e738a9d169de91d633b9fcc075e40f03c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500792468.jpg?k=5dfe97e1ed9c0b7f7100aa77e2e5298826118046f7b6e4aa3c9d62933b76ffcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500792466.jpg?k=54121cad77e15dd2e88863f0de14b0448f81af197ae20580aff42ed471081d91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501417827.jpg?k=cc719015d5c4d4b019823a3672960cfc43f266cba61436ace74ee40444eae9b5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Observator 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Tujani 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albania"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“super shtepi te gjitha kushtet lokacioni ne qender e paster korrekt mirkpritja shum e mir kam ngelur shum i kenaqur !!”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento accogliente e di gran gusto. A soli pochi passi dal centro”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adore-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment boasts a contemporary design with a focus on guest comfort. The air-conditioned unit includes a spacious bedroom, a well-appointed living room with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that offers captivating city views. The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances, including an oven and a microwave, catering to guests' culinary needs. Additionally, the apartment features a bathroom with a bath and a separate shower, complemented by a dressing room for added convenience. Emphasizing health and wellness, the apartment is designated as allergy-free and strictly non-smoking.

Security is a top priority, with full-day security services and luggage storage options available, ensuring a worry-free stay for guests. For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises adds to the convenience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a blend of cultural experiences and retail therapy. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making Adore Apartment City Center a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.