---\ntitle: "Adriatic Apartments Albania"\ndescription: "Adriatic Apartments Albania emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107925294.jpg?k=2db1e985e60ff5a944b09ab6e712589cda0df6003b135548881084043cf9d8a3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: adriatic-apartments-albania\naddress: "Tek Shkembi I Kavajes Prane Hotel Andi, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26965302\n  lng: 19.51956048\nprice: "US$208"\npriceFrom: 208\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107925294.jpg?k=2db1e985e60ff5a944b09ab6e712589cda0df6003b135548881084043cf9d8a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103786085.jpg?k=af6170766aee0ec7a92b1b69fd9efadfcb508c463d60d37d965419ad0c8aa6bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104796100.jpg?k=ba123076bfbbad038f5f98b3851282bbaba2cbbc7594a601ee2954a317b2ac88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103786040.jpg?k=0ea86d6c77fb0e46724012433bd0b25e0b34988a0e382e489aca54668af44d16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103780285.jpg?k=21285b9a5efd6dc3f7272da53f377db7f775b233c509a6a525d7cd838fa55afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107925295.jpg?k=0027b5426fe7c731b14b630cc40496a7a84c33c8aae7191df1e0d1d9f6a4e578&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 150 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 450 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.4 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tetiana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“What we liked most is the feeling as if we were home. And Ergis for sure should take the credit for it - we received a lot of his attention, time and care. We were really welcome and taken care of.
Besides, we were staying at a spacious...”"\n  - name: "Zdenek"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice and pleasant. Owner perfect. We will definitely come again”"\n  - name: "Stolic"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Kada covjek prvi put krene sa predrasudama ne treba ga biti sramota da kaze koliko je pogrjesio. Svaka preporuka i na lokaciju za one koji se upute u pravcu Draca i Golema ovo je sigurno najbolji dio za odmor. Ko voli guzvu iz apartmana lijevo a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adriatic-apartments-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Adriatic Apartments Albania are treated to well-appointed units, each featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and essential appliances such as an oven, toaster, fridge, and kettle, ensures that guests have everything they need to feel at home. Moreover, the provision of a safety deposit box, private bathroom complete with a bidet, slippers, and hair dryer, along with the thoughtful addition of bed linen and towels, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort and convenience.

Dining at the property is a delightful experience, with a family-friendly restaurant serving up exquisite Italian cuisine for lunch and dinner, catering to a variety of palates.

For those looking to explore the local area, Adriatic Apartments Albania does not disappoint. The property is ideally located for guests to enjoy popular activities such as cycling and fishing. Furthermore, the convenience of bike and car hire services on-site, along with a babysitting service, ensures a hassle-free and enjoyable stay for all guests.

Situated just 2.1 km from Durres Beach and within easy reach of Skanderbeg Square, 43 km away, the property is also conveniently located 37 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure seamless travel arrangements.

With its strategic location, comprehensive facilities, and dedication to guest satisfaction, Adriatic Apartments Albania stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Durrës, whether for leisure or adventure.