---\ntitle: "Adriatik Hotel, BW Premier Collection"\ndescription: "Adriatik Hotel, BW Premier Collection, emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and convenience, mere steps away from the pristine shores and only 5 km from the vibrant heart of Durres."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101097242.jpg?k=0c6af1938fb52f79168765eb79c9f62f1a326f89704d9f4daa30c1941fb74626&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: adriatik-hotel-bw-premier-collection\naddress: "Lagja 13 Plazh, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30515222\n  lng: 19.4910619\nprice: "US$98"\npriceFrom: 98\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 317\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101097242.jpg?k=0c6af1938fb52f79168765eb79c9f62f1a326f89704d9f4daa30c1941fb74626&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242392959.jpg?k=f998a47d504b2920e9cd386b9989186748565d81489b6cd491edc2061bd3b206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242388159.jpg?k=b1721fb18815ebef98d9e0411d86392f95f9a2c387fc0053923f6e57175cfefc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242392877.jpg?k=c3fe7e211d46c401cc004e95cb80eb36197c3e2b613288c0b18b8d3934f2ff9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290171152.jpg?k=a9c9e20970bf3887b9a8bcf5b90f7a2b96a641d2182e5be7a5d157768224e6e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242763819.jpg?k=e38d9786df873cb61383f02f09727d4642fbfbd844e761f65cac8e4cf2b69451&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools (1 open)"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room with Pool View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room - Disability Access"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room with Corner Sea View"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Executive King Room with Sofa Bed"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera 50 m"\n  - "Sofra E Kosoves Sari&Nesi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 40 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Recently, I had the pleasure of experiencing the epitome of luxury at Adriatik Hotel. The seamless check-in process paved the way for a stay marked by sophistication and opulence. The artistic design of my room, complemented by panoramic views of...”"\n  - name: "Louise"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Exceptional! Second visit & highly recommend! From check-in to check-out 5* service. Spotlessly clean, gorgeous design of jacuzzi room, superb sea.views, delicious food & attentive service.”"\n  - name: "Ejona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I recently had the pleasure of staying at Adriatik Hotel, BW Premier Collection, and my experience was truly exceptional. Kudos to the attentive and friendly staff who made my stay memorable. Their professionalism and willingness to go the extra...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adriatik.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Adriatik Hotel are designed with comfort and functionality in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with a desk, TV, phone, and minibar. The en-suite bathrooms come complete with a bath, adding a touch of relaxation to the stay.

Culinary delights await at the on-site restaurant, where a fusion of traditional Albanian specialties and Italian cuisine tantalizes the taste buds. For those looking to explore local flavors, a grocery store is conveniently located just 50 meters from the hotel, and a local bus stop offers easy access to surrounding attractions.

The hotel boasts a private beach area, outfitted with umbrellas and sun loungers, ensuring a serene beach experience for all guests. Families will appreciate the complimentary children’s playground and fitness center, while additional amenities such as tennis courts, spa, and sauna facilities are available for a nominal fee.

Situated 30 km from Tirana International Airport and just 4 km from the nearest Ferry Port, Adriatik Hotel, BW Premier Collection, stands as an accessible gateway for international travelers and those looking to explore the coastal charm of Durres.