---\ntitle: "Agora Farmhouse"\ndescription: "Agora Farmhouse emerges as a serene retreat in the picturesque locale of Koman, merely 35 km away from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and a stone's throw from the tranquil Lake Skadar at 37 km."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491943118.jpg?k=2a3fe62564835ca1c3ba0c631ed1e48eefa316cb45dcfb4c2ef072c7d471e9d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: agora-farmhouse\naddress: "SH25, 4008 Koman, Albania"\ncity: "Koman"\nlocation: "Koman"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06774249\n  lng: 19.68602929\nprice: "US$108"\npriceFrom: 108\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 324\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491943118.jpg?k=2a3fe62564835ca1c3ba0c631ed1e48eefa316cb45dcfb4c2ef072c7d471e9d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526487457.jpg?k=619dd3bd4495411e4cf212c5280b894b8a1d9d95d902b1dededc49761bac8bba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520815156.jpg?k=613860e297908d3fe786fb1ebb37639e6f468d352af3f6f6f644ccb5a4b5c263&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389140141.jpg?k=2cd812bcfe3a5ce043f9b72bcfa804a445003cd4a9807e9660a37a8a8a6dffba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526486130.jpg?k=0c70e13ce9c903bdf0bb6af69ea4b58fda9d9ad935c0d3f8c1c846fad9443f48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526483395.jpg?k=55fe415ec483ee66adf8a9bc26f1b5cd0a3dd1778e68afeacefada8f7dc9f9d3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Villa"\n  - "Villa - Beach Front"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agora 100 m"\n  - "Ledis Place 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 47 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomáš"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Staff was very friendly and helpful, we had a great dinner here, also the accomodation was wonderful, very quiet place in the middle of the mountains”"\n  - name: "Annie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Myself and my partner stayed here for 2 nights. We stayed in the standard villa and it was anything but standard! It was amazing equipped with a huge sofa, double bed, big bathroom and AMAZING VIEWS!! Our back door opened to a small path that took...”"\n  - name: "Conny"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“What a beautiful location! The drive to get there is already amazing. But the property itself, wow. We really loved our stay. An amazing romantic place. Nature is great and in the area, there is enough to do to enjoy your time. There is a very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/agora-farmhouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Agora Farmhouse are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the season. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the seamless experience. For those seeking a room with a view, options abound, including terraces and balconies that showcase breathtaking mountain or lake vistas, all complemented by the essential comforts of quality bed linen and towels.

The culinary experience at Agora Farmhouse is designed to start each day on a high note, with a choice of Italian, American, or vegetarian breakfasts served daily. The presence of an on-site bar ensures that guests can unwind with their drink of choice after a day of exploration or relaxation.

For the adventurous at heart, the guest house's location in Koman becomes a gateway to engaging activities such as cycling, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surrounding area. 

Accessibility is conveniently considered, with Podgorica Airport located 89 km away, making Agora Farmhouse an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, natural beauty, and comfort.