---\ntitle: "Agroturizem Gjepali"\ndescription: "Agroturizem Gjepali emerges as a serene retreat in Shijak, offering a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty just 30 km away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219549882.jpg?k=6fafd8516d7866b9c7fc1432834043630b6ffd56ca183206d1d4e13861446d6b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: agroturizem-gjepali\naddress: "SH55 Gjepalaj, 2011 Shijak, Albania"\ncity: "Shijak"\nlocation: "Shijak"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33045853\n  lng: 19.56578534\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 205\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219549882.jpg?k=6fafd8516d7866b9c7fc1432834043630b6ffd56ca183206d1d4e13861446d6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219551334.jpg?k=52006fe7a0016e2c72ea30a7db6b6cc2a7382d5dd6fb71de52361c571da3a768&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219547865.jpg?k=39bca0a5e10cffe7d4868f1928f1d3da1bc7177ee2aeb92a3f631418c162c483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219549135.jpg?k=f81bcc72017ad7ec4265a321b812a7ad8fcbdc7c20c2a99ada104e7eed27f6c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219549124.jpg?k=f903796817f00490ac55f5f0cfebea027540314d575b5d4e864434466f4a7dd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219551347.jpg?k=beeeea059fbd713d7886324af12ede9b40ad8f42620feb66dac0672c7ab815c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219546317.jpg?k=d8a5307c0651cc7b677e672389dc245a7a54cc147298626915d060b7078fdeb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219552709.jpg?k=de4c312f4316eb430a819d0f5213ea8916122710db0cdf815f780d1e3713eb9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219549115.jpg?k=ac92a4c98d8189e0285ac925ee85f5f12b29894893c2d0dfb5b20ec96d181c18&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agroturizem Gjepali 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Sofra Permetare 2.4 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 17 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 17 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 15 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Catherine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Ideal position for a 1st/last night - about 45 mins from the airport. Lovely room, fabulous evening meal and breakfast. Peaceful location not in the touristy areas”"\n  - name: "Chantal"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Enough space, good view, warm shower, friendly staff.
We eat one night in the restaurant, really good food.”"\n  - name: "Michelle"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Food was fantastic and staff super professional. A very luxurious and delicious experience!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/agroturizem-gjepali.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its well-appointed, air-conditioned rooms that boast views of the verdant garden, ensuring a peaceful stay. Each room is thoughtfully designed with a patio, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the calm surroundings. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, catering to all the essentials for a comfortable stay. Additionally, the presence of a wardrobe in every room underscores the inn's dedication to convenience and guest satisfaction.

Adding to its appeal, Agroturizem Gjepali features a cozy bar, creating an ideal setting for guests to unwind after a day of exploration. Its proximity to notable attractions, including the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, positions it as a perfect base for those looking to delve into the region's rich heritage. Moreover, the inn is conveniently located just 25 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible choice for travelers.

For those venturing to explore the natural beauty and cultural landmarks of the area, or simply seeking a peaceful escape from the city, Agroturizem Gjepali offers an inviting atmosphere, modern amenities, and a strategic location, promising an unforgettable stay.