---\ntitle: "Ahmeti Rooms"\ndescription: "Ahmeti Rooms stands as a serene oasis in Ksamil, offering a tranquil retreat less than a kilometer from the pristine shores of Paradise Beach and a mere 11-minute stroll from the scenic Lori Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362495871.jpg?k=49bc9447016318b57d9f9e6f4ded3ce5f0bde5d65ea526894e40dd3e37efe9a1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ahmeti-rooms\naddress: "Εξαμίλι Αγίων Σαράντα, Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76114244\n  lng: 19.99929362\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362495871.jpg?k=49bc9447016318b57d9f9e6f4ded3ce5f0bde5d65ea526894e40dd3e37efe9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360619873.jpg?k=36787862b5f235bd041f0c3477aee158e6554e6f846a06efcd18dd63e9ef8680&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360633769.jpg?k=d7d295e400ff873450f5131c02c078ca3d404129851a7c8f340ac0001e74f357&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360284011.jpg?k=70df758fe0d5077ca45f1908a1a1187645151ad279980534490b7e60d8710eb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473179490.jpg?k=9933723099586036e1f37847d9c614f67820758cd11d5ed3e263df56fa8b1506&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360619866.jpg?k=4e0bd66ad9b5b4a832d26c9189af38995923936bdf9ea3fd0814816d99634a57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473178938.jpg?k=4190846fa0237464b70d43bdbe82584c51336aee0636756f4c197f23c14c6c44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360619865.jpg?k=52a1aca616d80fdf77bfe8f46c5edf72c5dc22074d7e72beb8433c852882e49e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473179092.jpg?k=d8ac6a63bdc47ca3ec99680aa937b9e52a47c0845baafd4671053597ec72c613&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (106 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 350 m"\n  - "Olive Tarraca 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Morgan"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“We were treated so kindly, and the rooms are excellent value for money. Comfy bed, nice view from the (shared) terrace, and just a great environment. Paradise beach is 10 minutes walk, Ksamil centre is 15 minutes. Close to the bus stop on the main...”"\n  - name: "Dašeková"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Our room had really nice view from the balcony to the sea. The balcony was big enough and we could dry our swimsuits and towels there. The beds were spacious but a little harder mattresses. Everything was clean and tidy. The room was not big but...”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura in periferia di Ksamil, dove non c'è molta confusione. C'è tutto il necessario. Romeo sempre disponibile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ahmeti-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a collection of apartments, each designed with the guest's comfort in mind. From private entrances and wardrobes to soundproofing for a peaceful night's sleep, every detail has been considered. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of flat-screen TVs in each unit, while the convenience of private bathrooms adds to the home-away-from-home feel. Select apartments elevate the experience further with terraces or balconies, offering breathtaking sea views and outdoor dining areas, perfect for enjoying the gentle sea breeze. Additionally, the presence of heating facilities ensures a cozy stay regardless of the season.

For families traveling with little ones, Ahmeti Rooms goes the extra mile by providing baby safety gates, showcasing their commitment to guest safety and comfort.

The location of Ahmeti Rooms is ideally situated for exploring the local area, with Ksamil Beach 9 just a kilometer away and the historic Butrint National Park within a short 3 km drive. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 92 km away, making it a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

With a 24-hour front desk and currency exchange services on offer, guests are assured of round-the-clock assistance, making Ahmeti Rooms a top choice for those seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and tranquility in Ksamil.