---\ntitle: "Airy, sunny & bright apartment in Golem"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Golem with a stay at the Airy, Sunny & Bright Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495074677.jpg?k=6d15e5acb8012c87b7188bb6fc2c2d882381476bf165dbd36249ad258b4c1d2c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: airy-sunny-bright-apartment-in-golem\naddress: "Golem Kavaje 5th floor no elevator, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26555455\n  lng: 19.52186664\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495074677.jpg?k=6d15e5acb8012c87b7188bb6fc2c2d882381476bf165dbd36249ad258b4c1d2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495074713.jpg?k=a81805d6f22f99b5ee53064367897c4c6231f750e2a0a4b2f83849cfff02e30a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495074716.jpg?k=bdc777cd5f2c29dd45c3f2e53bdf8699ef3d8a6059181516668cbb022d3ed3df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495074721.jpg?k=2f52af65740a098aadec665b772616aae9a3a2b2344eae24e635cf838f0e2a37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495074725.jpg?k=4aa9aa070416833a748bd2450728d0e35e67969d031eb669c5f54dbaaa1b288a&o=&hp=1"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fresh Fish 150 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/airy-sunny-amp-bright-apartment-in-golem-kavaje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility, offering a spacious bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals, and a modern bathroom. Guests can unwind in the living area, where a flat-screen TV awaits for leisurely entertainment. Designed with a non-smoking policy, the space ensures a fresh and inviting atmosphere for all guests.

Strategically located, the property is a mere 2.7 km away from the serene Mali I Robit Beach, while the historic Durres Amphitheatre is just 13 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich past. For those interested in exploring further, Skanderbeg Square and the House of Leaves are both 43 km from the apartment, providing perfect day trip destinations. Adventure seekers will appreciate the proximity to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 47 km away, offering breathtaking views of the surrounding landscapes.

For convenience, the Rock of Kavaje is only 1.7 km away, and the intriguing Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is 44 km from the apartment, inviting guests to explore the local history. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is 38 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

The Airy, Sunny & Bright Apartment in Golem stands out as a top selection for those looking to experience the best of Golem's beaches, culture, and history, all while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed holiday home.