---\ntitle: "AJ Apartments - Hidden Gem in front of Taiwan Center"\ndescription: "AJ Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708050.jpg?k=9c07142bd2ff4de600e3717fdcefd2855acd9cd452a9dda663d84a3ed5f821b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aj-apartments-hidden-gem-in-front-of-taiwan-center\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova 4-th, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32462117\n  lng: 19.81669199\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708050.jpg?k=9c07142bd2ff4de600e3717fdcefd2855acd9cd452a9dda663d84a3ed5f821b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499277408.jpg?k=1154856de65edf707e7ca9aa46a2b546eb09db81d1815cf1ab5d8d3a4709a780&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499277347.jpg?k=7b3c02b85e15ab008d02c438733a6b561ce08fd6f6969cfb3b228ea6f306d2a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708200.jpg?k=1351509f1ccd770481436d165776fdbaf4b9911dc4d1ba1f6735b1739bce3cd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708147.jpg?k=c5845df0f5f16593b2822490e179d3dc94e50e031d41273d5a8c49e15e7f6ae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499277105.jpg?k=0b5e71bc41f3f4e37a19b53e309c6f4dacf9c9791f3943b4a5f17a0fd3a59584&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708186.jpg?k=1c09a0a78c166e25da9981627822bfcfe46260a5a9002a373598e1faa4495886&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498708176.jpg?k=80ef61f51cb57008120c4d7958449e4e03e88166bd05fd994a2cf7aa840dedb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499277452.jpg?k=19947faf3121571fd20d86f2dc6cf5769d271ce42964144a38461a575206124c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Snack It! Tirana 20 m"\n  - "Viva Club 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 150 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ernest"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was perfect, and the property inside is very very modern and new.”"\n  - name: "Merita"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great stay in central Tirana!
Beautiful , contemporary apartment in the heart of Tirana, equipped with everything we required for our stay. Convenient for the main sites and transport links. Great assistance from Jurgen regarding locating and...”"\n  - name: "Furkan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Konumu çok iyi tam merkezde araba için merkezde park yeri mevcut arabasız yürüyerek her yere yakın.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aj-apartments-3-hidden-gem-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment boasts an array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. With air conditioning, free WiFi accessible throughout the premises, and a balcony offering breathtaking mountain views, comfort is at the forefront of AJ Apartments' offerings. The accommodation features a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own dishes. Additionally, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and comfortable stay.

For those keen on exploring local attractions, AJ Apartments is conveniently located near several points of interest. The Et'hem Bey Mosque, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud are all within easy reach. Moreover, the property is just 600 meters from Skanderbeg Square, offering guests a glimpse into the heart of Tirana's bustling city life. For travelers arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making AJ Apartments an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in this dynamic city.