---\ntitle: "Akil Apartments"\ndescription: "Akil Apartments in Sarandë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just a short stroll from the vibrant Flamingo Beach and the serene Mango Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845720.jpg?k=0ec276aba4769cd1015c2a7fe53028a3922c6a49b8a68a2553aacb0367b88821&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: akil-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8558166\n  lng: 20.02169046\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845720.jpg?k=0ec276aba4769cd1015c2a7fe53028a3922c6a49b8a68a2553aacb0367b88821&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845730.jpg?k=5cec55315a1b64cca454a016061a007b0a8039c2bbab21f12bd12ba5f99e3c3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845757.jpg?k=13c3f696555e5d3a951fa80e046650e63691cd2a9d9c2a8b265d3ccf0eed2324&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362848327.jpg?k=2ef7c96d9a8d69474aed047456c40d50e8a58201349770038e392a016942b0ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845686.jpg?k=2a6b956ba669677e8a003a32a2dfdce919be6b7949b26426935ad6d03f5b74d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362848341.jpg?k=fddbff56c9dfcc5e88024e2c38d48afe677df28ec2bfc3d36a725498cc3d9a61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845751.jpg?k=067d895eeef31abba33d4b9ccce5c3b1ac61ce7e54f2cefc121adfbe0d44439b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845682.jpg?k=033cec8cc8fd0b1a75544ddb3487e0a75d79271ee9d9f18b1e2e70af2ec28000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362845691.jpg?k=59bfa41fdc48a9a281d92ec1963abb0543f82a433d2d15d002eb4b26b305d717&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantastic 20 m"\n  - "Taverne Fast Food 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 350 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tetiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was good for our family. Host is very kind, polite and helpful. Spacious, bright and comfortable apartments with all that we need. Good location near supermarkets, beaches”"\n  - name: "Carla"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Am avut parte de tot confortul. Apartamentele dotate cu tot ce este necesar, foarte curat, modern, bucătăria utilată, lenjerii, prosoape, etc. Proprietarul un om deosebit care ne-a și ajutat in caz de urgenta, foarte prompt l solicitările noastre....”"\n  - name: "Rafał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo czysty i ładny apartament znajdujący się 3 minutki spacerkiem od plaży. Blisko resteuracje, sklepy. Sympatyczny i pomocny właściciel. Polecam w 100%”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/akil-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPrivacy and ease are paramount here, with each apartment granting a private entrance to ensure a seamless experience for guests. Designed with families in mind, the rooms at Akil Apartments are more than just a place to sleep. They are a home away from home, complete with balconies that invite guests to take in the city's rhythm, fully equipped kitchens ready for home-cooked meals, and cozy seating areas perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Entertainment and convenience are well catered for, as each unit is equipped with a flat-screen TV, a washing machine for those longer stays, and a private bathroom stocked with essentials, including a hair dryer. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a toaster, fridge, kettle, and even bed linen and towels, ensuring that every need is met.

For those looking to explore Sarandë's coastal beauty, Akil Apartments is ideally situated. A short walk away are the popular Santa Quaranta Beach, VIP Beach, and Maestral Beach, each offering a unique slice of Albania's stunning coastline. And for travelers venturing further, Ioannina Airport is within a manageable distance, making Akil Apartments a strategic base for both local and regional exploration.

In summary, Akil Apartments presents a compelling blend of location, comfort, and thoughtful amenities, making it a standout option for those visiting Sarandë.