---\ntitle: "Alan Apartments Tirana"\ndescription: "Alan Apartments Tirana emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of the city, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an urban retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028365.jpg?k=132e07ebe6d3a4a9f963289ebb9fb0d515c318822b19d4ca04ae3c2f4d2ed74f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alan-apartments-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3249435\n  lng: 19.81138858\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028365.jpg?k=132e07ebe6d3a4a9f963289ebb9fb0d515c318822b19d4ca04ae3c2f4d2ed74f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028407.jpg?k=cfefc6d8ef1a16878a8c5260f0f5ebdf80a10274f850c9705e62b70862bac50b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028401.jpg?k=771d8b57e5abc7f8ea01974538758529a7a0fa4e0b2cf47e4e0d32434a2dc2aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512026008.jpg?k=383e060a1df82f6573acffa67d2c72c5668e437b3ece9a8a4da9326b5a0f3762&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028353.jpg?k=c3a851217dc8f9ee62023f03978b954732993545f13e166ffc4a35f327f88bb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028351.jpg?k=350ad2d88f3bbae586ccb6485339018706fe849e091ccf73b39ab0073fcef4a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028358.jpg?k=4a1b63b942cd1a8da9313644eef003f3ffa4fa2cfcc412cbf39a052e73d15cd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512028349.jpg?k=8e4c84b070e5a0152ca8f6b72ffe861418291fee9ad04abb9449ea380b749988&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512025894.jpg?k=3477615cd53574e373e10486c39452a85599afffe527da155609c6d30a460acd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (53 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant la Paradise 30 m"\n  - "Golden Time 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ivan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Did the booking last possible moment and the reaction time of Alan was amazingly fast. Nice and clean apartment.”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was amazing and the apartment had everything I needed.”"\n  - name: "Del"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento perfetto e staff super disponibile in tutto e per tutto dall'inizio alla fine ci hanno aiutato per tutte le nostre richieste veramente racconandato”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alan-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a suite of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The apartment boasts a sleek, air-conditioned living space equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave, and the convenience of a washing machine. The inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury, while soundproofing ensures a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. A thoughtful touch is the provision of fresh fruits, welcoming guests into a space that feels like home from the moment they step through the private entrance.

For dining, the on-site traditional restaurant presents a menu of European cuisine, available for both lunch and dinner, catering to the culinary desires of guests. Entertainment options abound, with a casino for those feeling lucky and darts for a friendly game among companions. Families will appreciate the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests.

Alan Apartments Tirana also addresses the practical needs of its guests, offering car hire services for easy exploration of the surrounding area and a paid airport shuttle service for seamless arrivals and departures. The property's proximity to notable attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana, places guests at the center of cultural and historical exploration. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa, just 14 km away, the convenience of travel is unparalleled.

For those seeking a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful touches, Alan Apartments Tirana stands as a compelling choice in the heart of Tirana.