---\ntitle: "ALBA"\ndescription: "ALBA emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location that places guests mere moments from iconic landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Bektashi World Centre, and the historic Tanners' Bridge."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196229.jpg?k=bb6c0ee7f31b94f324a1dffd70a4d74856a14cbc5ded63b9b3fbe3ce3dde038e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alba\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri Nd 308, H2, Ap 3, second floor, 1004 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33200115\n  lng: 19.83924392\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196229.jpg?k=bb6c0ee7f31b94f324a1dffd70a4d74856a14cbc5ded63b9b3fbe3ce3dde038e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196315.jpg?k=e48c7dc92de1130bf2e884989ccdf651055767f25e9888fe335e370a230e6757&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196323.jpg?k=8f45f3bee356ab367a8f41b374b6c7358750f51161cc3de392416f65c2df52a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196336.jpg?k=c6506321e529f8c3b68b6e6f02be1767be9e62de2e216de694671cb7dbe7bd7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196378.jpg?k=0a641013f2d2131196d95fd49f4f9b4cd01316caf3a8ab0a23c1c3caae26c8dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462214260.jpg?k=02572530a29d3e753e6ab1584209ce0f8b66d8f43f4082461716d097013b0ce1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462196371.jpg?k=37d93947642be81e8ad56c195e72d0e5b47ec4003880a7bc65f8d8a316d9f325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478889959.jpg?k=036e3048f0db2149305ed6005d20a26a9e901aa19f1f307391669828e42ab27c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481966085.jpg?k=430e31d11cb78100451b763cba57636b25ccb7aa80c4c6e92e3b602a70e50a47&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (63 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Deseo 200 m"\n  - "Pizzeri-Kreperi la Famiglia 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ben"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“It's really a brilliant apartment. It has everything you need. You can access the apartment via ekey. No fumbling around for physical keys. The owner is very friendly. Want to descover Tirana? Do it with this apartment.”"\n  - name: "Pjeter"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean, quiet, spacious and very well furnished. The bed was extremely comfortable. Really love the Nescafe. The owner was super helpful and hospitable. The location was perfect, near city center. Will come again when I come back...”"\n  - name: "Dhimiter"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Availability, cleanliness, all the comforts and the owner an exceptional person. I highly recommend it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alba-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property distinguishes itself with comprehensive amenities, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises and a dedicated non-smoking apartment that ensures a comfortable stay for all guests. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site fitness room, allowing for uninterrupted workout routines even while on vacation.

Accommodation at ALBA is designed with comfort and convenience in mind. The air-conditioned apartment features a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to culinary enthusiasts with an oven and a coffee machine. The bathroom does not skimp on luxury, offering a walk-in shower and slippers for ultimate comfort. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels, bed linen, and even delightful chocolates or cookies, adding a personal touch to the welcoming atmosphere.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located just 3.6 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje stands as a testament to the region's natural beauty at 47 km from the apartment. Convenience is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 18 km from ALBA, making arrivals and departures a breeze for international and domestic travelers alike.

ALBA stands out as a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful touches that together craft a memorable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.