---\ntitle: "Albanopolis Hotel"\ndescription: "Albanopolis Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209902844.jpg?k=56d3554df91ca7eec297a878cbc9a69aca629d520bea5adb526a9ad57c5e9d2a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: albanopolis-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza nr. 20, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33352529\n  lng: 19.80680936\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 560\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209902844.jpg?k=56d3554df91ca7eec297a878cbc9a69aca629d520bea5adb526a9ad57c5e9d2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223476678.jpg?k=078195ef1c67a45026d1563c2417975dbacd9e29e0457baf4cebce1ba5996654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212109264.jpg?k=572279e2045bfc3e2766db26720406f37912b14ac590954c71be5492fee37464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212109222.jpg?k=20577bb59afbf28f5c00e3d48939cfaf56ac42b530d811e34156736b74c0d9d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223476683.jpg?k=fe847e901ef01fcba898be78117f8eb4352ec42d411d2c1d1c1c0e114f1812c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234319374.jpg?k=47a8d6a15894f4971bb8de263a1af6b4339da8c74de2266d89893aeaac9aa778&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234319048.jpg?k=1f5a09fa16d96a63c657f591f792eb2b09a0be2958c674c5a122d0d5e58a622f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234317344.jpg?k=c047366965231884717103075294aec31f5a11664848861e75d1ab15bf10472f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225598727.jpg?k=4f0235c8268b3ad99c82ea4a8a1459de0cca7da8d2b7efc02a155376bb85c02b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Wall Street Bar 10 m"\n  - "Te pema 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 30 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katerina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We were greeted and shown to a beautiful, stylish and spacious suite with terrace which definitely exceeded expectations and was very clean, comfortable and a centrally located place from which to explore the city. The staff were always available...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“everything was excellent but they do advertise pedicure manicure and massage facilities none of these exist so why mention them Everybody involved in the hotel were perfect”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room is massive and very well equipped. The balcony was very big too although we did not use it.
Amazing jacuzzi in the bathroom.
The bed was very big and super comfortable.
The breakfast although not much variety, was amazing.
The staff...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/albanopolis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Albanopolis Hotel are thoughtfully appointed, ensuring guests a restful experience. Each room boasts essential amenities such as a kettle, a well-stocked minibar, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a wardrobe in every room adds a touch of convenience for those staying longer.

Morning starts on a high note with an American breakfast, setting guests up for a day of adventure or relaxation. For those moments of leisure, the hotel offers the luxury of a hot tub, providing a perfect escape to unwind after a day of city exploration.

Located a short distance from the Dajti Express and within easy reach of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Albanopolis Hotel stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its attentive service, marked by a 24-hour front desk and room service. This 3-star accommodation effortlessly blends comfort with convenience, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana.