---\ntitle: "Albes Hotel"\ndescription: "Albes Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Fier, located within a striking distance of 40 km from both Independence Square and Kuzum Baba."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/124547669.jpg?k=b794a443e3cb0344c3b7e732158bc0afbc3502916739ce4600f50d101e210a7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: albes-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Teodor i II Muzaka, 9300 Fier, Albania"\ncity: "Fier"\nlocation: "Fier"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.7418617\n  lng: 19.5766336\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 300\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/124547669.jpg?k=b794a443e3cb0344c3b7e732158bc0afbc3502916739ce4600f50d101e210a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/124547679.jpg?k=7f835793807c82042d39a99ae565517d71bbf922efa0304286694d68686cff30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268744666.jpg?k=b8921645d523ceac7e1d6c0c8c629a6caee99821d462c9641ff754d3a4b46314&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/124556514.jpg?k=b81fd13b9b52b12faa4c609be94514949dffa3fa20ea8e997917a7120d5c401f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268733479.jpg?k=d9514e745825ab332869b15178a6029a65d6a048a7bcb5a63680d31a37fe8316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/124547688.jpg?k=f23b91d711f8c77d9c415cf6fb704a17254266063adef8a0d3b44cc7e8ac5825&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Peshku 300 m"\n  - "Pizza Kidi 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Endrit"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“From start to finish all staff where absolutely lovely so helpful all spoke good English and where so helpful with myself & my young child as i was traveling alone nothing was to much to ask if i needed hot water for the baby they helped every...”"\n  - name: "Kiran"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“so clean and tidy, soft carpet floor and comfy bed”"\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very spacious and comfortable room. Hearty breakfast in the adjacent restaurant. Not very central, but very convenient with a parking space nearby. Very close to Apollonia, which was our destination”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/albes.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Business"\nbestCategories: "Business"\ncategory: "Business"\n---\n\nEach room at Albes Hotel is a sanctuary of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV broadcasting a variety of satellite channels. Safety is paramount, with each room featuring a secure deposit box. The private bathrooms are a haven of personal care, complete with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring guests feel pampered and well-cared for. For added comfort, all rooms are adorned with crisp bed linen and soft towels.

Culinary delights await at the hotel’s restaurant, where a menu of American, British, and Greek cuisine invites guests to embark on a gastronomic adventure. The restaurant is accommodating to all dietary preferences, offering both vegetarian and halal options upon request.

For those looking to explore beyond the confines of the hotel, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 104 km away, with Albes Hotel offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. This makes the hotel an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers alike, promising a stay that is as effortless as it is enjoyable.