---\ntitle: "ALBI’S Apartment"\ndescription: "ALBI'S Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and entertainment in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485690666.jpg?k=ffa0dfee8d063e95ff554094d12b0599faaeb1e655214b284691799d46565db9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: albi-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Siri Kodra, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3345285\n  lng: 19.82193994\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485690666.jpg?k=ffa0dfee8d063e95ff554094d12b0599faaeb1e655214b284691799d46565db9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495826807.jpg?k=1bce7e76ad74da0f914315106532cfe82f22bbe0122d87c54cdb67ee230d064d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495825307.jpg?k=94925395f2f56303ac571a164b1a085f438bba70f5b7e574bba774c0744f32b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495825287.jpg?k=d51caa78c81b6b9318ca21d7abee6c6116e18fdf05e37c0ec2de401ded295a3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485690675.jpg?k=6a5bf0f4280768016efddc0f6cb0e4f2e7f1e50088cd7c451bd67f7e2497a091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519467933.jpg?k=ddfcb5def356ecd5f8578386d30fbdce0f0a393fe57aacc81a81f15276d8797c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495826454.jpg?k=389947f7ff772a147f98cfc282861a013ecc79d7842a5157d178dc1f2661c9bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495825216.jpg?k=02fa6587b4eb1ef1c27e4daf6f7f0dc3fad03afba7e8c3391791e47b9a4d253f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495826915.jpg?k=abec7e83e07bfcb98ac3f8c31142211da7745e6529a6cb4bb136240ff3373e50&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artur"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We loved everything! Very clean and cosy, with everything you need and in great location. The host was very kind too. We definately recommend this apartment.”"\n  - name: "Veli"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The room was spacious, cozy and super clean, the owner was very friendly, he came to pick us up from downtown. The location is in the middle of everywhere”"\n  - name: "Ketty"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovo,accogliente, pulito e centralissimo.
I proprietari sono gentilissimi e molto disponibili.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/albis-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a panoramic terrace view of the mountains, complemented by the added luxury of a casino and complimentary bicycles for an immersive local experience. The convenience of private parking and complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, ensuring seamless connectivity and ease of travel.

The apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring air-conditioned spaces that cater to every need. The living quarters boast a Nintendo Wii for entertainment, alongside a fully equipped kitchen that includes modern amenities such as a microwave, fridge, and minibar. The living area is designed for relaxation, with a comfortable seating and dining area, leading into a cozy bedroom and a bathroom equipped with a hot tub and bidet. The inclusion of an allergy-free environment, complete with a fireplace, shower, and flat-screen TV with PS3, underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort.

Additional conveniences include a dressing room, a coffee shop on the premises, and a minimarket for any last-minute needs. Families will find ALBI'S Apartment particularly appealing, thanks to its child-friendly amenities such as an indoor play area, outdoor play equipment, and a baby safety gate. The outdoor fireplace and barbecue facilities invite guests to enjoy leisurely evenings under the stars.

Situated near notable attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre, guests have the city's best offerings at their fingertips. For those arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the apartment providing an optional airport shuttle service for a hassle-free arrival and departure.

ALBI'S Apartment stands out as a distinguished option for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of home-like comfort and the excitement of city exploration.