---\ntitle: "Alda's Apartment 2"\ndescription: "Alda's Apartment 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389517177.jpg?k=6b94d047e5c037f92f7808e4d1029d0a3d6ca57cf6425fd00ea8384f67b31b85&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alda-s-apartment-2\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44893507\n  lng: 19.49375996\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389517177.jpg?k=6b94d047e5c037f92f7808e4d1029d0a3d6ca57cf6425fd00ea8384f67b31b85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/389517200.jpg?k=d331c981052833ceb958a0fe8fbb41e1deb2668d95f96416d0e82dab8ebff7b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/389517204.jpg?k=1d832da807eb86a95b2a34f98590368eb921e05fa54edb1760c3db63203d75e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/389517211.jpg?k=9590c49d32d1639604734e6ffbc48a63d1d9f5e2ec3fe20a2c268b25e68e7cd9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Tradicional Eon 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.4 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aldas-apartments-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis smoke-free property doesn't just boast an enviable location; it also offers a cozy retreat after a day of adventure. Guests can unwind in a space thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen for those home-cooked meals, and a bathroom. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, making it easy to relax after a day in the sun. The inclusion of air conditioning throughout the apartment guarantees comfort regardless of the weather outside.

The charm of Alda's Apartment 2 is further enhanced by its proximity to local landmarks. Kuzum Baba and Independence Square are just a short drive away, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. For those looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making this apartment a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a tranquil stay, Alda's Apartment 2 stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Vlorë. Whether it's lounging on the balcony with a view or setting out to explore the nearby attractions, guests are in for an unforgettable stay.