---\ntitle: "Aldo Apartment"\ndescription: "Aldo Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of city living in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439778739.jpg?k=88d4e6677cdd46b9a4b3b70780fd359f731ca3a30400dc2cbf4d95a7049d1d63&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aldo-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31281046\n  lng: 19.80483043\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439778739.jpg?k=88d4e6677cdd46b9a4b3b70780fd359f731ca3a30400dc2cbf4d95a7049d1d63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439784607.jpg?k=80625853b4f753329e6c518e40fc6daddf0421d386f98f092762399bb95c974e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384022122.jpg?k=22c795f34e0c195bdc2d5db3251eb3a2101d90ed56c19df7d9a3da55b152406c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439779672.jpg?k=ad9a68d4ca46f2cd37f224721ba8b8ba8627f76416eb593066ef49758d4d25ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497237534.jpg?k=2d18481d3ab1fc9073abe0f89f984cbdde2fb2ff669889b45233da114ef458b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384022141.jpg?k=82984d843dc461538572680020950f75386d68be079d1c95c81900843bfe9ba6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Hot 20 m"\n  - "The Fresh Start 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sandra"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The House was very clean and provided a good Atmosphere…..”"\n  - name: "Xhulia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was so tidy, amazing location. The area has everything you need. Aldo is very helpful and friendly. Even though I booked at a late hour he was available to still accept my booking.
thanks xhulia”"\n  - name: "Zeframcochrane"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Exactly the same as in the pictures, very n)eat and clean. Fast and reliable Wi-Fi connection. The owner was very kind and available on solving last minute mishaps. Recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/entire-home-flat-aldo-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Aldo boasts a thoughtful layout, featuring airy balconies with sweeping city views, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, invites guests to prepare their meals with ease. Moreover, the inclusion of a kettle, along with provided bed linen and towels, underscores the property's attention to detail in ensuring a comfortable stay. The private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and complimentary slippers, add a touch of luxury to the living experience.

Beyond the confines of their apartments, guests are encouraged to explore the surrounding area of Tirana, where activities such as fishing and hiking promise an adventurous day out. The property's strategic location also places guests within easy reach of notable landmarks, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 1.9 km away, and the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje, 43 km distant.

For added convenience, Aldo Apartment is equipped with an elevator, a minimarket for quick grocery runs, and a currency exchange service, ensuring that guests' needs are promptly met. Positioned 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment complex offers a straightforward journey for international travelers, making it an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in Albania's capital.