---\ntitle: "Aleksander ApartHotel"\ndescription: "Aleksander ApartHotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of self-catering accommodations in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374339864.jpg?k=b4c2e75c013e8540e1782d70bb7e117394a6085973b4a81fa461581aa1ab63dc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aleksander-aparthotel\naddress: "Lagjia nr. 1, Rruga Ali Pashe Tepelena, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7734777\n  lng: 20.00863016\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 311\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374339864.jpg?k=b4c2e75c013e8540e1782d70bb7e117394a6085973b4a81fa461581aa1ab63dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403564328.jpg?k=4289bbe6b883c5560bd4999aaaef1978b8c029ca0adcda95de83df5fd5ed1c24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303919432.jpg?k=59ed8de379c10d9d60c20e4ad10813de1b7087d56b2b8b0673b65b7bb4e0908c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303920587.jpg?k=0e471f14273816afaa559adb2b30263b6f777970f0bc7c5b4328a7a71a0bc5a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303920601.jpg?k=78b82a5e3a6616a3b3b027f382f21474f270c4a4277b3c84d28d93b0d8ffd823&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303919619.jpg?k=71df79a9c1ff960ad4cbe87dee26dd23ef3f609c929ae2dce4fc7bfc4999b6b3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 10 m"\n  - "Fe & Fa 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 650 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Veide"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Very friendly host, speaks good English - was nice to chat with him. Very clean room with great view from the balcony. Good breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Alexandru"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Just perfect for the familly. Woderfull people. An excepțional familly that made the Best of our stay! Rooms were clean, food was cert tasty, and they did their Best to make us feel welcomed and were the Best thing of our vacation.”"\n  - name: "Tomo"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very attentive host, welcomed us immediately and shared some stories with us.
House is very nice, same for the rooms.
Beach and supermarket is walking distance.
Family room had semi-separated room with king bed, which was nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aleksander-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests stepping into the apartments are greeted with a suite of modern amenities designed for comfort and convenience. Each apartment boasts a television, air conditioning, and a private balcony for those moments of quiet reflection or to simply soak in the garden views. The kitchenette, equipped with a refrigerator and dining table, allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. The private bathrooms, complete with showers and hairdryers, ensure a refreshing start or end to the day.

Morning at Aleksander ApartHotel begins with the option of a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. Additional services such as luggage storage and ironing service underscore the property’s commitment to guest convenience. Moreover, the offer of complimentary parking adds an extra layer of value, making it an attractive option for those traveling by car.

In summary, Aleksander ApartHotel stands out as a thoughtful blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Ksamil looking for a self-sufficient stay with the comforts of home.