---\ntitle: "Aleks Crystal Duplex"\ndescription: "Aleks Crystal Duplex emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445804.jpg?k=238847890785aa4144eb02b82555a824456b3bf1fca0cbad225379c4205cc97a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aleks-crystal-duplex\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88176973\n  lng: 20.00114911\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445804.jpg?k=238847890785aa4144eb02b82555a824456b3bf1fca0cbad225379c4205cc97a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495898718.jpg?k=338b8342dbac2e1cf7ca1c728964a842d2afca35192651f6cb4f3ae60bcbe3db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445810.jpg?k=44ea7e2662f21d5069ffe049cad990befd7c35b9f10522e2af0c13e6e4409998&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495898627.jpg?k=2a06542e2dd528899e09ca4efb91cdbe66476ffb26459943a89698250c4f214e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445817.jpg?k=c22dbb7fdb0b0acbad2f988853a5050680281d88fc906eb0c3133e2b323bbb08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445821.jpg?k=778769ce7e8e6b10d683916b57f4419d1a44959b4d95dca403fa93db9bb8d4f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445775.jpg?k=cf2adbefd371ee208613c08ddef41f5eda5e8d8510448a9eb12d25bff343105e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495898764.jpg?k=4ef5636e6e6b73b162df2bf9dfb918984ec26b8342f83c8efce25dfaea35a539&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495445829.jpg?k=7423e21bce769df762d8988d91c654ea0b380056ffe62579d3c51d33fb5779da&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 400 m"\n  - "Ali Pasha 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Enbija"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“It is one of the most attractive apartments that i have ever been . It is architectural friendly and highly comfortable. It was 10 minutes away from the centre by walk . It had a market nearby and other shops few minutes away if you would need to.”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property was such a new apartment near a main road. Everything seemed perfect and fine. I highly recommend!!”"\n  - name: "Dietrich"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Among the ten accomodations I stayed at in the Balkans during this trip so far, this is the best (although most others were also very good). Not only is this apartment all new and, therefore, spick an span. It is also very nicely laid out:...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aleks-golden-duplex.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThis ground-floor apartment is a haven of tranquility, boasting air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool respite from the Mediterranean warmth. The inclusion of a balcony enhances the living experience, allowing guests to savor their meals al fresco while soaking in the serene views of a quiet street. The living space is thoughtfully designed with modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with an oven, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and all necessary kitchenware, catering to the culinary needs of guests.

For those concerned with allergies or seeking a smoke-free environment, Aleks Crystal Duplex offers peace of mind as an allergy-free and non-smoking apartment. The addition of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work.

Accessibility is hardly an issue, with Ioannina Airport located 97 km away, making the apartment a feasible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

Aleks Crystal Duplex presents itself as an ideal choice for those in search of a comfortable, well-appointed base to explore the delights of Sarandë and its surroundings.