---\ntitle: "Ales' Apartment"\ndescription: "Ales' Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës, mere steps from the pristine Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and within easy reach of Durres and Golem Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467764944.jpg?k=8fb91846779d443e87fbfde5010d386e48395f526452a5ed2600db5274810272&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ales-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, shkembi Kavajes, 2504 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27617097\n  lng: 19.51577081\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467764944.jpg?k=8fb91846779d443e87fbfde5010d386e48395f526452a5ed2600db5274810272&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467765008.jpg?k=9eea51b0b9cce0704114c923071eebd015fe0df6bebdd9716faafebc762a0948&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490562.jpg?k=7c7e58e911a3b46605d5b08b36f95af743ceacbd3cdcc830447a5c8ab401ff50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467765006.jpg?k=84eabe9802759964063935cf7d890a144a29c2e9611b927f93c55a2937a67371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490577.jpg?k=feb035a113f02b2651e71d1bd79c18543de64f4ba98c7591e74f2a02c01b369a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490572.jpg?k=a6b1359c44c47fb40e66efddcf0f3093c441014544f53f9af190794b451f309d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490569.jpg?k=111da61226eb8fddf742449048da87679521add322e7db391a68149cd5d4b41a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490573.jpg?k=a20685d9489eb828d712fdd02f90db1d05d1456be468c0150ab224e8669079bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471490560.jpg?k=7fc04d6616ac3cb909d7c198d18555ce76be31e141366fa17f1e5b997519ba8a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Orkide 20 m"\n  - "Hotel Espana 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Theodoros"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location was excellent. On the first floor looking directly onto the beach. Very spacious apartment, balcony was great. We enjoyed sitting on the balcony and watching the beach. Communication with host was excellent. She was very kind and willing...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Greta welcomed us nicely, she is very pleasant and kind. The apartment is big, has everything you need, right next to the beach, first row of buildings. The beds are extremely comfortable. Shops, restaurants are a few steps away... Highly...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ales-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a well-appointed layout featuring two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and fridge, and a cozy seating area for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, and the convenience of a bathroom with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay. One of the highlights of Ales' Apartment is the balcony, offering guests breathtaking sea views complemented by outdoor furniture for an enhanced experience. Additionally, the apartment provides captivating pool views, adding another layer of tranquility to the ambiance.

For those looking to unwind, the on-site bar serves as a perfect spot to relax and socialize. The convenience of a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests' needs are promptly met, making for a hassle-free stay.

Situated 46 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just 600 metres from the Rock of Kavaje, Ales' Apartment is ideally located for guests eager to explore the surrounding attractions. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is 36 km away, making the apartment a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Ales' Apartment stands out as a delightful retreat for those in pursuit of a peaceful beachfront holiday, complete with all the comforts of home and easy access to local landmarks.