---\ntitle: "Alex & Sofi Apartments"\ndescription: "Alex & Sofi Apartments stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Himare, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Livadhi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365430324.jpg?k=63a66917392ff5aa28f80da24fff2c73d1e00a4939cb0b513bd678406eaa8f9d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alex-sofi-apartments\naddress: "Himare - Livadh Beach, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10975539\n  lng: 19.72328603\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 169\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 5.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365430324.jpg?k=63a66917392ff5aa28f80da24fff2c73d1e00a4939cb0b513bd678406eaa8f9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365430389.jpg?k=f061e9da19436c8897b270b8d1697cdbf89b0ca11f5547bf8fe748ec7a421503&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462627454.jpg?k=c55bf7221ddae0dec758c8d97e876dcfb1eed80898b1356aec8964ec096586fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365974900.jpg?k=5f7f7202342aab7adc7de002924148da3b5da012d9db8651e00049bd34a34429&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462627068.jpg?k=777ab2e136d7e9434f5061bc240109dad399b4df9a057590b82642c38889a9f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462627706.jpg?k=422c7558f364edcbe6e8e73cc643d2f19adaa603fccbc993fcb9cbe187d71700&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Odissea Li 30 m"\n  - "Orestis Restorant 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1 m"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2 km"\n  - "Folie Marine Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 58 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location by the sea was great! The room was spacious and ideal for families with kids. Staff very friendly”"\n  - name: "Freya"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Excellent location just across the road from the beach. Access to 2 sun beds and an umbrella at the beach. Modern and clean accomodation and comfy beds. Friendly and helpful hosts.”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This place is just perfect for summer holidays. The building is literally in front of the beach and could feel the breeze from the balcony of the room. The cleaning service is great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alex-amp-sofi-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of families and groups, with the convenience of free WiFi throughout. Comfort is paramount, as evidenced by the inclusion of air conditioning, a television for entertainment, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower and hair dryer in every unit. Select apartments further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a balcony, inviting guests to soak in the breathtaking surroundings in privacy.

Mornings at Alex & Sofi Apartments begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those looking to venture beyond the comfort of the beach, Akuariumit Beach is a mere 1.6 km away, while the more secluded Spille Beach can be found 3 km from the premises. Despite its tranquil location, the property remains accessible, with Ioannina Airport located 147 km away, making it a feasible getaway for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Alex & Sofi Apartments emerges as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal backdrop for an unforgettable coastal escape.