---\ntitle: "Alex Apartments"\ndescription: "Alex Apartments in Sarandë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach and Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360460846.jpg?k=7048e038d69b21b3345d37a8fe28678cf000ad1b2f3bb0d4b50505b29152bfc0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alex-apartments\naddress: "Saranda, AL - Corfu, GR, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87672277\n  lng: 20.00042867\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360460846.jpg?k=7048e038d69b21b3345d37a8fe28678cf000ad1b2f3bb0d4b50505b29152bfc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454405501.jpg?k=8abf59c36227f4f49b8eb6e3ccbea6497d4df25a785cfeafdcaef23d861a0d2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454401564.jpg?k=5e91f7247de0d6fb7201528f1ea814c313ecb12edd38263490ae5425f70e683d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454401933.jpg?k=7ccc54e8ce602d0cf65afdd63e045811992570f6fa028c1fbf5818483a75e113&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360461713.jpg?k=104fe3043e777115990286b7f468a07609fa7211e7b513acdf6e83658df663fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454405680.jpg?k=83f6bdc6a554cddc310ed35d1eb727926c1f2b47baa3d5a78b49ba9042fa742c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Terrace"\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ali Pasha 50 m"\n  - "Coffee House 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ervis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The owner was welcoming and helpful. The suite was warm and very clean and it has a wonderful seaview from the big terrace.”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very helpful with pick up and helping with car troubles. Good aircon. 10 minute walk to the city centre.”"\n  - name: "Besmir"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was a nice and compact building. We felt like home. The owner of the property was a very polite young blonde lady. She was very helpful. The apartment was very clean in detail. The location was also perfect. You will have everything near your...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/christi-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment boasts a balcony that frames the breathtaking mountain scenery, alongside a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern amenities such as a dishwasher and toaster, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bath adds a touch of luxury, while the convenience of a private entrance underscores the thoughtful design of these family-friendly rooms. Refrigeration needs are seamlessly met with the provision of a fridge in every unit.

For moments of tranquility, guests are invited to unwind in the lush garden, a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. Adventure seekers will find Butrint National Park, located 17 km away, an enticing destination for day trips and exploration.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Ioannina Airport, situated 97 km from the premises, making Alex Apartments a well-positioned haven for both domestic and international travelers.