---\ntitle: "Alexandros apartment"\ndescription: "Alexandros Apartment emerges as a refreshed and inviting option for travelers exploring Sarandë, positioned conveniently close to both Saranda City Beach and La Petite Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476115156.jpg?k=f313fa3f8d354d95933afdf7a32068aa63f3ee858e774b45590c929e34e71a6e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alexandros-apartment\naddress: "Sarande, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87172926\n  lng: 19.99959508\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476115156.jpg?k=f313fa3f8d354d95933afdf7a32068aa63f3ee858e774b45590c929e34e71a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476108984.jpg?k=3bc5ba011262b859666e6c39eec81600c14389e06a04696f1264b045219ac760&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476112465.jpg?k=1dcd9663d39ec65a521314b6855bf4c5093ef31704cdb4b23709f28339ba45bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476111353.jpg?k=521eb3d38c429ed8804b9f48910c87f0bd764f0b1b2b61bc81a9e6e8219f79d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476112476.jpg?k=cfefa9e62813f9a4ca691cda6c8f30f478f75bdb88989f6bdb9f819b66466955&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481414209.jpg?k=3a5bdb5e2295459eb65292e5507b451bf73a53fb65fdf08710e8855ec40a1a11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476108373.jpg?k=8fc1e77911d2cd545b226afb63810e5eb800c46450d29caa88b7006b9cd0481b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476110723.jpg?k=2393b2afc803c9c6a14034efac01eef82d95038ec524418ea3fc8ba8f3620634&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476108797.jpg?k=1ec62b0963667e27361ffa45c1516d70939d7975fa8d7979e5f83864c2ee2695&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Friends 100 m"\n  - "Taste of Tradition 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 250 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Es war TOP!! Für uns leider NUR eine Nacht vor der Fähre nach Korfu.
Eine wunderschöne, top renovierte Wohnung. Jederzeit wieder (doch dann länger 😉)”"\n  - name: "Deanna"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The place is great. Very clean and comfortable. Hosts were very helpful and allowed us to store our luggage before we could check in. The apartment is centrally located with just a short walk to beaches and the main strip. Definitely recommend...”"\n  - name: "Frédéric"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Accueil parfait. Disponibilité. Conseils.
Spacieux bien équipé près de la plage tout à proximité.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alexandros-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nWith the entire property benefiting from complimentary WiFi, connectivity is never an issue, ensuring guests can easily plan their adventures or share their experiences. Sarande Main Beach, a mere 300 meters away, promises sun-soaked days on the sands within walking distance.

The interior of Alexandros Apartment reveals a thoughtfully designed space, accommodating guests with an air-conditioned bedroom that promises restful nights. The living area is spacious, providing a comfortable setting for relaxation after a day of exploration. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and coffee machine, making self-catering a delightful option. The convenience of a modern bathroom, equipped with either a bath or shower, adds to the comfort of the stay. Entertainment needs are met with the provision of a flat-screen TV, ensuring leisure moments are well catered for.

Adding to the appeal is the apartment's commitment to privacy, underscored by a private entrance that allows guests to come and go as they please, offering a sense of seclusion amidst the buzz of Sarandë.

For those intrigued by the natural beauty and historical significance of the area, Butrint National Park is accessible, located just 17 km away, offering a perfect day trip opportunity. Furthermore, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, 97 km from the property, facilitates ease of access for international travelers.

Alexandros Apartment stands out as a meticulously renovated accommodation choice, blending convenience, comfort, and the charm of Sarandë into an unforgettable stay for its guests.