---\ntitle: "ALEXANDER Rooms & Apartments"\ndescription: "ALEXANDER Rooms & Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the sun-kissed shores of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913320.jpg?k=d3ba5847d4f3a813f91638675eea67743df9941a3dae54161454fc8b1aaf5fbb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alexander-rooms-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia Building 50 , Entry 10 , Apartment 17, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31497721\n  lng: 19.47333232\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 385\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913320.jpg?k=d3ba5847d4f3a813f91638675eea67743df9941a3dae54161454fc8b1aaf5fbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913338.jpg?k=b2480bbdc231dbf8795c29d268312849808ff5db9d7b9cdfe955c1b9a9123e04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913318.jpg?k=d7d78b465ef1b7c9c1a6f31fb78a04c1769e138e755dd7b5b340b17ae53be9d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913339.jpg?k=21f235c4c96fe81bf54bdf4c4f8bb2dca896e89ea69ff3e763d39583f1835191&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913329.jpg?k=1ef6d1e746bb8f704f8efce7d82ab43856ffabb4adda663a5d4a5d2808ce76bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477913286.jpg?k=46d0d0238158f345815549d53c911ec552ac70aa70f95519035364a74d9425c0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Luxury Triple Room"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "On off 40 m"\n  - "qetu kom me u kon gjithqysh daja 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eglantin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great location, good underground parking and big rooms . Great for families .”"\n  - name: "Rumbu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Underground safe parking, very kind host, big room, close to the beach and close to a supermarket, very clean.”"\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“This apartement was really good. It is big and comfortable and it has big balcony with a great view.
The staff is so, so kind and hospitable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alexander-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at ALEXANDER are thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts such as air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with satellite channels, refrigerators, and kettles, ensuring a stay that marries convenience with relaxation. The presence of a bath, wardrobe, and a private bathroom with a shower in each unit underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort. Moreover, complimentary WiFi access and select rooms featuring balconies add an extra layer of value, allowing guests to stay connected or enjoy private outdoor moments. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units is a testament to the establishment's attention to detail.

For those incidental needs or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' convenience, while the garden offers a tranquil retreat for relaxation and unwinding in the midst of nature's embrace.

Situated 41 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just 7.7 km from the Rock of Kavaje, ALEXANDER Rooms & Apartments positions itself as a gateway to exploring the local attractions. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 31 km away, further enhances its appeal to both domestic and international travelers looking for a seamless travel experience in Durrës.