---\ntitle: "Aliaj's Guest House"\ndescription: "Aliaj's Guest House, located in the picturesque city of Berat, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494948253.jpg?k=dba20c730cdd8e5b5adf15cbe6d4a57b27e60064f3dba04bbd9406381fedf7ef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aliaj-s-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Abedin Qafoku 1-st Floor, Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.69785216\n  lng: 19.96021305\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494948253.jpg?k=dba20c730cdd8e5b5adf15cbe6d4a57b27e60064f3dba04bbd9406381fedf7ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494947500.jpg?k=31783ef744f0399c6c978adf11aa10704e1edd774bbf5db72e40235fdb1d6ab6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496317505.jpg?k=ada874ed5db7bd3e5ca396bdca0b7f8cec268560cca0c140c4d51ba14371b1d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494947801.jpg?k=61e1bf293288152e0fc230540192af1b38207af29fc412217b6014dc87cde720&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494946974.jpg?k=384b54e33f09c2a4dea00b72e39958bb72028537cbd0c44a55347c84a48570a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494949676.jpg?k=d37d842521da05010d51c0c730b8f4405084037cf0a4c479fce2a0a7a4a19e66&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Ajika 200 m"\n  - "Zgara Zaloshnja 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Efstathios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Great location, everything you need was in the apartment which was spacious with a very comfortable bed. The hosts were friendly, helpful and very welcoming. Safe parking space. We couldn't recommend it more, looking forward to visiting again!”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, very clean and spacious room and the owners were very kind and helpful, highly recommended :)”"\n  - name: "Maaikevanrosmalen"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We loved this place! Everything was perfect. Very clean and spacious room, mattress is great, and there is a good rolling shutter so it's dark in the morning. Just a short walk to town and quiet neighborhood. Besides all that, the family are...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aliajs-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nEach room at Aliaj's Guest House is thoughtfully equipped with a television and a private bathroom that includes a shower and slippers, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing stay. The in-room kitchen, complete with a toaster, fridge, and kitchenware, offers guests the flexibility to prepare their meals, adding a touch of home.

Situated 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the guest house provides easy access for international travelers, making it an ideal base for exploring the historic city of Berat and its surroundings.