---\ntitle: "Alis Hotel"\ndescription: "Alis Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Shkodër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/314581423.jpg?k=923f18aa33e7367b68f42c3efbbc12f2b7abefc29b8633cb406be7f60a92ab08&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alis-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko Perball Gjykates te Rrethit Shkoder, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06495927\n  lng: 19.5125745\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 156\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/314581423.jpg?k=923f18aa33e7367b68f42c3efbbc12f2b7abefc29b8633cb406be7f60a92ab08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227712150.jpg?k=aeea9f91d2ca18bfb66595ccee97338aabf149da9bc8ae0d4ea36f76b5799351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319144155.jpg?k=84c625155ab40459a7d90433f77d21088a1a1583382a0460065e6d046aeb10e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319144147.jpg?k=a510e6cb6feca0d783d1a68afb73493f10ada63bb66f8c015192665e36737ec8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316508602.jpg?k=2d78a6ef3556f6d168c311d6be87b02c6dad5219308675ec24903e98cb7e8e6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316508582.jpg?k=b678854cd30af2f5297ae8a2ef1ea831470947ad806b317919d364b10c614a17&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "FIESTA Bar 30 m"\n  - "Manifatura 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.6 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Henna"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Nice, big room and very comfortable bed!! Quiet room and we slept really well. Hotel staff was really friendly. Motorbike parking in front of the hotel only.”"\n  - name: "Aigars"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Central location, right at the pedestrian area. Limited parking possibilities, but hotel management always help with this. Big room.”"\n  - name: "Abbie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was fabulous. Lovely view and the beds were very comfortable. When we first arrived, they didn’t have our booking but they quickly booked us in.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nUpon entering, guests are welcomed into a realm of modern amenities and thoughtful services designed to ensure a memorable stay. The hotel boasts an array of rooms, each equipped with a private bathroom that includes a shower and bidet, complemented by the added touches of slippers and a hairdryer for guest comfort. Select rooms further enhance the stay experience with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV.

Culinary delights await at the on-site restaurant, where guests can savor a variety of dishes in a cozy setting. The convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking (available upon reservation) underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Around-the-clock assistance is guaranteed with the presence of a 24-hour front desk, and for those in town for business or special events, meeting facilities are readily available. The hotel's proximity to the Main Train Station (1.3 km) and Tirana Airport (86 km) makes it a strategic choice for both leisure and business travelers.

Alis Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of strategic location, essential amenities, and attentive service, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Shkodër.