---\ntitle: "Allure Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Allure Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished 4-star destination in the heart of Tirana, offering an exceptional stay a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and within easy reach of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located just 5."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248208562.jpg?k=6f1d2d600670d677c1e6a51a15acc8876e88ca6386d888df508757919f8bc8d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: allure-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Street Fortuzi Building 137, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33061186\n  lng: 19.81236447\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1031\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248208562.jpg?k=6f1d2d600670d677c1e6a51a15acc8876e88ca6386d888df508757919f8bc8d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248206578.jpg?k=6d0b97abb62505094fa4ace738155c9fc1631075b0e26a0d447f0853503ba544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248208575.jpg?k=cb698a7bcb6f38001dba8be2e011d8e1eb2f7960e7ecc9b58e3e814f1e625473&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248205668.jpg?k=3b02b082363cf2097be8012a2c91239f7babf7e9718a9ab1a4f97fe0a163e677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248205603.jpg?k=6d3bc5354c9761d6fedc1a4fd93677e0b961db32c001a5f1d4174351dc5c8b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248205228.jpg?k=48ebe78a215170dc2eba13a58b3b9efca6fecd853247f5e4dabd5a99d7a21fdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248206550.jpg?k=d54974365d7697ce15108fb294ffb20e26520079ce28814ee3b16734bab2794d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248208512.jpg?k=82499ef2e73c203a9798dd036aef1c950249b5d001a95e7eb20ebc797f577642&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248206595.jpg?k=e29175356d218493e84bbd87cd357de11368389a0ca7d80c05bbeb24b3a1f914&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 40 m"\n  - "Zgara King Pils 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel, clean, pretty and very comfortable. The location was great too! Very good for it's price range!”"\n  - name: "Emre"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“A very friendly establishment. The rooms are clean and new. They help with everything. Everyone is always smiling. I definitely recommend it to everyone.”"\n  - name: "Qiangqiang"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is nice and the property is comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/allure-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest comfort and convenience, featuring a 24-hour front desk, seamless airport transfer services, a welcoming shared lounge, and the essential connectivity of complimentary WiFi. Each room at Allure Boutique Hotel is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels. Safety is paramount, with each room also offering a secure deposit box. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. For added convenience, all rooms are supplied with quality bed linen and towels.

Situated near several of Tirana's must-see attractions, guests have easy access to the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the enlightening House of Leaves, and the serene Rinia Park. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km from the hotel, making Allure Boutique Hotel an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a memorable and comfortable stay in Tirana.