---\ntitle: "Alma's Home"\ndescription: "Alma's Home stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Liro Beach and a short distance from the exclusive Beach at Government Villas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127862756.jpg?k=f1bf6e1b5d82e433f1a166a921599aa36a008a959196d0823d484416cda261db&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alma-s-home\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu KOMPLEKSI REZIDENCIAL UJI I FTOHTE, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41497662\n  lng: 19.48224753\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127862756.jpg?k=f1bf6e1b5d82e433f1a166a921599aa36a008a959196d0823d484416cda261db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139238309.jpg?k=1e354bbdd2ea58ff771a44447553ca6a4de2253a7ec0f73fb96dd2fefe4cc1dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127600322.jpg?k=3ac0cd87a58671dd4f8855afd9bfcf676cb7a07b2edbbc1e7254372e7239959f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127590317.jpg?k=8f2d153938bf94518bd52177c86f65d0c3ac9472f556bd82dc059e4e1b5aa5c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524629143.jpg?k=3a730a8ef150bf442e09fb2852db564c9afb1505595b5a99f7aa3e0b3b6f1b88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524629118.jpg?k=bc287d91ada65d37ee3a7846c3a0b624925968ee5505d6879f9364b62d61b723&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524629039.jpg?k=5adfa7af6ea9a6faa8a8cc990b12cc05a20a0143833672dafb999cea796e26a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524628953.jpg?k=fb226dc92b3b6f47878ac1990a2e3ff386946e3d21cb8ba583388927a4357d0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524628693.jpg?k=324d6a1e3de4d0bd73d63281366d5eb3e55436e4dd5fdc1a7a79157bdf28d032&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera Blu 50 m"\n  - "Mandarine 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 100 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 350 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment was absolutely excellent, everything was according the description and the pictures are authentic. The location is perfect as a family getaway, close enough to enjoy all the action a coastal resort has to offer while being far...”"\n  - name: "Martial"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Hôtes très gentils et sympathiques.
Vue au top.
Grande piscine. Terrasse nickel. Garage pour la voiture.”"\n  - name: "Ági"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Az apartman felszereltségénél, kényelménél, a tulajdonosok figyelmességénél jobbat elképzelni sem lehet. A nagy árnyas teraszról gyönyörű a kilátás, előtte ott a medence mellett saját nyugágyakkal és napernyővel. Onnan közvetlen lejárás van a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alma-39-s-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Alma's Home are designed with comfort and convenience in mind, featuring a range of amenities to enhance the stay of every guest. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with a seating area for relaxation, a coffee machine for those morning delights, and a private bathroom complete with a bidet. For guests who prefer the comforts of home, select rooms offer a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Alma's Home provides air conditioning and a flat-screen TV in each unit, ensuring a pleasant and enjoyable stay. The property takes pride in offering additional conveniences such as complimentary private parking and free WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected and share their memorable experiences.

For those looking to explore the surroundings or needing transportation, Alma's Home offers a car rental service, making it easy to venture out to nearby attractions. Coco Bongo Beach is just a brief drive away, offering a vibrant beach scene, while the historic Kuzum Baba awaits those interested in cultural exploration, located 7.1 km from the property.

Situated 156 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Alma's Home also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless and worry-free travel experience from arrival to departure.

Alma's Home is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises an unforgettable beachfront retreat, combining the comforts of home with the beauty and tranquility of Vlorë's coastal landscape.