---\ntitle: "Alpha Lux Apartment"\ndescription: "Alpha Lux Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643901.jpg?k=ad7e1e23420f3a1319277ef1ce78cfafbc8e04c010b76f60db4480226f37a9cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alpha-lux-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87505443\n  lng: 20.0108567\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643901.jpg?k=ad7e1e23420f3a1319277ef1ce78cfafbc8e04c010b76f60db4480226f37a9cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488027784.jpg?k=9144be5bcea20b39f6ff08b3ccc94ea93093327ae084efadfbca9f1319cbe96e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643906.jpg?k=520e91b3b181d9bf6f7082c066787d069b558037afd4a3041ce5fa044f54227a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643961.jpg?k=a7b1a059df197495c704ea2342d4434fb3c56218805c8c8a9b9403b084bf128e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483032708.jpg?k=c24c4864c9d02de51c5b7bd4d91a479f19954b778a0157fe4c334af27de0a819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488027803.jpg?k=e3bee8e4901855e03ad21e2d7d91bd5b910d8df96bcd8b6e04e7f52f27a3919a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643911.jpg?k=f45d41efe3e89ca6c973d10ce9028698352ebb6e427e2765c90e5af4edf83960&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643928.jpg?k=2706efd19584d40149272063993acfc9a9ef234280d8b3fbc7f3c6d4cd9dc217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483032610.jpg?k=2f7b858f56633b9241cfa4e6146328c7ed565110d2f672b74d476c8407c7ea0f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Nona Qebaptore 20 m"\n  - "Nasto 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 150 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 950 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Enbija"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The property was glorious. It really took my attention while searching . It was exactly as in the photos, and also was perfectly located near one of main streets. The coast was 3 minutes away also the city centre too.
The best one!”"\n  - name: "Erdit"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I really loved staying here. It is a quiet neighborhood near the beach. Everything is near in maximum of 5 minutes. The house was cleaned perfectly and so glorious.”"\n  - name: "Gentiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The position: 10
Comfort: 10
Everything was better than the photo, it was such a nice flat that I really wanted to stay more than 1 night”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alpha-lux-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom designed for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. The kitchen doesn't skimp on amenities either; it's fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, catering to every culinary need. Perhaps one of the most delightful features is the outdoor dining area, where guests can savor their meals against the backdrop of captivating sea views.

Privacy and comfort are paramount at Alpha Lux Apartment, underscored by the inclusion of a private entrance and soundproofing, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life. For those venturing from afar, Ioannina Airport is located 97 km away, making the apartment accessible for international and domestic travelers alike. In essence, Alpha Lux Apartment stands out as a sophisticated base for exploring the enchanting city of Sarandë and its surrounding natural wonders.