---\ntitle: "Alpha Auriga Quiet Apartment"\ndescription: "Alpha Auriga Quiet Apartment emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497436863.jpg?k=267b2af2366de77bdd270c2e6be23e91c5f4cd13b3a04618414e09d94dce92bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alpha-auriga-quiet-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Frosina Plaku Pallati Auriga H 2 Apt 2034, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32760897\n  lng: 19.79844428\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497436863.jpg?k=267b2af2366de77bdd270c2e6be23e91c5f4cd13b3a04618414e09d94dce92bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497599307.jpg?k=92bf5ba7286e8895cb787a81542f84a2898b1a6f19c436f59550fc46199c7b08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497599337.jpg?k=c10efdcf38af206bf7d3c7790bc42fb37276ec3c2020b9b82423d0ece4aea18c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497599534.jpg?k=f2b67ecbb6b960bcca7637ed02da9589c70a3455f3e8ec128be620597b04677e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497599873.jpg?k=8d052eff37469ede14f2f06acca20e4afe264942506b9716a96d95110e902d13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497598850.jpg?k=848327c78d9cc6edd9c565ee130091101e74ee09bf2d2354b08ea35ff3983db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497598624.jpg?k=694b248f065a9cac5f89b14abcdfcfd77276038e38f101c728e33ed566f063a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497599296.jpg?k=7250562ca679867c536c9efb93813ad907800ec7b8c716e381ddcd0d4e9f508b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497598279.jpg?k=2147f1d08eaf909b272c0cb4b6389ff44168536c37f76106902fd02773b98e14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Padrino Catering 150 m"\n  - "Mensa Ladi Albanian Cuisine 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Siamo estremamente soddisfatti del nostro soggiorno. L'appartamento è confortevole, arredato con gusto e pulitissimo. L'host è stato molto gentile e disponibile, ha risposto subito a tutte le nostre domande. Eccellente! Grazie Alpha Auriga.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alpha-auriga-quiet-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a masterpiece of comfort, boasting a spacious balcony that overlooks a peaceful inner courtyard. Guests will find themselves enveloped in the apartment's cozy ambiance, which features a well-appointed bedroom, a welcoming living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a modern bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a hotel.

For those in need of essentials or a quick snack, the convenience of a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of ease to the guest experience. Furthermore, the apartment's strategic location places visitors within easy reach of Tirana's notable attractions, including the historic Former Residence of Enver Hoxha at 2.9 km, the intriguing House of Leaves at 2 km, and the lush expanse of Rinia Park at 2.5 km.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 13 km away, making Alpha Auriga Quiet Apartment not only a peaceful oasis but also a gateway to exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. Whether it's for a short stay or a longer sojourn, this apartment stands out as a top choice for discerning travelers seeking both serenity and the pulse of city life.