---\ntitle: "Alpha Apartments Tirana Free Parking"\ndescription: "Alpha Apartments Tirana 26 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555321.jpg?k=0d53da14e46fe45b256daa66898d47b706f716d1d64583cc228cfaf82b7ef315&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alpha-apartments-tirana-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga Bardhyl, 1015 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33855337\n  lng: 19.83047381\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555321.jpg?k=0d53da14e46fe45b256daa66898d47b706f716d1d64583cc228cfaf82b7ef315&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555573.jpg?k=93619d542074fc9606a727093c89fb59fe53643e715b03b4d7288cae956575fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555464.jpg?k=68cb2e5283aaffbfef469a56d7bd217eea66bfeb7d2eb16c5aef6e53e225b29a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523963340.jpg?k=ad2cf19daf790172938f776eb0f3a079871b0e4937deb78a49bb9a95d06ea487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523963261.jpg?k=1c1f23835e68680b99d4142c31f813509ed2a47e1dbbf7d14ec68a8905d21d7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523963387.jpg?k=22fbd6df340fda056038d05c36154792c20aa238bedd9158a244028e8d61c37a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555591.jpg?k=5cfd1dc9b34cb6ce481c8e7bcccb8334b91dcdd87ae5a282d67534de00200f71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522555529.jpg?k=0faa5685fc1b9e6fc07897e0cfafc39b229f74faba2c29a19be19d57267fcc33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523963366.jpg?k=f6db23a44907328e82fd2ea556baf3790016c6411dabb2c57fa5e6c1b1aa9b7a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (99 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "City Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 900 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aida"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Ich bin sehr zufrieden mit allem. Die Wohnung war sehr sauber und in der Nähe findet man alles , was man braucht, Supermärkte, verschiedene Geschäfte, Restaurants ect. Die Vermieterin war sehr höfflich und immer verfügbar . Alles hat es super...”"\n  - name: "Gert"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great new place with a free parking spot, just need to ask the owner. Will be back 💯”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alpha-apartments-tirana-26.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a spacious layout, complete with air conditioning for those warm Albanian afternoons. Guests will appreciate the added convenience of a private balcony, perfect for enjoying the mountain views or a quiet morning coffee. Complimentary WiFi and private parking are just a few of the thoughtful amenities provided, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Accommodation at Alpha Apartments Tirana 26 includes a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge, and a cozy seating area for unwinding after a day of exploration. The modern bathroom, featuring a walk-in shower, adds a touch of luxury to the guest experience.

For those eager to explore, the apartment is ideally situated near several of Tirana's key attractions. The National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the historic Tanners' Bridge are all within close proximity. Additionally, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is just a stone's throw away, offering cultural enthusiasts a chance to immerse themselves in Albania's rich artistic heritage.

Conveniently located 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Alpha Apartments Tirana 26 serves as a perfect base for both short-term visitors and longer stays. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and serene ambiance, this property stands out as a top accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.