---\ntitle: "Altair Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Altair Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512031377.jpg?k=29c76a0b6b9efd3eccb929e6c25d56f98ddbdcf1034edd7a47da71db2be07aef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: altair-apartment-tirana\naddress: "TIRANE Rruga RRUGA DURRESIT Godina 220 Hyrja 3 Apartamenti 21 APARTAMENT, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33221331\n  lng: 19.80707567\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512031377.jpg?k=29c76a0b6b9efd3eccb929e6c25d56f98ddbdcf1034edd7a47da71db2be07aef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512029167.jpg?k=da0179d8d43db84444dcbfc8d31d165584fe7eaa2c2ed52e527af2abdac418f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512031914.jpg?k=4f28df752c3c7dbf1f93e37d2cd2defddf0d494c9d8be0c5d43b9a548f99934c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512031488.jpg?k=dee01e09d6dce7e7ccba273a61f9056f4dfabdd233c1c9372122b1416bd22a9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512030534.jpg?k=8f5d1e0970834a6e136f4aed43e75640c8feecbfbbf97b701c8f89d3d0d96494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512032168.jpg?k=42b9af48a6645f61b00266c0d8a118cf31c5bcc08d82272cb6ff5ce4154995dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512029328.jpg?k=7401d6b8e69dc225c56fd0ed83061768794c23bfeb4cdc27e4ed20671f19c3f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512032009.jpg?k=063d9c0cfaa396b0dc39b83a79cb32994695ee2dd5b7c88e59cbfef32311eb0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512031190.jpg?k=265733a65c66eafb3548a305bf61994cbe0f1c25503d09e19f5fa5df4a8efc98&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lika 30 m"\n  - "Zio Peppe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Teuta"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Absolutely perfect! Perfect spacious spotless apartment with city view.
The owner of the apartment was the kindest welcoming person.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/altair-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a window into the vibrant city life of Tirana. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a spacious apartment that boasts modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a balcony with sweeping city views adds an extra layer of comfort to the stay. Moreover, the entire property is a smoke-free zone, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks like the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania makes it an ideal base for exploring the rich history and culture of the city.

For those interested in delving deeper into Albania's past, the National Museum of History Albania and the House of Leaves are within easy reach. Leisure seekers will appreciate the nearby Rinia Park for a moment of tranquility amidst the city's hustle and bustle.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the apartment's location, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, making Altair Apartment Tirana a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Altair Apartment Tirana stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the dynamic and historical tapestry of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of the city right at their doorstep.