---\ntitle: "Alti Holiday Apartments ONE"\ndescription: "Alti Holiday Apartments ONE emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Orikum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523021753.jpg?k=c5fdc2d1c559f9b3b8afee4d8e4235c644bbb7975c4a1815c429c4399081d338&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alti-holiday-apartments-one\naddress: "8FVQ+655, Orikum 9426, Albania, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34254445\n  lng: 19.48774284\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523021753.jpg?k=c5fdc2d1c559f9b3b8afee4d8e4235c644bbb7975c4a1815c429c4399081d338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479677332.jpg?k=be0d2b3575569edae29541d061d3f3e8ffb56ab2dbc6136685c82f9f5bdf66d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479677375.jpg?k=07a8104d332055cf5f7bf2ff840e127e4390113a713cd38e7a454489804ca777&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479679246.jpg?k=0b4d1a3a2d4245be92a393b5bb72bc8dafbe866889305e0f63c3775e040ea504&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479677380.jpg?k=6d320e9d849c3218fcf84a82538dfb0963401e77869ea560e31a585e3e3e9cf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479674275.jpg?k=23d21e6e13e5a6a8ed3c312ad3adf9bee6a8296c606256ddbd2e4d79d30043f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479679130.jpg?k=d65c9c5817d4f9043b0f0fc90b18861ff42c5742f5ff71108df395e5e0d49fe9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479676696.jpg?k=714bb6bbf005956863c1852804985bbddf44532231a1b28fcea52d8ad2976e1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479676630.jpg?k=d71195779b447d2bb0174eff81718c2999fc893ac1894f7669d64c5cfd8b0bef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Freskia 450 m"\n  - "Babale 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 450 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 550 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fiora"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“It was clean, easy to find thanks to the pictures and very functional.”"\n  - name: "Elodie"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The accommodation is top, located near the sea. Easy communication.”"\n  - name: "Brikena"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very clean and quiet environment. Clean air and far from the road. Ideal for families. Very helpful staff. Apartment with sea and mountain view. Great surprise we also found the LAVATRICE in our apartment which was very helpful. Equipped kitchen....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/del-marinaio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully designed with tiled floors and comes equipped with a fully functional kitchen, including a refrigerator, a cozy dining area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a private bathroom with a shower. Select units also offer the added luxury of a terrace or balcony, presenting breathtaking mountain views that promise to elevate the stay. Comfort is further ensured with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all units.

For those planning to explore the local sights, Alti Holiday Apartments ONE facilitates memorable adventures by offering packed lunches perfect for day trips. Moreover, the property is strategically located, with notable attractions such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square both 16 km away, making it an ideal base for exploring the region.

Guests have the privilege of engaging in fishing activities in the vicinity or simply relaxing in the lush garden that surrounds the apartments. With the addition of amenities such as a shared kitchen, round-the-clock security, and currency exchange services, the apartments ensure a hassle-free and secure stay.

Located 165 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Alti Holiday Apartments ONE stands out as a stellar accommodation choice for those wishing to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and tranquility of Orikum, making it a highly recommended option for both short and extended stays.