---\ntitle: "Alvero Hotel"\ndescription: "Alvero Hotel emerges as a charming retreat in Përmet, offering guests a seamless blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262867169.jpg?k=c98e1311588028a3037dc2d27a7745342b51794fb13f68e0af52f5aaf937046d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: alvero-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mentor Xhemali, nn, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.23345721\n  lng: 20.3536712\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262867169.jpg?k=c98e1311588028a3037dc2d27a7745342b51794fb13f68e0af52f5aaf937046d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307802132.jpg?k=98009956153a530c049e3156d0a54d9656ab592f8c1162afe4c764a30a977659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262869621.jpg?k=67cbf5c956fe5a5fc9e9bd0bfc1d8123027a1ccf3aa4851c4530110956192c52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262869666.jpg?k=22da24d1544114e670f9528c7203a6781922e966cec552c47af37c3516eddb20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307804234.jpg?k=bf99d149f23eae29de97bfe7801f690673e96bdc0474731c1d04a4f9849ac241&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262867158.jpg?k=8e7f9c7b13936f305916110676fb47288ecf86897309dd06e40877e9daf7f9e8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Funky Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Sofra Përmetare 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Clare"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Had a great stay. Lovely hotel in the centre of Permet. We were upgraded to a suite - excellent views all around. Very comfortable, lots of extras like slippers, robe. The owners seem to really care about their guests. Very helpful with questions....”"\n  - name: "Mathias"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very warm welcome. Practical location to discover the region. Nice people. Willingness to help.
Comfortable room. Good breakfast (dairy, eggs, vegetables, marmalade, bread, cake, cornflakes, coffee (quite light), juices. Easy access by car.”"\n  - name: "Savo"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very friendly stuff, nice location in the center, nice rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alvero.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Alvero Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room features a flat-screen TV with an array of satellite channels, catering to a variety of entertainment preferences. Select rooms elevate the guest experience further with a cozy seating area, perfect for relaxation after a day of exploration. The allure of nature is brought indoors with rooms offering stunning views of the river, garden, or cityscape. For added convenience, every room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower and bidet, complemented by the thoughtful touches of slippers and a hairdryer.

For those seeking a memento of their stay, the hotel's gift shop presents a collection of unique finds. Adventure enthusiasts will find Alvero Hotel to be an excellent base for engaging in the diverse activities the surrounding area has to offer. Whether it's cycling, fishing, rafting, or canoeing, the hotel's proximity to these outdoor pursuits ensures an unforgettable experience. Notably, the picturesque village of Papigo lies just 43 km away, inviting guests to explore its scenic charm.

Alvero Hotel stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of leisure and adventure in the heart of Përmet.