---\ntitle: "Amadeus 1 Apartament"\ndescription: "Amadeus 1 Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363759535.jpg?k=95fd5d8d9e940c3f602b9fe9bd7a901be2039f8e94ac1c8dc9ee0b2d85646643&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amadeus-1-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Bërxolli, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32612211\n  lng: 19.81477726\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363759535.jpg?k=95fd5d8d9e940c3f602b9fe9bd7a901be2039f8e94ac1c8dc9ee0b2d85646643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363759186.jpg?k=39d995436e2bd52079130ff08e599edebbb7b65760a449e8c3aa34ce1defae33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363758168.jpg?k=11b6e9894b1e72d890a553c01aa1e0fc62a799c78f0c23cd1b93bf212784f3ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363757403.jpg?k=3891ef3612831c41fe3a0062ae01e8512e898feda647508a30cf92f274568ebb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405394366.jpg?k=e0d6ef8fd94f967f46b7f054355c90bc1d7cdda139475eda1e379bb71dfe8c86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363757911.jpg?k=013207205204fa70a10b8ae2c610a595798161f5f1b23e338d5e9cbb7fdcb3a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363758402.jpg?k=88fbd41e7c8270601b5cfe8b155c92eaf5ab84864fdfcf1f078671722ad27193&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363757480.jpg?k=3a49ddfbb7b2fcabd5a17f1f4d5fecede1f3ddd413a16c81c391c93afaeae17d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363763204.jpg?k=68dd03f9ff0bdbff17d291929c7eae50e3d29cb4470684035ebb3346d6d4ee37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Barcode 100 m"\n  - "Posta 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Natalie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really comfortable and clean. Well stocked kitchen. Good air con. Handy to have washing machine. Kindly allowed us to check in a little early. Fantastic location - walkable to all city sights. Shops and restaurants nearby.”"\n  - name: "Rodica"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The flat is very central,we find it quiet and very welcoming,although the block from outside does not look great.
Inside the flat is beautifully and carefully decorated,very comfortable and has everything for an enjoyable stay.Nespresso coffee...”"\n  - name: "Verena"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything worked smooth and Lerti was very helpful and responsive to all our questions 😊. Thank you Lerti for a great expirience in Tirana 🇦🇱”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amad-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned retreat is thoughtfully designed with a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes modern amenities such as a dishwasher and a coffee machine, catering to the needs of both short-term and extended stays. The inclusion of a luxurious hot tub and a hairdryer in the bathroom adds a touch of indulgence to the guest experience, while the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the apartment's attention to detail.

Privacy is paramount at Amadeus 1 Apartment, which is evident from the private entrance that leads into the accommodation, offering guests an exclusive and uninterrupted stay. Situated less than 1 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and in close proximity to other attractions like Rinia Park, House of Leaves, and the Clock Tower Tirana, the apartment serves as an ideal base for those keen to delve into the city's cultural and architectural treasures.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the apartment's location, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, making Amadeus 1 Apartment a highly convenient option for international travelers. Whether it's the strategic location, the array of in-house amenities, or the tranquil setting, Amadeus 1 Apartment is poised to offer an unforgettable stay in Tirana.