---\ntitle: "Amansar Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Amansar Boutique Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in the vibrant heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a short drive from the city's iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385800774.jpg?k=6efe024858e4e074325b8472816c9ea0aa10e31f5d04e457c96172c60627d8b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amansar-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Tahsim Shehu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.349374\n  lng: 19.842088\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385800774.jpg?k=6efe024858e4e074325b8472816c9ea0aa10e31f5d04e457c96172c60627d8b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385801291.jpg?k=4c1f0a41540aa648acb58aed0e7cb3c2aeac49ec0d681d1e95c23043ea8924d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385801107.jpg?k=83f410c90d8632dba5fa7ea0d13698614c7f64a8816539663a8472b31e5fbee1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385801140.jpg?k=4327cb509e8f1d83b0962c2024ded9c42dae582ccae2888562706f2bb836a804&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385800810.jpg?k=655a86625237c00638f4ea55475d8b689ff6bd21a1c5220281059c89f5959bd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385800954.jpg?k=68e0c7079f70366e4e186a1e82aa73c05af487354814177b886c21743792d8fb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 250 m"\n  - "Piceri Rruga Ura 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.7 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.7 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tingyue"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“Clean, cozy and spacious room. Everything was exactly the same as what we have seen from the pictures online. Fantastic service Interior and the hosts were really welcoming. They did great favour to us and assisted us a lot.”"\n  - name: "Melissa"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Issi was great we managed to communicate well even though we don't speak Albanian and he didn't speak much English. Google translate helped a lot. Issi was very friendly and outgoing. We arrived a little later in the evening, and he helped us...”"\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Фантастический сервис Интерьер, музыкальное сопровождение в холле
Мебель, матрас, подушки, одеяла
Чистота
Персонал - клиентоориентированность на высшем уровне!
Запах полотенец (чем вы их стираете?)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amansar-boutique-tirana2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Amansar Boutique Hotel is a testament to thoughtful luxury, offering guests a private balcony from which to enjoy the serene surroundings. The interiors are designed for relaxation and convenience, featuring a cozy seating area, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a pristine private bathroom equipped with complimentary toiletries and a bidet. The addition of air conditioning and a desk in every room ensures that guests enjoy both comfort and functionality throughout their stay.

The hotel's commitment to exceptional service is evident in its multilingual staff, available around the clock at the front desk, ready to assist guests in English, Italian, Albanian, and Turkish. This dedication to guest satisfaction makes Amansar Boutique Hotel a preferred choice for travelers seeking a seamless and enriching experience.

Beyond its immediate comforts, the hotel's location offers easy access to the cultural heartbeat of the city, with the Bunk'Art 1 Museum and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just a short distance away. For those looking to explore further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at 45 km from the hotel, promising an adventure for the more intrepid traveler.

Situated conveniently 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Amansar Boutique Hotel stands as a beacon of tranquility and luxury, promising an escape that blends the best of Tirana's cultural offerings with the utmost in hospitality and comfort.