---\ntitle: "Amantia apartment"\ndescription: "Amantia Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-d/bebbb1d5ff29328157080e4e2e5d15a29c5aa34a.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amantia-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Besim Zyma, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3380321\n  lng: 19.8361888\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-d/bebbb1d5ff29328157080e4e2e5d15a29c5aa34a.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/hu/23236feab5833cd09ce5c8048a125ec301a1fbe6.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385020889.jpg?k=4ac1a06831f7af7c0c8a7a59aeb324da566bcd97a6ac92c7d29b8245432c9c18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/385020898.jpg?k=9dce4e6ed6fc5983c12e568f894da82c2edf2cfa530a79005bfa7ae646721c77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/385020900.jpg?k=1741521b0c67f4238fec6d754fb0877474157555236e60cd1db34afdba36fc89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/385020901.jpg?k=e94894be099831ef95b4613c2cd95ecbc50f4d952614451874ccee5e70500067&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/385020904.jpg?k=6ce873a64305512eb658d43c051974572dad9733724fe97d204b06e5da5034e6&o=&hp=1"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama 1 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dash"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Was evrth OK clean near to hospital very nice view. No bad smells.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amantia-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a sanctuary of comfort. Guests are welcomed into a space thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy bedroom, and a modern bathroom, complemented by air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring relaxation is always at hand.

For those intrigued by local culture and history, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is conveniently located just 1.9 km away, promising enchanting evenings of performance art. Meanwhile, the Clock Tower Tirana invites guests to delve into the city's rich past, located just 2.9 km from the apartment.

Shopping enthusiasts and culinary adventurers will find the Toptani Shopping Centre within easy reach, offering a diverse array of local and international brands and eateries. Additionally, the spiritual Bektashi World Centre is situated a brief journey away, offering a unique insight into Albania's religious heritage.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 15 km away, making Amantia Apartment a hassle-free option for international travelers. Whether it's the allure of Tirana's cultural landmarks, the convenience of nearby shopping and dining, or simply the comfort of a well-appointed apartment, Amantia Apartment stands out as a top-tier choice for discerning visitors to Albania's vibrant capital.