---\ntitle: "Amara Apartments Vlore"\ndescription: "Amara Apartments Vlore stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460936041.jpg?k=6e8118660ec182105d264ad2506efb7fa66824a661da2eef9e7a189f82ec164c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amara-apartments-vlore\naddress: "Rruga Uji i Ftohte, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41615694\n  lng: 19.48585655\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 7.3\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460936041.jpg?k=6e8118660ec182105d264ad2506efb7fa66824a661da2eef9e7a189f82ec164c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460936016.jpg?k=f178010eee611c606d8e215181e3f15bc98686a0a2a97e6f4bb4ee758bb784b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460936564.jpg?k=9b077aa292d52f7a8a7a717ee6c49096d3ce4eb55ab0c8f83730bb479e2c90f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460960246.jpg?k=876ed0559eaadc1c7e261032a509e7bafc398a32aa98077fd3d47972d5df26ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460938326.jpg?k=3e0600a2e8181c931062bf6eccf8636ff66efbad2207f0fa882386db4b6aeba3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460936560.jpg?k=fd18ae62f92d0018ac217b9acd6d1615921c45100756d89ce2cd6bf1dd44d19a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Pool View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla E Jonit 30 m"\n  - "Movida 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 150 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 450 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amara-apartments-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on providing a seamless stay with amenities designed to cater to every guest's needs. Each air-conditioned unit is thoughtfully equipped with a sofa bed, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The inclusion of a well-appointed kitchen and dining area in every apartment allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, adding a touch of home-away-from-home comfort. For those seeking to soak in the scenic views, select units boast balconies featuring outdoor dining areas overlooking the sea, perfect for enjoying a meal or a moment of tranquility.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Amara Apartments Vlore enhances the guest experience with a range of facilities. Complimentary WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests stay connected, while the convenience of free private parking and the option of a paid airport shuttle service offer peace of mind. The on-site restaurant serves as a delightful spot for dining, and the presence of full-day security underscores the property's commitment to guest safety.

For adventurers looking to explore the surroundings, Amara Apartments Vlore facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site. The property's location also serves as a gateway to the region's rich history and culture, with Kuzum Baba and Independence Square located just a short drive away. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, although a distance, ensures a relatively straightforward journey to this charming retreat.

In summary, Amara Apartments Vlore emerges as a top contender for those in search of a comfortable, convenient, and well-equipped stay in Vlorë. With its blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and attentive services, it promises an enjoyable and hassle-free experience for all who visit.