---\ntitle: "Amar Apartments"\ndescription: "Amar Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Sarandë, boasting a splendid combination of sea views and modern comforts."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533943.jpg?k=f6b919c1eba60094621d7a8561324f1c607c52b6b6c3b03de38d2914696d1b19&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amar-apartments\naddress: "Saranda, AL - Corfu, GR, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86817919\n  lng: 20.02383754\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533943.jpg?k=f6b919c1eba60094621d7a8561324f1c607c52b6b6c3b03de38d2914696d1b19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471534021.jpg?k=2dc1a87b47abf7f7a4eb8c6d8466521a32c1603c06f8120cb7492ca5e543cf20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533935.jpg?k=12f8c329e2b1316fb9b05bca25d66c994806165b0ef6d84a311b9613a01ffc6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533938.jpg?k=966d2552732b14f465c58cf5b0eedd24a13bf3a26c3a0b19b9860e0b7d08c164&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471534023.jpg?k=b0e1b95f5507b3f7b306934336be693d07f7bc8a4ba4f3574613b335a6ffeb64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533951.jpg?k=89a5f5e8c55a8c7266afd8589726111631f6a5bc9896dd8ae6c12e9d003b288e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471533936.jpg?k=a8566b4b41773acaa4b4d472b2045df6a66f68102b0c320f06273041745533b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471534028.jpg?k=a38fb6f166c82bc6065c54113d1eebae8c238aa02f9d4928d6aacd5eee094b65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365897987.jpg?k=3c7f0ab1228b768669f43d276b9e8d2870242eb16931116b5c17854cfc8c85a2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 200 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 650 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 800 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Nice, helpful hosts. Private parking, equipped kitchen, washing machine - all perfect. Located on the hill, so consider walking up and down.”"\n  - name: "Ferenc"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartment (kitchen area, room, bathroom) is furnished with new furniture. The owners keep it extremely clean and tidy. The owners are very helpful, flexible and kind. The view of the city from the terrace is beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Mariia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The owners of the house are extremely pleasant , nice people and friendly. they help quickly if something is needed. The apartments are in a great location, on a mountain with a beautiful view. The room has a kitchen, a refrigerator, a stove,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amar-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Amar Apartments is its thoughtfully designed accommodation, featuring a bedroom equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring guests are never far from the comforts of home. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, alongside a washing machine, adds a layer of convenience for longer stays. The bathroom doesn't disappoint either, with a walk-in shower that promises a refreshing start or end to any day.

One cannot overlook the charm of dining al fresco on the apartment's terrace, where meals are enjoyed against a backdrop of stunning mountain views. The added benefits of soundproofing and a private entrance underscore the apartment's commitment to privacy and peace for all guests.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, the complex invites guests to embrace the outdoors with a dedicated picnic area, perfect for leisurely days under the sun. 

For those looking to explore the local area, La Petite Beach and VIP Beach are within easy reach, located 1.7 km and 2.4 km away, respectively. Furthermore, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, 95 km away, makes Amar Apartments a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Amar Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice in Sarandë, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, privacy, and scenic beauty, ideal for those looking to immerse themselves in the tranquility of the Albanian Riviera.