---\ntitle: "Amaris Apartments"\ndescription: "Amaris Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276932.jpg?k=ee6443397c82d1649a423e7e85d00c47fb90c0be635a07430bca95197331349b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amaris-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29551908\n  lng: 19.5061314\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276932.jpg?k=ee6443397c82d1649a423e7e85d00c47fb90c0be635a07430bca95197331349b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360277022.jpg?k=6c90d2d3f8d47dab72dc4f73405e2a1fca0825359d89f890f6d2b3e12fc2c50c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276891.jpg?k=9e289c88ccc5736453ce66e79f9c937a1ebbad77dc75b35d88444821e5c3d365&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276990.jpg?k=76269139f950384bea5d61a7d15c860013e4683289e1be89ed9bcce3da198448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360277013.jpg?k=a116d21d809c015c61f06923c80de36c454e703a677a371192df1bc0e94aeebb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276971.jpg?k=cee88a45622fd983891d50fef82772f953e8a153f7525135c469da48fc9dc189&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360276912.jpg?k=84ffa99dd179fe9a79308a2295d8396acf3d4f64d1c0ff1905d6397fc53865b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360277007.jpg?k=45d3005ad3d7e411da349238d6e85855193288958cac44e816b96579edc4b2de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367063615.jpg?k=7f022119ab29d2243ba7c92565be2057a1f2594005d219b90def3873aa498b78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 300 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Катя"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“clean, comfortable for a vacation with children, spacious, with a good location! responsive hosts!”"\n  - name: "Djurisic"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“It was unforgettable! The apartment is very luxurious and fully equipped with everything you need for a complete vacation. The beaches are spacious and clean, and the sea is incredibly warm. People are kind and friendly. The owner of the...”"\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The appartment is modern, well-equipped, spacious and has everything you might need. It has the washing machine as well and drying rack, which is also a plus. The owner is super nice and always available in case you need anything.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amaris-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Amaris Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to make their stay as relaxing and enjoyable as possible. Each apartment boasts a private balcony that overlooks the lush garden, providing a serene backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The living spaces are thoughtfully equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a seating area for unwinding, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The convenience of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and a hairdryer adds to the comfort, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience.

Privacy and ease are paramount, with each unit offering a private entrance alongside the inclusion of essential bed linen and towels, streamlining the packing process for guests. The property is also inclusive, featuring family rooms and facilities for disabled guests, emphasizing its commitment to accommodating all travelers.

For those looking to enjoy the outdoors, the apartment complex provides a picturesque picnic area, perfect for a leisurely day under the sun. Despite its tranquil location, Amaris Apartments remains within reach of urban attractions. The historic Skanderbeg Square is located 41 km away, and the adventure of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is 45 km from the property, offering guests a blend of relaxation and exploration. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 35 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Amaris Apartments stands out as an ideal lodging choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Durrës while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed beachfront property.