---\ntitle: "Ambassador Skyline Apartments"\ndescription: "Ambassador Skyline Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423676386.jpg?k=91de872af69bb4181b526e14b858b6649fd320a78a8b5b62328717c58e1503f9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ambassador-skyline-apartments\naddress: "3 Rruga Dervish Hima, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31833923\n  lng: 19.82586773\nprice: "US$169"\npriceFrom: 169\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 161\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423676386.jpg?k=91de872af69bb4181b526e14b858b6649fd320a78a8b5b62328717c58e1503f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408988693.jpg?k=5fe02f5a7c05b2516aa49038a1938376836edb139d06f63d4a15e7e30252a54a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423678223.jpg?k=e537103647bafc17912960c21312ff37151f139fb6977a95b9b288cb4e303b5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423676332.jpg?k=43cb242785a34091d739503fbebc59b4c6e2b60df8c2e19b0880c31fbc9c60e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423676387.jpg?k=272d45ef244765c6411574155decf8d8ec2c588b3f520a1fdd4a2d597df58de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423676333.jpg?k=b4cc016882810406677c59e58c79776ad31b6fc5bb66dd526b79a8925c4a6ca8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zesty Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Löwengrube 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 20 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pavel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“nice accommodation with a beautiful view. Mira was very nice, she helped us plan our trip. she sent us the coordinates of the bus station and recommended good restaurants in the area”"\n  - name: "Tabea"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment and view
We were so happy to be able to check in earlier and rest, thanks especially to Besa”"\n  - name: "Nanon"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment, the view of the bathtub is breathtaking, I couldn’t get enough. Ervis gave me such a warm welcome and shared me some amazing recommendations for food & activities. Thank you !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ambassador-skyline-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe aparthotel prides itself on offering air-conditioned accommodations that come with a steam room, ensuring a relaxing retreat after a day of exploration. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, including an oven, and a cozy seating area complemented by a flat-screen TV. The convenience of in-unit washing machines and private bathrooms, complete with baths and bathrobes, adds to the comfort of the stay. For those who appreciate a view, select units boast balconies that offer breathtaking mountain vistas, while all guests will enjoy the added touches of bed linen and towels provided for a homely feel.

For everyday needs, a minimarket on the premises ensures guests have everything at their fingertips. Moreover, the aparthotel facilitates sightseeing tours, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions, including the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud.

Situated 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Ambassador Skyline Apartments also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, this aparthotel is a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.