---\ntitle: "Amelia Apartments"\ndescription: "Amelia Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Paradise Beach in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206118155.jpg?k=f581b8116632a27c244a62d532fd0e7b3023ee784e5805f4bd098b7c338139f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amelia-apartments\naddress: "Hasan Tahsini Road, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76329268\n  lng: 19.99924947\nprice: "US$323"\npriceFrom: 323\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206118155.jpg?k=f581b8116632a27c244a62d532fd0e7b3023ee784e5805f4bd098b7c338139f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485349453.jpg?k=43af7cc823f24601d773540238a230eaea065bdcc5fd86fd9fb78b00999d1cf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490283134.jpg?k=3b3db9607922afa97232e0354d688dc65a4b89cd0a827d1e7470acf876f67c44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489917560.jpg?k=aaaecf913b2c88087826910b0ae77548eae09739a3fcdd0de5fe7d0eb60c197c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484988707.jpg?k=77d221b302e40fe896688687f25df8a07f65bea4493c2db208056973ef9e546e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484996891.jpg?k=89f31d60f6cdb53a4c0676d460683419830fc006d63f58f20c3d2e7b86757438&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (17 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 200 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 450 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 500 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Our host Ola, the location, and the rooftop bar really made this visit for us! The hotel was close enough to the beach that it was easy to walk there, but far enough away that the noise of the beach bars didn’t disturb our sleep. Our room was...”"\n  - name: "Thor"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“The room had a good size with a fridge, balcony and own bathroom. It was clean and fine. The wifi worked alright but sometimes a little unstable. The place is just a few minutes walk from the closest beach and the city center with plenty of...”"\n  - name: "Beatrice"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L’albergo è semplice, ma confortevole e ha tutto quello che serve per godersi una vacanza al mare. Si trova fuori dall’aerea più trafficata di Ksamil ma con una piacevole passeggiata puoi raggiungere facilmente le spiagge e il centro con bar e...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amelia-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its array of family-friendly rooms, complemented by an inviting outdoor fireplace that adds a touch of warmth to the cool seaside evenings. For those who prefer the comfort of their own space, select apartments come equipped with air conditioning, a dining area, and a cozy seating area, complete with a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the well-appointed kitchens available in some units, featuring an oven, fridge, and stovetop, perfect for preparing home-cooked meals.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, guests are invited to unwind in the on-site bar or lounge, offering a relaxed atmosphere for socializing or simply enjoying a quiet evening. For outdoor enthusiasts, the apartment complex features a picturesque picnic area, ideal for spending a day soaking up the sun and the scenic surroundings.

Strategically positioned, Amelia Apartments is a mere 600 meters from both Lori Beach and the vibrant Ksamil Beach 9, offering ample opportunities for beachside relaxation and water activities. Moreover, the historic Butrint National Park is just 3 km away, promising a fascinating excursion for history buffs and nature lovers alike. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 92 km from the property, making Amelia Apartments an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

In summary, Amelia Apartments stands out as a top-tier destination for those in pursuit of a memorable stay in Ksamil, offering a perfect blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience.