---\ntitle: "Amelie's Apartments & Beach Saranda"\ndescription: "Amelie's Apartments & Beach Saranda stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the main beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476148458.jpg?k=951a32d710807db7ffc71102114f0680f146a844715841cf3dcfacccabcc0766&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amelie-s-apartments-beach-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.870873\n  lng: 19.996831\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 89\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476148458.jpg?k=951a32d710807db7ffc71102114f0680f146a844715841cf3dcfacccabcc0766&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456531896.jpg?k=4b9a9e6a86b8029b69bf7a177829f522c5bef276cd98d39aa61edcfcac59fa7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456533423.jpg?k=4f737491124ee9c56ff555e9d64bdf208b83097ed92da53593725da784f24c88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484355254.jpg?k=379d86e4de778d019496661e6f63ad105b5c563dffd4852ce6276a932fe02942&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476148067.jpg?k=229fc0f316580ac0a669c577f082826feeb6f859b6b8580b5a85b57578d1542a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471541339.jpg?k=3697fe38cb1359df83b0c2adbc1b918fd6597615a3f5a350894b2e82efab1158&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456531291.jpg?k=cefef3f361dbd17b5985fdb390bd1fb1fe1331f13e59fff7482f87fd874482ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481756552.jpg?k=8a84a7290d4443e44633df132c5b3f9c2f6fa7e93945965041f17420d8cd363b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451419065.jpg?k=4f3ec4f4b6cf5d601aad76c73670ca1d864d401aed7e08dfc78e728c7091e26c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vibes Lounge Bar 6 m"\n  - "Hot Dog 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kimberly"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The location was perfect…close to beach, port, bus station and everything one would need but also far enough away as to provide peace and quiet.”"\n  - name: "Polly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, lovely little beach and nice to have the sun loungers and umbrella included with the hotel. Easy to walk to main promenade - (be sure to visit the archeological museum if visiting Sarande!)”"\n  - name: "Lejla"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“friendly and accommodating hosts, especially Amelia❤️. Apartment next to the beach. clean. the view is beautiful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amelie-39-s-apartments-amp-beach-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's strategic location places it within easy reach of Saranda City Beach, merely 1.4 km away, and not much further from the tranquil Saranda Bay Beach, located 1.8 km from the premises. Each room at Amelie's Apartments & Beach Saranda opens up to a balcony, presenting guests with the opportunity to bask in the breathtaking sea views that define this picturesque region.

Accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a fully outfitted kitchen, catering to the needs of both short-term and extended stays. The private bathrooms, complete with showers and hairdryers, along with the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, underscore the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

The multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk, proficient in Greek, English, and Italian, are always on hand to assist guests, ensuring a seamless and hassle-free experience throughout their stay.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate comforts of the hotel, Butrint National Park offers a rich tapestry of history and natural beauty, located just 18 km away. Additionally, the proximity of Ioannina Airport, 98 km from the hotel, facilitates easy access for international travelers.

In summary, Amelie's Apartments & Beach Saranda emerges as a distinguished destination for those in pursuit of a memorable seaside escape in Sarandë, combining the comforts of home with the luxuries of a top-tier hotel experience.