---\ntitle: "Amel Apartment"\ndescription: "Amel Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Tirana, positioned just a short distance from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481262012.jpg?k=0a99b9bb265f59f1f4256f4f0bdeacab8912ba384dfec4b1244e1dc24b5dc887&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amel-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ndre Mjeda Kompleksi Magnet, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3268264\n  lng: 19.79566337\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481262012.jpg?k=0a99b9bb265f59f1f4256f4f0bdeacab8912ba384dfec4b1244e1dc24b5dc887&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481263150.jpg?k=d0740aa361f8b1b19602be79e5af3fd0af4cc05ed37e4c9a5e82c4c53e3f207a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481261555.jpg?k=2a91b6f62d404328f0491c8127bf1ca097d37d9bd5b89c19dffd2f00ea30e6af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481263480.jpg?k=3e07edebc7007e6a2173c4c6790c349c6a23827601e3263addb0b636baa35e1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481263673.jpg?k=1d4282b05de88ff278caa537c09c9b7aa571a89a88a8ec57f446656058994245&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482528124.jpg?k=7774e921c813a5cfa58490ed0cf4932e50d149db978aaecf64b987a41436a6e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486759665.jpg?k=baf94c0e43d14f5bc911493b345aba08765724ba3ed68aa2361d6d2be6442fb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481261949.jpg?k=6545df34a7a07460a78a2eee870a11d815d93b2fa5bcc2aed80ececb1a18a056&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478440684.jpg?k=60f1aa8cb4872e2020a88d240cee7bd71f1fb82d76a08e4c8ecdd8283d3eabe8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Laguna Blu 20 m"\n  - "Casa Caffe 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I've booked the apartment for my parents and they loved their stay here. The apartment was spotlessly clean, beautifully decorated, and well-maintained. Located in a peaceful neighbourhood, only 15 mins by walk to city center, it's a perfect place...”"\n  - name: "Danilo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento è super curato nei minimi dettagli. C'è tutto il necessario per soggiornare in estrema tranquillità. Addirittura abbiamo trovato delle bottiglie di acqua nel frigo, che non tutti fanno trovare e della frutta fresca. La posizione è...”"\n  - name: "Gregory"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Το δωμάτιο ηταν πεντακάθαρο και ανετο για 4 στομα. Λιγα λεπτα απο την κεντρική πλατεία. Ο οικοδεσπότης πολυ καλος ευγενικός και εξυπηρετικος. Το συστήνω ανεπιφύλακτα”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amel-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spacious, modern living, boasting a balcony that offers tranquil garden views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a kitchen equipped with modern appliances including an oven and a toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's attention to detail. Notably, the space is designed to be allergy-friendly and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

Dining venues are conveniently located near Amel Apartment, allowing guests to explore the local culinary scene with ease. The property's proximity to historical sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha adds a layer of intrigue to the stay, while the Rock of Kavaje stands as a testament to the natural beauty that surrounds Tirana. For travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is merely 12 km away, making Amel Apartment an ideal choice for both convenience and a peaceful urban escape.