---\ntitle: "Amo Tower Apartment"\ndescription: "Amo Tower Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488567462.jpg?k=ef8a4d2830fe78684b0abd12a5a8b7f14b031ae19e919362c91d7d2ce3dfbcb4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amo-tower-apartment\naddress: "14 Rruga Ukraina e Lirë, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32230358\n  lng: 19.81901271\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488567462.jpg?k=ef8a4d2830fe78684b0abd12a5a8b7f14b031ae19e919362c91d7d2ce3dfbcb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479784607.jpg?k=fe5c4277913ce7eb2f88cfd84e20673f2f7c22e08699dab08bd46b9823659719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430142756.jpg?k=7a3fc4c220de0eeb05d74eafbcf509bb26f71eaaa8d331c49719c59ba406baf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479784378.jpg?k=df8fdf4466ce1f462c3a0e097ef9d14eabe3c6cf6f803b40472477064905e95e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422676599.jpg?k=99391aa536b3707f44558af6fe21ca9d4c6dd3e45c4f7d33404ce4e1c7fd8af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479782963.jpg?k=44eb906885ea798c933580ba5757fb59293f2c14a64fe902d6f9c03b8710b3a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479784532.jpg?k=a949ec93a5c337c697416cc9549e7668218e1a71af0b2d7d330eb22363f8f999&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479784108.jpg?k=54b3b7cfa2c1ed27c1e089856ba8d53574ecc00a3161e7a9e86e1ac09155afa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483957955.jpg?k=10fcfcd3a9a96be480d43f9eb6ceabfe36787c7e7e496d8b86cae950020487e8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (33 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gusto di Jon 5 m"\n  - "Caramel 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 250 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zef"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“At the centre of Tirana. Nice place and very close to shops, restaurants and park. Everything prefect.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amo-tower-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis generously sized apartment is not just about its ideal location; it offers guests a panoramic view of the city from its inviting balcony. The interior is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, three living areas, and comes equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen with a refrigerator. The presence of two bathrooms, each featuring a bidet, adds a layer of convenience, while the option to request towels and linens is a thoughtful touch. Emphasizing privacy and security, the apartment benefits from a private entrance and round-the-clock security services.

For those looking to explore Tirana at their own pace, Amo Tower Apartment facilitates this with an available car rental service. Its location is a gateway to discovering the city's cultural landmarks, such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts.

Situated 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment eases travel worries with its offered paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless arrival and departure experience. Amo Tower Apartment stands as a testament to the blend of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful services, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana.