---\ntitle: "Amos City Center Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Amos City Center Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048979.jpg?k=3e842a10c2eef2324495af1b166aa2afab1c04cd7ae22c71e90a14a58c777e69&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amos-city-center-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Fadil Rada, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32815607\n  lng: 19.82654345\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048979.jpg?k=3e842a10c2eef2324495af1b166aa2afab1c04cd7ae22c71e90a14a58c777e69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505413862.jpg?k=db0cbd20e8dc2226f845911abca760312475551bd5068d67488d564482266a22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505055491.jpg?k=3cae3cea740680b7a3f7e3136f59a55076afe1543792558566ba3920a0b664ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048973.jpg?k=a68e1f841fb397b20cfc9d435f7808d79e5576e11f5a08160ca2582f8f15a1a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048967.jpg?k=16853baad627a9bef0178bfb9165d6ba404a87aaef9b79a2619fc41221a23dd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505051740.jpg?k=e237600304deb1e2c057b1e41e72567a5269f9172026aa8692b18ee0c907f75f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505052793.jpg?k=445a5a237a7640261e464c0711e1818604e6b2e076ede8306109b759f525e7ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048971.jpg?k=8db50bae1437e45ba1d19979024716c47a43c1a26fd767f777d96da13a1afc6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505048965.jpg?k=e4870867e37819abf14c53ea42669dda76cdcbdb66fbfc67b9dc09875451a473&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (82 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Home 100 m"\n  - "VOGUE Caffe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 10 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kezban"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“This apartment was so good for us. It had everything we wanted. Everywhere was so clean and smelled so good . We didn’t need any taxi or car because the location is so close the city center, shopping center, market and any food restaurant. The...”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The apartment was brand new, very clean, amazing location, super spacious. The host, Amos was incredible! He waited for us outside the building, gave us a little apartment tour and handed over the keys. The location was superb! Right next to the...”"\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Nulla da dire è stato tutto piacevole specie nel trovare l appartamento pulito e molto confortevole,da ritornarci se avremo l occasione di visitare nuovamente Tirana”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amos-city-center-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essential amenities, bed linen, towels, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. The living space is further enhanced by a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook.

For those keen to explore, Amos City Center Apartment Tirana is within easy reach of notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal base for both leisure and exploration. Additionally, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, adds to the seamless experience offered by this property.

In essence, Amos City Center Apartment Tirana is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life of Tirana, making it a top recommendation for travelers who wish to immerse themselves in the city's dynamic rhythm.