---\ntitle: "AMR Hotel - Durres"\ndescription: "AMR Hotel - Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience on the Albanian coast."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339105857.jpg?k=feca6e07800730201f97b504c98367f181d7accf741d50e69332eef4834c8664&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: amr-hotel-durres\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes Lagjia 13, Durrës, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27828805\n  lng: 19.5140726\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 436\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339105857.jpg?k=feca6e07800730201f97b504c98367f181d7accf741d50e69332eef4834c8664&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376019673.jpg?k=91ab71fd5edbe4a3eb8b70fa7e6dc3d6eb2be660a156690651d4ab1581b5fa3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339106041.jpg?k=1e1d899ef8aad1d318331621ccbf8103f4284d722517cbc86dcae4552678cc02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376019914.jpg?k=291cd2c4f156db769844bc737575f380cf31694936f87f8a91fbcea992087976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339106054.jpg?k=51d30e3f22c7115084fd2dffd8f6c9e2307f15087579d342c22507fb653b337e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376019842.jpg?k=a86d74fc26de57bce3b93551a38d766c3eb6b9c35144bf51931f74d140d764d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339105986.jpg?k=1413d8d98a11d9077876858b603ed5fa0376c1dbb60243ec1d7dd3d85a1f7c9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376019870.jpg?k=eedc68262f2e6ef2f1dd4a90d4f982900a835c4e4074f6fd41ba31651df77043&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508756915.jpg?k=e2e6ac85be7a83a18994da768b4a78987d1c06ff0b7c1b7eab6070f9f8c99988&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Room with Mountain View"\n  - "King Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Diksons 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Lala 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 10 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 950 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elisabeth"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“AMR HOTEL Durres Beach 🏖️ Everything’s was perfect. !
Thank you Receptionist Girls Very Professional. Thank you / Eleszy Manager. !”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Sparkling clean
Very comfortable
Spatious rooms
Great service
Nice breakfast”"\n  - name: "Andy"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“perfect hotel service, even in the complete off-season. Personnel was very helpful (taxi, breakfast, bar service). Rooms are very new and with all you need, very comfy bed, view to the ocean (we understand this is paid extra), convenient location...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amr.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at AMR Hotel - Durres is thoughtfully appointed with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, alongside a safety deposit box for personal security. Select accommodations offer captivating city views, with every room extending the luxury of a private balcony. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels, making for a restful night's sleep.

Morning risers are greeted with a choice of buffet, à la carte, or continental breakfast options, setting the stage for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's multilingual staff, fluent in Catalan, English, Spanish, and French, stands ready at the reception to offer tailored advice, ensuring guests make the most of their stay.

Located in the heart of Durrës, AMR Hotel is conveniently positioned near popular attractions such as Durres Beach, Golem Beach, and the iconic Rock of Kavaje. For those venturing further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 36 km away, making the hotel an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, AMR Hotel - Durres presents a compelling option for those in pursuit of a coastal retreat that does not compromise on amenities or service. Its strategic location, coupled with a range of thoughtful facilities, positions it as a standout choice for visitors to Durrës.