---\ntitle: "Ana's Apartment"\ndescription: "Ana's Apartment in Tirana emerges as a serene haven for travelers, situated merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047293.jpg?k=4a6ff327553fe4ecd93a3e0f50972fb5557bbc1816681f12467e8a4b10a4ecce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ana-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Ciko, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32959891\n  lng: 19.8041782\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047293.jpg?k=4a6ff327553fe4ecd93a3e0f50972fb5557bbc1816681f12467e8a4b10a4ecce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047308.jpg?k=cad1fa95ae1dc7b632de8b4930750d5cb47403a654cfb9f4c0a2185bbd2d5ca3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047302.jpg?k=88d5e47d2515a3c1dec03c338aa2f9f3a96962f22be79dea710dcbe02e3dc648&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047346.jpg?k=07facd96a18bff11607c21af3ae9b47531b049327a47aca8f54a1094378e6db4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047290.jpg?k=ede5356c300ae316a272dbc1d50230a7ca6180c1764438aa8f2ec7a7bbb1f3ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360047298.jpg?k=7fa0414f56e17c8c35ced220ea0831d1f55d5c982dd3cd0e6f6669b678a861d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vela Restorant 40 m"\n  - "Kingston 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It’s my third time returning in this flat this year. As someone who used to live in this city I can guarantee the location is perfect and you can go everywhere by foot. The flat was very clean and comfortable for us. Really recommend it.”"\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was very clean, well decorated and had everything I needed. The owner was kind and always available .The location is fantastic. Highly recommend 10/10”"\n  - name: "Patrizia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very good location, pretty central. Plenty side streets where to park your car. Quiet area.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anas-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless transition into comfort and privacy. The apartment is designed to cater to families, featuring spacious family rooms that promise a comfortable stay for all.

Each unit within Ana's Apartment boasts elegant parquet flooring and is equipped with a fully functional kitchen, complete with an oven and dining area. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV offering a variety of streaming services, ensuring guests are never far from home comforts. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and hair dryer, adds an extra layer of convenience to the living space. Notably, all units are soundproof, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

For those keen to explore, Ana's Apartment is ideally located near several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. The House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania are all within easy reach, offering guests a taste of the local culture and history. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 12 km away, makes Ana's Apartment a prime choice for both convenience and exploration.

Ana's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local exploration in Tirana.