---\ntitle: "Anastasias apartments"\ndescription: "Anastasias Apartments, situated a mere 24 km away from the enchanting Butrint National Park in Sarandë, recently underwent a comprehensive renovation, transforming it into a haven for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484838007.jpg?k=fa04b68a07633eeca65737bac2138a7fc8e0ee7ecae729fc15a3d5f219a2e0b6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anastasias-apartments\naddress: "SARANDA-KRANIA, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.89039843\n  lng: 20.0880552\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484838007.jpg?k=fa04b68a07633eeca65737bac2138a7fc8e0ee7ecae729fc15a3d5f219a2e0b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484566150.jpg?k=f26c2222d7b42f2da888f43710f418cd1cb2ea0b6cee0fac4b2339aa75a62780&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484566123.jpg?k=c684df83640edf7832d1eba1441559e5af24cad119aaaf7aaeb0a257c7dfb3c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484838015.jpg?k=818963793fc989566e933ce2d260a37ff03a4cd9d41b0bdd7c506963de5b2dfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484838018.jpg?k=a6de0d53dbede9331ff7d2754b834091d556702bcc8232e8dd86273465480a5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484838014.jpg?k=da9c04028290e34f4dc909c4514ca4639f537a0a7f38dbfbef3741726f219649&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (14 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtepia E Vjeter 1.6 km"\n  - "Taverna Sandri 2.9 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 7 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 7 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 7 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 15 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 34 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 65 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hui"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“This holiday home is not in the center of Saranda, it is in a nearby village, but it is easy to reach by car, and the parking is also very convenient. The host Spiro helped us make coffee, and the hostess Anastasia was very warm and generous, and...”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“I liked everything, I liked the owners, they were great and we will miss them for sure, place was located how we wanted, out of the city, apartment was the real apartment like it supposed to look like… All was really good…”"\n  - name: "Gentjan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great hospitality, clean and comfortable. It is well priced and excellent value.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/room-to-let.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nLocated 50 km from the tranquil Zaravina Lake and a stone's throw away from the ancient city of Fanoti, which is 47 km away, Anastasias Apartments serves as an ideal base for explorers eager to uncover the rich tapestry of history and natural beauty this region boasts. The proximity to Ioannina Airport, 88 km away, adds to the convenience, making it a preferred choice for both domestic and international travelers.

Each apartment at Anastasias is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are greeted with tiled floors that lead to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and dining area, ensuring that home-cooked meals are never off the menu. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower adds a layer of luxury to the stay. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony that accompanies each room, offering breathtaking views of the river, while some units also boast terraces with outdoor dining areas against the backdrop of majestic mountain scenery.

The attention to detail extends to the provision of ample wardrobe space in each unit, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. For those seeking moments of tranquility, the garden invites guests to unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere.

Anastasias Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for those in pursuit of a blend of historical exploration, natural beauty, and modern comfort. Its strategic location, coupled with top-notch amenities, ensures a memorable stay for all who pass through its doors.