---\ntitle: "Andi Apartments"\ndescription: "Andi Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/134030666.jpg?k=38743b895293df3d186431df7ec25b6064943e447d811044d034d85b09098fd1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: andi-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Hajdar Hidi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.326598\n  lng: 19.812671\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 242\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/134030666.jpg?k=38743b895293df3d186431df7ec25b6064943e447d811044d034d85b09098fd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137196446.jpg?k=50d17d385fe45ec0f01f76ee63fa661d09f8ce24e7e1eab692c05895e589a22a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140561437.jpg?k=a2230f9936dcd8c86d05b20f7cc1d6752aa8884dc85fb56b223e6b34ab15883e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137204837.jpg?k=5a173cd54c86c2fd425435660640763ce736d4996aa14d7196508ee2f7820b0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149382424.jpg?k=d6128aa71ef3667bf8a4c050c8102336df8015fa7438e78c21cf3ec6d08722a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155928885.jpg?k=49d1c48dc5ebba3a3bd719f83b5dceb20bead4b7dad77bb2786e6d564d9d8a90&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Seni 150 m"\n  - "Ejsel 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Brian"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything was great. The area is perfect, 5 minute walk to the centre. Andi is very helpful, gave us a few tips for spending our free time. Apartment was clean with a view on the mountains and Tirana. A few close markets and great restaurants...”"\n  - name: "Hanna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Location is incredible! Clean and Comfortable.
Staff is very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Hampus"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“really cute and nice 2 floor apartment. Great value for money!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/andi-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments boast air-conditioned spaces, ensuring a cool retreat from the bustling city streets. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, select units come equipped with a fully functional kitchen, featuring a fridge and stovetop, adding a touch of home comfort to the travel experience. The added benefit of soundproofing in some apartments guarantees a peaceful night's sleep, undisturbed by the urban hum.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee, offering peace of mind and convenience.

Situated near Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the historic Et'hem Bey Mosque, Andi Apartments is ideally positioned for guests eager to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, the journey to and from this charming retreat is as effortless as it is inviting.

In summary, Andi Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to explore Tirana's rich history, culture, and natural landscapes, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed living space.