---\ntitle: "Andi's Place-Comfy Studio-City Center"\ndescription: "Andi's Place-Comfy Studio-City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442488542.jpg?k=49d7215b22e3db9cb34ea8091cdccd00fb3a15591b14f08dc63634b57327a105&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: andi-s-place-comfy-studio-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Pasha, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33103681\n  lng: 19.81530227\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442488542.jpg?k=49d7215b22e3db9cb34ea8091cdccd00fb3a15591b14f08dc63634b57327a105&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523023322.jpg?k=86ef1e55a6d913cf9d40c74447db4bffa7948d62aec045a70598ce1651e4521f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442488560.jpg?k=ab32e07c66ca45c43814be7aafac87adfad09cc9abd005d4425f19c9f8c0c9b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442488550.jpg?k=980549cd11fe2fe3b838f0c953f6df3b6b44a051ebae3761bc89461b05290133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442488549.jpg?k=d983e8334c670d15f97d58742ee4f9e1abf335bf5a4f6d66b8fbc31c666e5ffd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431499379.jpg?k=861a3309de0300e63c22eca5bc493e860474730349254e568092d41b3ae6f125&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431499263.jpg?k=4f7def1f9037c5375cd8530f502f362624142fd1b0f0aaa5968cea616a41a519&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431499375.jpg?k=ba032536eaac92fc79666cd19a98c236d8e489d9436d93d7a0dc4cac5d9fc043&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431499382.jpg?k=b9d3956f9b795f472d6e1c3e770f777135da9e6049def66673a1a1d214c8da9b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 50 m"\n  - "Baste Sportive 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tamás"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice place in the city center! Car park also right by the place. Host is very nice and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Roberto"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything! The location is excellent, couple blocks away from shops, the main square and restaurants. Andi, my host, is a very kind person and really easy to talk to, he always made sure I was having a pleasant time. The apartment itself is...”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A very pleasant, clean apartment right in the centre of the city. It is bright, cheerful and very clean. I would highly recommend this lovely place to anyone. Just one word of warning it is on the 3rd floor and might be a challenge for anyone with...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/andis-place-comfy-studio-200m-from-city-center-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis recently updated studio apartment, with its roots tracing back to 1990, offers a modern retreat with the charm of historical architecture. Guests are treated to a suite of amenities including air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that combines the ease of modern living with the warmth of home. The space is strictly non-smoking, promoting a clean and healthy environment, and is located a brief journey from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, adding a touch of historical intrigue to the visit.

The accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs, and a kitchenette equipped with a toaster and fridge, catering to the culinary desires of guests. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For those keen to explore, Andi's Place is within easy reach of notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for cultural aficionados. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 13 km away, offers convenient travel options for international guests.

Andi's Place-Comfy Studio-City Center stands out as a meticulously designed space that caters to the needs of modern travelers, offering a seamless blend of historical charm and contemporary amenities in the vibrant city of Tirana.