---\ntitle: "Andor Luxury Hotel"\ndescription: "Andor Luxury Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481677644.jpg?k=db6ce51364b2a6e354ab3bc7fad32ee0a674bfb7c4d15e7a2d5abb8b5ff59614&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: andor-luxury-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Iliria , Golem ,Durrës, , Perball karburant Iliria, Rruga Turistike Pallati Nr.3, Durrës 2021, 2021 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26818751\n  lng: 19.52182844\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481677644.jpg?k=db6ce51364b2a6e354ab3bc7fad32ee0a674bfb7c4d15e7a2d5abb8b5ff59614&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506840005.jpg?k=b32e1b6135addbdbc20082d1ed5577daaf0629b3195dc48f2b26c0e7ec4fdc53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481680580.jpg?k=a815d62a3d1378b293094450e388f47d5deb9f388005e21073c29196eb5c11a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506842190.jpg?k=ea30a199a702e7fd5867351749101ed3232d166840ea96e83111f24532111df2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506966360.jpg?k=0597781784239bb888e1fbb17ae4b5bcc0365c5445a96816287a0ace5cdc3fef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506966278.jpg?k=f8f553c0f175a591d538bae24497b5f3aae58e355de9157f17116cf3f481a641&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506966212.jpg?k=0a82c01d50eae4bd18957c0591f78cda813836c1c1922032ab595d93f1bcc07b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506966166.jpg?k=5a4e24d0ba4929a6339c21d12596a764fd41addcf5950cfac7903cfed172ebd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506966120.jpg?k=6fa1c91ab68434b59f21bb2943987ed6c2d4358d681942549871fa5fa32c2470&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 200 m"\n  - "Anxhelson 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 300 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 400 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luka"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Everything is perfect! Rooms are great, clean... Breakfast is delicious! Total recommendation!”"\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Rooms are very clear, breakfast was delicious,The service was very pleasant, especially the receptionist who was very helpful and always smiling.The location is so good, close to beaches, bars and restorants. The place is very quiet and chill.”"\n  - name: "Laida"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Finally, it was worth spending your money on Andor! The room was very comfortable and very big, the breakfast was perfect and very delicious with traditional dishes!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/andor-luxury.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on providing a seamless experience, featuring well-appointed rooms with essential modern conveniences. Each room is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, equipped with a desk, air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries. For those desiring a bit more, select rooms also boast balconies, offering a perfect nook for relaxation.

Guests at Andor Luxury Hotel start their day with a delightful buffet breakfast, setting the right tone for exploring Durrës or lounging by the beach. The property's commitment to non-smoking environments, coupled with amenities such as free private parking, free WiFi, and attentive room service, underscores its dedication to guest satisfaction.

Located conveniently, the hotel is a stone's throw away from the captivating Durres Beach and within reasonable proximity to Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for both leisure and exploration. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 37 km away, facilitating ease of travel.

Andor Luxury Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, promising an inviting atmosphere and a stay that leaves nothing to be desired.