---\ntitle: "Aneta's Beach House"\ndescription: "Aneta's Beach House stands as a modern oasis in Vlorë, a mere 700 meters from the pristine Liro Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259147544.jpg?k=eb6532b09f6335f602f7635b4b7b30cab4cc56385b613659ef874a9f482dfe54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aneta-s-beach-house\naddress: "Alexander Moisiu Uji i Ftohte Vlore Kati2, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41494271\n  lng: 19.48333156\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259147544.jpg?k=eb6532b09f6335f602f7635b4b7b30cab4cc56385b613659ef874a9f482dfe54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255579657.jpg?k=dd81a6c90ee212870e9c9a5998f6ed22f0466c8362fe60be8f1762cf4f12da2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200757659.jpg?k=081649401eea4c6ebc177c05d3963a6e651442852e0cd30e3fc2e9af3a67f6e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255579666.jpg?k=13b06483ea2735b706423f32806d0737ca9941f34eca052c12509a30dbcdb714&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255579644.jpg?k=7658034aea885828d5a1af3989fa4e788d027e59e5067405acf48a20debf5860&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200758128.jpg?k=691572368f7b1790e77a768be9d18ecc39f7a60c2c7dab96d6a144e7c35d500d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255579699.jpg?k=c7cff35dfa446a4db67118d5644093d3998321b0eb62b9955bde21493ed127d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200758133.jpg?k=d7edd4127b47d8b2a91012d863caeee8696c2a8bf10952b5ab971396590b8329&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255579518.jpg?k=d50e283e4f0fc156ae8edc322b71f341da0aa11677efa2ee7a57cfbe47ad59ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mandarine 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Djepi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 200 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 350 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ibraim"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“It was very Nice & clean apartment with so beautiful Sea view! The host Ms. Aneta was very kind Lady. Everything you need for Nice and plesant stay, you have in the apartment. Highly recoomanded.”"\n  - name: "Orion"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very welcoming, and the house was spotless. I enjoyed the balcony the most, very spacious and beautiful view. By”"\n  - name: "Ewelina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Przepiękny widok z tarasu, ekspres przelewowy, duży prysznic
Ładnie zagospodarowany teren na którym znajduje się apartament”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aneta-39-s-beach-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Aneta's Beach House is undoubtedly its spacious apartment. Designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and an equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a hot tub in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury, ensuring guests can unwind in style. For convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available in the apartment. Additionally, the accommodation prides itself on offering added privacy and tranquility through a private entrance and soundproofing.

For those who need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises makes it easy to grab what you need without having to leave the comfort of the beach house. Guests looking for moments of relaxation can find solace in the property's garden, a serene spot perfect for unwinding.

Situated not only close to Liro Beach but also a short distance from the Beach at Government Villas (1.1 km) and Sunny Beach (2.2 km), Aneta's Beach House is ideally located for guests eager to explore the local coastline. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 156 km away, making it accessible for those coming from afar.

Aneta's Beach House is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a memorable experience for those seeking a blend of comfort, privacy, and scenic beauty in Vlorë.