---\ntitle: "Angel&Grejs Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Angel&Grejs Guesthouse emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, boasting accommodations that offer stunning garden views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461966730.jpg?k=082d1eabf179440ad906ce5ed2637758a4c1090614ac6453ddb93b23855f8145&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: angel-grejs-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga 28 nentori Ksamil 1, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76419638\n  lng: 19.99931651\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461966730.jpg?k=082d1eabf179440ad906ce5ed2637758a4c1090614ac6453ddb93b23855f8145&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083600.jpg?k=13cde2fb7212c8e89c7a4412e5c90a1aba37748326d446d91f766c7b064b48c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083609.jpg?k=88c123d6a3ed3218b2a5c757cb48afd55f0f43800750ebd23693ff0ae2eb4680&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083615.jpg?k=55209bbbf0764b2874daacdd4a9bf6d9b7ef5816aa5b3c490d9471c432fdf079&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461966726.jpg?k=69988a4e439a5b1635d2b6afd5d7ebcd0eb07d55703c489c5c350b35710b0128&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083613.jpg?k=45ec6ead8445b2fc76b4d7d878daa9a05ccb7a54ba4a71df9ea3b08d34d92b81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083602.jpg?k=b9b3f9831e7e1df5b0d387304c8ba0703352b5d7b96c53a771038f85ec709061&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461966737.jpg?k=57459c8d92ce2dc6aa81ed67bbb19a0c1c2a6d860cbb649e20f04accbc80d0fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083582.jpg?k=153812567dedf979e2daef87e91fe8068ae7530c105802f2f78027142712e47c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 200 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lena"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Angel is a great host! Sometimes we thought the Best host ever! his Priority was to take care of the guests needs and he was always reachable. The guesthouse was very clean and familiär. We highly recommend this accomodation!!”"\n  - name: "Irinea1"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The owner was very kind, apartment is clean and in a quiet place close to the beach. All recommendations.”"\n  - name: "Middle"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very beautiful place with a good location. I loved all the facilities and the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. Great bathroom and the room was very clean.
It was amaizing and quite environment very close to the beach .
I highly...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/angel-amp-grace-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed with the convenience of complimentary private parking and the luxury of free WiFi throughout the property. Each room opens up to a balcony where one can enjoy the lush surroundings in privacy. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning for comfort in all seasons. Entertainment and relaxation are ensured with a flat-screen TV available in every room, alongside a private bathroom that includes a shower and a hair dryer for personal care. The addition of a wardrobe in all units adds a touch of home, ensuring guests have ample space for their belongings.

For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is just 3 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and biodiversity of the region. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km from the guesthouse, making Angel&Grejs Guesthouse a convenient and accessible option.

Angel&Grejs Guesthouse stands out as a charming base for visitors to Ksamil, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to natural attractions, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.