---\ntitle: "Angela Apartments"\ndescription: "Angela Apartments emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748167.jpg?k=ae18eb77617a9d5714092cd9c5926ebb0372b661a90f31e500bf338f8f354f16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: angela-apartments\naddress: "Rruga: Sabri Preveza 31, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87454974\n  lng: 19.99878515\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748167.jpg?k=ae18eb77617a9d5714092cd9c5926ebb0372b661a90f31e500bf338f8f354f16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748068.jpg?k=02e7d97b8cc96453ce7fad602fa63ec434a673df9df46806ef75f85290282ac3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748243.jpg?k=1b8495a5b4c7eb8783e5df312eb4095d3adc68a700f290d115b4275dc49c03be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748129.jpg?k=891240b2a18ed0d66e8eca6524e36128281f8b0f7b31fdd8888b043f266ac4b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748120.jpg?k=6b092ecbc6e79d5540c6e4321008789078af105eaaabcb251a8d76febc4a9f51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107748075.jpg?k=85703d8053b411ab4df635cdaa244f86929ce1adeba8489a7a66649c56d7db51&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mare blu 100 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Byrektore Cako 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Well equipped apartment, with balcony, tv, kitchen, hairdryer. Everything to spend a week here. Extremaly kind hostess :)”"\n  - name: "Doctor"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Angela and her mother were very friendly and helpful. The apartment is comfortable. Location is perfect. We recommend.”"\n  - name: "Galigani"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa grande e funzionale
Il letto di sopra era molto comodo e spazioso. Un'ottima idea!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/angela-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Angela Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to make their stay as relaxing and hassle-free as possible. Complimentary private parking ensures a worry-free arrival, while the inclusion of free WiFi and diligent housekeeping services adds to the ease of one's stay. The family-friendly nature of the apartments is a highlight, offering spacious family rooms that cater to the needs of those traveling with loved ones.

Each unit within Angela Apartments is thoughtfully equipped to enhance the guest experience. Visitors can enjoy the luxury of a private terrace or balcony, presenting breathtaking views of the sea and cityscape. The comfort extends indoors with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a cable flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which are stocked with soft bathrobes and fresh bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and pampering stay.

The location of Angela Apartments is ideally situated for exploring the best of Sarandë. Saranda City Beach is merely 1.3 km away, offering a perfect spot for sunbathing and swimming, while the picturesque Saranda Bay Beach is just a bit further at 1.7 km. For those looking to venture beyond the city, Ioannina Airport is the nearest air travel hub, located 98 km away, making Angela Apartments a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Angela Apartments stands out as a delightful option for guests seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities in the heart of Sarandë.