---\ntitle: "Angie's Shared Villa TAM"\ndescription: "Angie's Shared Villa TAM emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197813383.jpg?k=8168087af0bf9f0039454efe0e8135618467b8ff6cef620ce83b5898b06a9f68&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: angie-s-shared-villa-tam\naddress: "Rruga Ali Demi 281 Lagjia Ali Demi, Rruga Teodor Muzaka, hyrja nr 3., 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3318998\n  lng: 19.84070261\nprice: "US$18"\npriceFrom: 18\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 180\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197813383.jpg?k=8168087af0bf9f0039454efe0e8135618467b8ff6cef620ce83b5898b06a9f68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197822514.jpg?k=cc5579e28283493fa2b52c56076e47e844bff5c1aa7bd218a6bd638b0590b0e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240805053.jpg?k=d3c9a48077f44991e9ec415c4fcab56a365421d5479a04b65113ba7562f5b749&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/192345194.jpg?k=72f57f8c1a3ea04ecdd9f07cd094376bc243aa7fa9af02b5ba13cfe108c4858a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197814200.jpg?k=c5f572abb970875de9d4fdc72bc986926c3edc3da271a0b81cce5f4203b892b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/192346150.jpg?k=6bce62711f38e5a2dbfc4ebf39dab2c96013f605cbcc1e8fa43f860833df7197&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197822518.jpg?k=a5cf338ed1da98bebae378f652cc443e7c7d93c8f3bb384a4a905378256a5a25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197821650.jpg?k=52c060b0eb187f2052eb4372ab07d85bf6b2c90fa4e72051654b7d74fa4948f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226871796.jpg?k=47369a0bcef900743b8d2ba2cd5940ee270fcb05ed3536c08d8d578858fb9b0a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (86 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Large Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 100 m"\n  - "Zgara 2 Çunat 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.6 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.8 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alberto"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Quite easy to find, excellent location close enough to the city center. The hosts were very friendly”"\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Very cozy place! Clean room, comfortable big bed. Pomegranates and lemons bloom in the yard and a cute cat walk near the window ☺️ It was a little cold at night but there was a blanket in the wardrobe so it isn't a problem. We felt like we were...”"\n  - name: "Caitlin"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The host was super helpful and accommodating. I arrived late in the night and she was up to show me my room and let me settle. It has a laundry outside the bathroom, which is handy. The place was very clean. It was close enough to walk to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/angie-39-s-shared-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe villa prides itself on offering well-appointed accommodations that come with a seating area, ensuring guests have ample space to unwind. Each unit opens up to a patio featuring an outdoor dining area where guests can savor meals against the backdrop of breathtaking mountain views. The commitment to guest comfort is further underscored by the inclusion of soundproof rooms, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

For those who value connectivity and ease of travel, Angie's Shared Villa TAM does not disappoint. Complimentary WiFi and private parking are among the thoughtful amenities provided, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The proximity to notable attractions such as the Bektashi World Centre, Tanners' Bridge, and Toptani Shopping Centre adds to the appeal, offering guests a glimpse into the local culture and lifestyle.

The shared bathroom facilities, equipped with slippers and bed linen, highlight the villa's attention to detail and guest comfort. Moreover, the property's garden offers a tranquil oasis for relaxation, inviting guests to take a moment to enjoy the serene surroundings.

Situated a convenient 18 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Angie's Shared Villa TAM represents an ideal choice for those in search of a comfortable and accessible base to explore the vibrant city of Tirana and its surroundings.