---\ntitle: "Angry Architects Apartment01"\ndescription: "Angry Architects Apartment01 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113588.jpg?k=bb1400b591c08cb53728d6f1718a250f6cb55905efc2a425ba4262b5632263ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: angry-architects-apartment01\naddress: "Rruga Selita e Vjeter, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30830949\n  lng: 19.80602678\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113588.jpg?k=bb1400b591c08cb53728d6f1718a250f6cb55905efc2a425ba4262b5632263ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113658.jpg?k=e2a02bd83f6454054d4f1c266571d8b2f635c95b1fe0b0b94ce70544b13979bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113643.jpg?k=6c051785364977006758e84d23f7d2a287d64352f0465e97e7f9f77bc9a087d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113635.jpg?k=7fc13f72aa81d38c46f67cb30ae8f905d7ee8f0f8dcd3a983354a8f7ccceeea3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113672.jpg?k=ddce78224f654378fb0f95b72d135f512924ba3d4b268716944ab9e30afdcc1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481432231.jpg?k=e3ef782452205f769da876e261b037f625a162c6efda7d7bb35530fbd1119544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113649.jpg?k=49caa3b5f8c1d29da596e6f911e3ed8f5eaff60fcb04b1843ba78087b530ea71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420113660.jpg?k=2e2924974c4d151580978988352af5bef18ea3ef33f782dde0ce957eb6530ce8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424328643.jpg?k=540323e376e958d7e0d1159cea7e78954ba5290922caf07fc49962500d275123&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (34 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PastEl 250 m"\n  - "Tiku& Mato 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jeanette"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Owners were very accommodating and helpful. I couldn’t get cash out as my bank froze my card thinking it was fraud. They allowed me to do a transfer and waited a few days for it to arrive! Very trusting and understanding of them.”"\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The apartment itself is superb, especially for the price. Sergio was a very accommodating host, check-in was easy and everything was modern, clean and comfortable. The space is stylish, with a lot of character, and the balcony with a view toward...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Modern and nicely furnished, all amenities that require a comfortable stay! Very friendly and informative hosts, lovely location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/angry-architects-apartment01.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a spacious, air-conditioned living space complemented by a balcony that invites guests to enjoy the fresh air and perhaps, an outdoor meal. With free WiFi available throughout, staying connected or planning the next day's adventures is effortlessly convenient.

Accommodation at Angry Architects Apartment01 is thoughtfully designed with a modern traveler in mind. The apartment features a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring that guests can easily prepare meals if they choose to dine in. The living area is furnished with comfortable seating and a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a walk-in shower in the bathroom, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment also offers the delightful touch of complimentary fruits, enhancing the welcoming atmosphere.

Situated just 2.5 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a mere 2.7 km from the lush Grand Park of Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to delve into the city's history and enjoy its green spaces. For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje stands 44 km away, offering an intriguing excursion option. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km from the apartment, ensures smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

Angry Architects Apartment01 stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those who value the blend of strategic location, comfort, and thoughtful amenities in the bustling city of Tirana.