---\ntitle: "Anhel, gem in the Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Anhel, a distinguished gem in the vibrant heart of Tirana, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking an immersive city experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/10161378076435417/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anhel-gem-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri Sh. 4 ; Ap87, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32297511\n  lng: 19.81676799\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/10161378076435417/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/be/0ba6c3d43988f099040bcddb874fbd5434389efa.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492835817.jpg?k=000510f07c81b1c0172e9f5b564af9b09d3a412fa89a2fb856f9e679042c6254&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/510048242.jpg?k=cccbce8bf9767a2c5ea5d6b5b2ce31d928d909b36e44435c255eff71f6348dec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492836050.jpg?k=a733e1a6087ffed1146c3cedf12e97d9024e8d6b45c16e67414dc6db90b9ea5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492835883.jpg?k=2091d23204924b91682dd45e54ed9f78f775805aab55013dbd78fe07ebc9e37a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492835708.jpg?k=e88d2c360d02e662db5019e8256f81ee9549737b58f8a7170477c8b12d1df59a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/510048597.jpg?k=ca73a2dde86fecc3b24ea3e61141bccb8c49db71ed3b429c016538eb8f9595c9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish&Burger 40 m"\n  - "Antika 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olta"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Ottima posizione, appartamento ristrutturato recentemente con tutto quello che può servire. Check-in molto facile. Il proprietario molto gentile e disponibile. Ci ritornerei.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anhel-gem-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a sleek, air-conditioned interior that promises comfort and convenience. Guests are treated to a well-appointed living space that includes a bedroom, a modern flat-screen TV, and a dining area perfect for intimate meals. The kitchen, equipped with a toaster among other essentials, invites guests to feel at home, while the inclusion of towels and bed linen ensures a hassle-free stay. Emphasizing a commitment to guest comfort, the accommodation is strictly non-smoking.

Anhel's proximity to key attractions such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument further enhances its appeal. These cultural hotspots are within easy walking distance, inviting guests to delve into the city's dynamic cultural scene. For those arriving by air, the convenience of being just 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the property's allure.

With complimentary WiFi enveloping the premises and the iconic Skanderbeg Square just 700 metres away, guests at Anhel are perfectly positioned to enjoy both the tranquility of their private retreat and the vibrant pulse of Tirana's city life. Whether it's the serene ambiance of Rinia Park, the historical insights of the House of Leaves, or the spiritual solace of Saint Paul Cathedral, Anhel places the best of Tirana at your doorstep.