---\ntitle: "Anhel Hotel"\ndescription: "Anhel Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493904.jpg?k=e976ade80e9b12f6e349427c17a7ea90cf511e2c9cb512b8bd44a4818cb025c4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anhel-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Buhuri, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.7023468\n  lng: 19.94751386\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 283\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493904.jpg?k=e976ade80e9b12f6e349427c17a7ea90cf511e2c9cb512b8bd44a4818cb025c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470792518.jpg?k=9318ce1a38555369fcf914d494bd1f3a95a4dff7ab27f7dcad0df5732a82c858&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470791246.jpg?k=dc2e3e6d9e48e6e1eb224d9060555ce9f89440e773ec5215db7d8b811030c9c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493646.jpg?k=e7e81b506c6b9cff4aba8373dd7ba3b7f40e4fb16b730b1171ee1e9c556c694c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470465860.jpg?k=0ace1e11f922ef93a87870e1385d83ed9b9809601d6a0a465bde6c3610821918&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470834889.jpg?k=d9f036f65d2bc6e37a933464e1b7203f2b0030d3267dc319baedec4ce27a3738&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 150 m"\n  - "Antigoni 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Charlene"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“The property is gorgeous just be prepared to go up some stairs thru the old town, which is all
Worth while. Newly designed guest house highly recommended”"\n  - name: "Steve"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It has a very unusual layout. One or two rooms per floor spread over three or four floors. There’s a certain charm to it.”"\n  - name: "0lfa"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“This is a beautiful old house converted into a hotel and is located at the top of the village. The staff is friendly, check-in and check-out is fast. The room is fine, the beds are comfortable. There is no breakfast room...breakfast is served on...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anhel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Anhel Hotel are treated to a seamless stay, thanks to the 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfer services, a communal kitchen, and the essential free WiFi connectivity. The attention to detail in the guest rooms is evident, with each unit boasting a coffee machine for that perfect morning start. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. For entertainment and comfort, each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a patio. The provision of quality bed linen and towels further underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Anhel Hotel offers a convenient base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Berat, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers.