---\ntitle: "Ani Apartament"\ndescription: "Ani Apartament stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a beachfront oasis in Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494218.jpg?k=e02335a59876e60bfb7d44e2a708b7a05894a3d14fc85bd4a1232cfbc8f77e7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ani-apartament\naddress: "Rruga e Epikadeve Multi Party Shop, Kati 2, 1501 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31075597\n  lng: 19.44281446\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494218.jpg?k=e02335a59876e60bfb7d44e2a708b7a05894a3d14fc85bd4a1232cfbc8f77e7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402448468.jpg?k=97ad7b5c75c9a4a3b50f7a5c2cc4ed0e95c47b237f4f941af00d108d6a36b71a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402861854.jpg?k=50587cac299ef22a6846564552012a16290bd4a79d6c6ec92bbbf2f40decd51b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402448435.jpg?k=a332fd5a10dc2f17ae2b633268dd977531b47afb5561402e71f291fe3bb3a13d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494330.jpg?k=9206c42bd309d91ac00d7d8cd33f760f461872858b603fcd52dd2e3f84197a85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494751.jpg?k=75af80284fabb49ef395693a46a974c47941bf3a647312e733d2bfbe5f15767f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494864.jpg?k=b71af856b2055bc8178d6260cc8f533685d253f82d2967cb28b880e874e86559&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412494284.jpg?k=5ed303d65f565e0af25e4648b3f54ce6463a0ddf887cea610e465f3b5942e8ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412604622.jpg?k=a9f81bbbfdf52c21d395ff94dfea1a2636326ac4d97eb944db51501d16a7c6a6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (62 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Liburn 20 m"\n  - "Caffe del Mar 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 100 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 700 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 900 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Reschmi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Clean, modern and comfortable. Easy and fast communication with the host via this app. Just cross the street to get to the vollga/city promenade. 20m to the next supermarket.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very modern apartment with great location. Communication with owner was great and she even printed our tickets so we were very grateful.”"\n  - name: "Max"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Super nice apartment, very spacious, modern, clean and peaceful. The hosts were very nice and helpful. I will come to stay again, definitely.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ani-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and privacy, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower, and the added benefit of soundproofing to ensure a tranquil stay. The living space is adorned with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the art of cooking. The balcony presents an urban vista, inviting guests to take in the city's rhythm from a peaceful vantage point. Notably, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

For those inclined towards outdoor activities, the surrounding area of Durrës offers ample opportunities for fishing and exploration. Ani Apartament is conveniently located, with Durres Beach just 2.8 km away for those seeking a change of scenery, and the historic Skanderbeg Square within a manageable distance for day trips. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 34 km from the accommodation, ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Ani Apartament emerges as a distinguished choice for guests desiring a blend of leisure and adventure in the heart of Durrës, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is enriching.