---\ntitle: "Anna's apartment"\ndescription: "Anna's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës, located just a short 300-meter stroll from the vibrant Durres Beach and within easy reach of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468411980.jpg?k=00916180100bde60e58fef4847ee6e9efa9fc7069f77a6c0a48e9bcff83fa9fe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anna-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30068003\n  lng: 19.50075164\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468411980.jpg?k=00916180100bde60e58fef4847ee6e9efa9fc7069f77a6c0a48e9bcff83fa9fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/468411926.jpg?k=3929678b8cb525dd405bfd9fc0cf24919b3c6838c8b77dc5429e73d3ad6aba1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/468411975.jpg?k=152c2b8eb03a6c332d98b4d6410d2395420956133e7a16d02810014743c1191c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/468411973.jpg?k=d4b0f3577a431ba27e7cf7360819c2e16e1eab75d1d7837ce108fd0ce959bc9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/468411984.jpg?k=2004262c600b58a77f1689125dd46853b7fbb99f105eb6019e816917fb406703&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/468411986.jpg?k=dbeafc7b6bdd2ec5e9d6bae186a192f7c34b226d79b17f43dafebe376bed7160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/468411988.jpg?k=c5df0d06c2184c3855832459c2f63357c14824dfc7ab2b1716c86a21c5445d74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/468411992.jpg?k=0a0c85e80e9391d2149b17eed5a804f70b919229a5b083d7500c1c59b9dde7b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 3 Vellezerit 50 m"\n  - "Brendon 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/annas-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, the apartment is a mere 43 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an easy gateway to one of the area's top attractions. Additionally, it's conveniently close to the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the rich tapestry of the region's history and natural beauty. The heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is also within a manageable distance, located just 39 km away, providing guests with a taste of local culture and architecture.

The interior of Anna's Apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals, and a bathroom. Entertainment needs are also well catered for with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

For those intrigued by historical sites, the Durres Amphitheatre is within a short driving distance, offering a glimpse into the ancient past of the region. Similarly, the House of Leaves, located 39 km from the apartment, presents an insightful exploration into the country's history.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 34 km away, making Anna's Apartment a convenient option for international travelers looking for a seamless travel experience to and from Durrës.

In summary, Anna's Apartment stands out as a top selection for guests desiring a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of exploration during their stay in Durrës.