---\ntitle: "Anxhelo's Apartment"\ndescription: "Anxhelo's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Shëngjin, just a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Shëngjin Beach and a short stroll from the tranquil Ylberi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470110222.jpg?k=2e9ef12050f01e9ebb6b4dce795ce04f767d045734d90dc9f5de6805e1d466cb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anxhelo-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80737217\n  lng: 19.59859963\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470110222.jpg?k=2e9ef12050f01e9ebb6b4dce795ce04f767d045734d90dc9f5de6805e1d466cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476576277.jpg?k=5f292a141d9d20cdf283a82024871c7d25c9fe33434e0771fb6fa208c27e1491&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476578071.jpg?k=0666449647c1e7ad52777bc96e0cba1861a44a2016c2b01af083fc5854cca795&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476576007.jpg?k=c6e8a3a897a39ab99972187f6c25edb313853a0db50fa28c0b4c9ca6246c5320&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476576109.jpg?k=f54cee4fd14231fa03d462561983508b6d7e24e879167a942747edc1f79c692b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470110338.jpg?k=6c6520891dd6cb9e8c7fc30e884e79a04525b45f6664dc7cd1e123eef9b05a73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476576415.jpg?k=89e4fb53e942aadab9f0ecdec4b1e5a8680c239646716b3ab9f3695f0c5e92b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476577112.jpg?k=e5975eddc68468c8c1ff21c029c41dcdc9ded56c530e762acea5aa8710adc70f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476575796.jpg?k=6782f00202f640420010d6dc0fccf4c8308039a828b925fee048b71563f7d5e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ermiri Palace 100 m"\n  - "Coral 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 30 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 850 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 66 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Нацев"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything is wonderful location, with sea view on the promenade and beach. Clean modern comfortable apartment equipped with everything secured parking”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Great location, beach view and very close to the beach, spacious, a lot of attention paid to the little things (clips, iron, hair dryer, batteries, nail nibbler, children's room was very nice and sweet, very equipped kitchen ....)”"\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Gjithcka ka qene perfekte, duke filluar nga mikpritja, super te sjellshem.
Apartamenti shume i paster, hapesire e mjaftueshme, pamje e mrekullueshme.
Klimat kane qene funksionale ne te gjitha dhomat.
Pastertia ka qene ne nivelin...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anxhelos-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting a generous layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. Guests can expect to find a flat-screen TV for their entertainment needs, alongside an equipped kitchen that features an oven and a microwave, catering to those who prefer to prepare their meals. The inclusion of a bathroom with a shower adds to the comfort of the stay, ensuring all the conveniences of home are at hand.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Anxhelo's Apartment, underscored by soundproofing and a private entrance that guarantees a secluded and uninterrupted experience. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the air of exclusivity and well-being.

Situated 42 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and 43 km from the scenic Lake Skadar, the apartment serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to delve into the region's rich cultural and natural heritage. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 48 km away, ensures seamless connectivity for international travelers.

With the added benefits of complimentary WiFi and private parking, Anxhelo's Apartment stands out as a compelling choice for those in pursuit of a peaceful retreat by the sea, coupled with the ease of modern living.