---\ntitle: "Anxhelos Hotel"\ndescription: "Anxhelos Hotel, positioned just steps away from the pristine Livadhi Beach in Himare, presents a serene escape with its array of amenities including a restaurant, complimentary private parking, a welcoming bar, and its very own private beach area."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441296399.jpg?k=92835866b648dc71fbb5c9f10e27e8f63276ff7672bcc27d123494fcd11d72ba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: anxhelos-hotel\naddress: "Himare - Livadh Road Restaurant Anxheloz, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10952859\n  lng: 19.72353632\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 150\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441296399.jpg?k=92835866b648dc71fbb5c9f10e27e8f63276ff7672bcc27d123494fcd11d72ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441296429.jpg?k=4d83f644d0f1b5328ab01a5d522744a62d528ffa6c640a4fd7b006a263e2dac4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441296446.jpg?k=aeaced0845acf65bc147d6e45bed71e692667efc5a0ccddefd380c443c36ab14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465016940.jpg?k=13a24257b2b77ed0d4b8a587095ee29d7c93c9f448aeef8be2f80ce023fb4214&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456510967.jpg?k=6c84d893e39c978703d79c8772e7f386d8de5a0dc5c1e3705448fa8b7309b8e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451784720.jpg?k=6e945780018397f689c33fef1124b948d56b1550c1f48c82927f9160ab9c5975&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Odissea Li 6 m"\n  - "Viamare Beach Lounge Bar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 0 m"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Agata"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Nestled in a beautiful - and not yet spoilt by overtourism - fishing village on the pristine Albanian coast this hotel is a traveller's dream come true. Rooms are tidy and tasty, the view is stunning - you literally wake up to the sound of waves!...”"\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The hotel is located in a calm area just outside Himare. The rooms are modern, very clean, with decent size balconies and a great view. We had two apartments that were sharing a hall what is a perfect option for 2+2 family.”"\n  - name: "Claudia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room is very clean, confortable and new. Very nice sea view!!!! Nice beds and pillows. Amazing Bathroon - all new! Superb!
There is a restaurant bellow the rooms , we had a dinner there when we arrived. No many options available in the menu...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anxhelos-himare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to rooms that boast balconies offering a breath of fresh air and natural light. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a private bathroom, featuring a shower and hairdryer for convenience. For entertainment and comfort, a flat-screen TV and air conditioning are standard across all rooms, with select accommodations also offering a cozy seating area for added relaxation.

For those looking to explore the local area, Akuariumit Beach is a mere 1.6 km journey from the hotel, while the picturesque Spille Beach is located 2.9 km away. For travelers, the nearest point of entry is Ioannina Airport, situated 147 km from Anxhelos Hotel, making it a reachable destination for both domestic and international guests seeking a tranquil retreat by the sea.