---\ntitle: "Apartament Center Tirana"\ndescription: "Apartament Center Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511607079.jpg?k=5d5ab9363f6ccbe566074cbb3a849b80d69aeed56d90f14d4af3e93385754bad&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartament-center-tirana\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3283662\n  lng: 19.81429631\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511607079.jpg?k=5d5ab9363f6ccbe566074cbb3a849b80d69aeed56d90f14d4af3e93385754bad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527941675.jpg?k=069c56721ac8e772d8c89e474fc86f3c6c526a52409ecd97b9ca1b803c076383&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527940184.jpg?k=b1b0684bf8f38657b484fb4276a09377e8482821af1093577e73dc394493cb5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519843217.jpg?k=3ded6dcda0bffe13d24ee0ddd7cb67ef3b7d2af1ae7086a28dac3f2020e2e7eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519843031.jpg?k=f1cc0569fd766550e646c443d5a968e074ce78bf888d640f449768344a21f9aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527939984.jpg?k=d4fdf45cdffb9a55e6ba66874a363d9f6dc9dfd205e2f2a0f94a3e7cf25f295a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527941061.jpg?k=2e9c82e84f0d5ce6870fc5956608560ea4c19795279f62cc6333facfe484fde1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527940621.jpg?k=84472ea41ffc3f701a3f388979fb26966b5abf1202eb8f419737f77daa10dc93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527940878.jpg?k=b741582f26b33575dec1e0013f0da5c32258219ccafb574a8d0ce916ffb4daa0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (144 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Influences 40 m"\n  - "Capitol Meat & Chicken 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dmytro"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Localisation of the apartment was amazing. We could see the whole Tirana from it.The apartment is really big and it is a lot of space for people. The owner of the apartment was very nice and helpful. The contact with him was a pleasure.”"\n  - name: "Wigral"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Fantastyczne widoki z okna, połozenie w samym centrum Tirany. Doskonałe mieszkanie. Gospodarze przemili, za bardzo symboliczną opłatą zapewniony transfer z lotniska. Szczerze polecam”"\n  - name: "Bart"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Fajne mieszkanie w dobrej cenie, świetna lokalizacja praktycznie przy samym placu Skanderbega, 8 piętro (jest winda) z klimatycznym widokiem z balkonu. Mieszkanie takie jak na zdjęciach, odpowiednie dla 5 osób, wszystko było okej. W pobliżu jest...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-center-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its air-conditioned, spacious layout that includes a balcony boasting impressive city views. The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with an oven and toaster. The inclusion of a modern bathroom with a bidet and the convenience of housekeeping services further enhances the living experience.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests enjoy complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay. Practicality is also a key aspect of Apartament Center Tirana, with facilities such as a lift, a shared kitchen for those who enjoy communal cooking experiences, and even a minimarket on the premises for quick grocery runs.

For explorers eager to delve into Tirana's rich history and culture, the apartment's proximity to significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park adds to its appeal. Moreover, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, and services like airport transfers and car rentals readily available, logistics are conveniently taken care of.

In summary, Apartament Center Tirana stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that caters to both the practical and aesthetic needs of modern travelers, making it an excellent choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the dynamism of Tirana.