---\ntitle: "Apartments Kaloj"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Apartments Kaloj, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088529.jpg?k=8ba24170f5ceec671dca696fe8fd22d074145c4bcadb54d322a30004e4e8d399&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-kaloj\naddress: "Rruga Mustafa Lleshi 41, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32376411\n  lng: 19.82692735\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 156\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088529.jpg?k=8ba24170f5ceec671dca696fe8fd22d074145c4bcadb54d322a30004e4e8d399&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088533.jpg?k=4cf7bb7aa2b102deb72ce2259759a727ced784de0e465eaa5a22b95aa01fccbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088462.jpg?k=d775a8232ca5f389a6b442a6eb7218355f5a75ea237672b0a6ddc415689857f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225344361.jpg?k=640cba3ff8df8af45dafe89df4bad840adb0f16e2b252c0f59bdf87f9d94ebe3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088538.jpg?k=28f13ade7d9f4aa7616676e829689bf75868b0564498cf30ed23aed98ddb6d63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088521.jpg?k=57d019db5003c4ec2b59ff60cafb2f756711a9ab89358fde7b69c0c04f77d744&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088464.jpg?k=7095188bf8d849138022bac0e922831dcc7f100702458793a06f7902ce340c80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142088468.jpg?k=98c6efb062b822c1dfb24ebdd7fb59ab933b95a3738698f119328186810e1571&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225344364.jpg?k=1342bfedfbfa2cd0e2db3e42625b67e4ca0f1be8438a9a16aa581ba6d4624e06&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Trattoria Buonocore 50 m"\n  - "Vila 25 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sophie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This apartment was definitely bigger and nicer than we expected! It's an absolute steal for the price. Two good sized bedrooms and the third double bed is technically in the living room, but it doesn't matter because we spent all our time as a...”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“-very good bedding
-wifi works very well)
-friendly staff
-5/10 min from the town centre
-the spaciousness of the flat
-Plenty of shops nearby”"\n  - name: "Lulian"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything was great and the owner was very helpful. I highly recommend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-berberi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nApartments Kaloj distinguishes itself with complimentary Wi-Fi access, ensuring guests stay connected throughout their visit. The ground floor houses a welcoming cafe and snack bar, perfect for a quick bite or a leisurely coffee. For those who enjoy outdoor cooking, the property also boasts complimentary barbecue facilities, adding a unique touch to the dining experience.

Comfort is paramount in each accommodation unit, all of which are equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the weather. The convenience extends to the provision of free private parking, a valuable amenity for guests arriving by car.

The surrounding area is a treasure trove of local culture, with bars, cafes, and a variety of restaurants all within a 200-metre radius. A leisurely stroll of just 1 km brings guests to Skanderberg Square, a lush oasis of greenery and a hub of local life. For those intrigued by nightlife and history, the Pyramid monument and the Block area, renowned for its vibrant night clubs, are just a 10-minute walk away. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana Airport, located 15 km from the property, adds a layer of convenience for international travelers.

Apartments Kaloj emerges as a top recommendation for those eager to immerse themselves in the dynamic atmosphere of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and local charm.