---\ntitle: "Apartment in the heart of Tirana , Bllok"\ndescription: "Apartment in the Heart of Tirana, Bllok, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965134.jpg?k=05de41ece24b8df4945e1a577b3b9e22a09f7e0b17c3f1aa3d4ba28d256dbbe7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana-bllok\naddress: "Street Vaso Pasha, Street Nikolla Tupe, Tirana, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31955666\n  lng: 19.81688107\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965134.jpg?k=05de41ece24b8df4945e1a577b3b9e22a09f7e0b17c3f1aa3d4ba28d256dbbe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474964877.jpg?k=0dbbc88c0b9707c8d630cc7ae1e6afd81f2328be2ef253daae84b16842d3c7b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965096.jpg?k=cf14458f46182cc5c923f477de08e7cfe0c132e1da05306c6e747407637de2c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475089770.jpg?k=7cb33291043d0577c51d8449ba23a9f54617a28b111e1731632893c497b777c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965137.jpg?k=4a2d35120377303e4ad24deb6066dcb0018a1ddf0768384b83aec2acd9b1387b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476680532.jpg?k=15340fdc2b4ea643da8fd13172b6418043d4e108dd91edd8640be574d68996eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474963606.jpg?k=0727a5758688ffec6ef4208a82df6280dcd05e9ae850cc03a0bc4435be177e2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474964998.jpg?k=0ba2b981dfcbb956f9fbe8cd192c5249a0bf289323141b5116b8b34d00ad1853&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475089821.jpg?k=7c18c28206773c69a6ded0926b4cf26ef2760d9b1c33cd7fe1c28d8e58294449&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pub Mjelma 20 m"\n  - "Piceri la Loggetta 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matthias"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very friendly and flexibel host and nice apartment in a good neighbourhood”"\n  - name: "Ulrich"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had an absolutely perfect experience at this place. Very spacious, comfortable and clean. The host is very helpful and gave us some valuable tips about the neighborhood. All interactions were very smooth and not complicated at all. Would love...”"\n  - name: "Louistje"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Ela is lovely. She is very helpfull. The appartment is very clean and right in the middle of where its happening! Best spot ever! Do not.miss the oportunity to stay at this appartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-perfect-home-for-exploring-the-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting three generously sized bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with fresh bed linen and towels, this accommodation ensures a comfortable stay for its guests. The living space is complemented by a flat-screen TV offering a wide range of cable channels, a dining area for communal meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own food. The balcony offers a picturesque view of the city, inviting guests to relax and soak in the urban landscape.

Guests are welcomed into the apartment through a private entrance, greeted by thoughtful touches such as chocolates and cookies, adding a personal flair to the experience. The proximity to significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, places guests at the heart of Tirana's historical and cultural scene.

For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located just 5.9 km away, offering an escape to the mountains and breathtaking views of the area. The Rock of Kavaje, another notable attraction, is 45 km from the apartment, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 16 km away, ensuring easy access for international travelers.

Apartment in the Heart of Tirana, Bllok, stands out as a top selection for those desiring a blend of historical charm, modern amenities, and a central location to experience the best of Tirana.