---\ntitle: "Apartments Villa Dovinefa"\ndescription: "Apartments Villa Dovinefa emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145483864.jpg?k=1d3e1bca835f376af5a7f18c3864d35692313cabdbeb9eab4b6f7436599ae681&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-villa-dovinefa\naddress: "Road ''Baba Sherifi \" Center Ksamil 44, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77144132\n  lng: 20.00642111\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 136\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145483864.jpg?k=1d3e1bca835f376af5a7f18c3864d35692313cabdbeb9eab4b6f7436599ae681&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363486611.jpg?k=3377a27f194948462fcf983383ee7bb77fc617e6b650ed4053332c2ff64af186&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145481697.jpg?k=986bdab2cdb4e9e3f59edf9c3a69168e3113acc8bbdc31aca6949ef091b42eff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363483881.jpg?k=a64b09ef64c83814bfd6b49200d22383ae527ab281e33e10b05821c0a2c78d2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146757845.jpg?k=e06efad786731f824f2617c26779d39472b0064f3e05d3c7af19c4ca471fc7e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307947503.jpg?k=51710839fc706f1da1c63a0822dab6d7bb663c63a074bdfefb2b74e83e544711&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363481221.jpg?k=d72e77901d2da27772db72dbe28738456d62ff4efb04bce00f634d2d0a28e627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203277682.jpg?k=33316ff6df5926fffe397b392ed2bf814032bce9530dbadb6f91d24e2d855cf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307947970.jpg?k=f8641fb20d3b42d5d8381b4afe9a9ac30280e10f4cd74d09705ac1d1bac76572&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Freskia E Jonit 100 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mst"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment is new, clean and the bed is great! There is a small kitchen perfect to prepare breakfast and fast meals.
The hosts are very friendly. Close to supermarket and restaurants, walking distance. Great value for the money!”"\n  - name: "İlayda"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“My landlady was so helpful and friendly. I like the room and cute balcony a lot. The room was so clean I could even smell the detergent. I would def suggest anyone to stay there!”"\n  - name: "Patryk"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I would like to recommend this place. it's a good deal for the price. location super close to the center, coastline but at the same time quiet and peaceful at night. the owner in the middle of the stay offered to change the sheets and suggested...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-villa-dovinefa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment is a sanctuary of relaxation, featuring a terrace that presents breathtaking mountain vistas. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with a satellite flat-screen TV, a cozy dining area, and a kitchen equipped with everything needed for a home-cooked meal. The private bathrooms come with a bath, ensuring a soothing end to a day of exploration. Moreover, every unit is complemented by a balcony that serves as a private outdoor dining area, where guests can savor meals against a backdrop of serene lake views. The convenience of in-room wardrobes adds to the comfort of the stay.

For families, the children's playground on-site promises endless fun for the little ones, making it a family-friendly option. Apartments Villa Dovinefa is ideally positioned, allowing easy access to local attractions such as the enchanting Bora Bora Beach and the secluded Ksamil Beach 9. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making it a manageable journey for international travelers.

In essence, Apartments Villa Dovinefa stands out as a harmonious blend of scenic beauty, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities, making it a compelling choice for those visiting Ksamil.