---\ntitle: "Apartment Lada 756"\ndescription: "Apartment Lada 756 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138783.jpg?k=025872cc8ce32043a469b4f52821692cf65276e66a9de9f5f875053a3dab62f9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-lada-756\naddress: "7GG8+89X, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2758625\n  lng: 19.5159844\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138783.jpg?k=025872cc8ce32043a469b4f52821692cf65276e66a9de9f5f875053a3dab62f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138938.jpg?k=00434891b600fb4c51340c0b2e22cd6c4e2a67f9033b92a7379dabe77832ab66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138976.jpg?k=3cd7470731466a0b454b5e3fad8118ef22b871f717501102e5a6fc5e02c33eac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482139001.jpg?k=a8ae6d37621b40b3eb7d05bcbfd8cf34797485def560059406b1685141de62f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138889.jpg?k=f2ef70ad723363d54e4eb0e24d5e469ab3385082f985e78dc859d5e3f3e5a264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138917.jpg?k=31c5f5d94360969782a6c139100f5f50253961a4aa5e1dd61f7ca673feb827ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138992.jpg?k=c15e6ca104d7a0c6a4c514048030c9bf91f69df78cd52a29a1a997c2f2de0884&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138927.jpg?k=1b19cefaf22b6f0c61e7cfc0c4bdd3c7683a3c3ee55d26589eb7729e588104d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482138964.jpg?k=9aed2101a988725b893f8a13b100deabc469359f88b965ab88baf2617d189d56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Orkide 20 m"\n  - "Oyster 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olaf"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament znajduje się przy samej plaży. W pobliżu znajduje się sporo restauracji oraz markety spożywcze. Jest czysto i przestronnie. Na uwagę zasługuje też bardzo dobry kontakt z opiekunką obiektu.”"\n  - name: "Helge"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Lage war super.
Zudem war der Kontakt perfekt. Man musste nie lange auf eine Rückmeldung warten.
Alles in allem war es vom Preis/Leistungsverhältnis perfekt.”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Direkt am Strand, genau so wie auf den Bildern. Sehr viele Handtücher und Badetücher”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedrooms-apartment-756.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with its array of amenities designed to ensure a hassle-free stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a private check-in and check-out experience, elevating the standard of personalized service. The entire apartment is a smoke-free zone, promoting a clean and healthy environment. Moreover, the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises allows guests to stay connected with ease.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious and airy living spaces, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. It is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen comes fully equipped with a dishwasher and microwave, catering to all culinary needs. Additionally, the inclusion of a bathroom with a shower adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those needing essentials or quick snacks, the on-site minimarket serves as a handy resource. While the property provides a serene escape, it also keeps guests within reachable distance to notable attractions. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are located 42 km and 46 km away, respectively, offering opportunities for day trips and exploration. For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 36 km away, ensures a smooth transition to and from the property.

Apartment Lada 756 stands as a beacon for those desiring a tranquil retreat with the comforts of home, coupled with the ease of access to local attractions and beaches.