---\ntitle: "Apartments Vila Roboci"\ndescription: "Apartments Vila Roboci emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101647522.jpg?k=5ea2a2c4ba3c9c5ebdf5bf6f17a66d233872fe2448d039151de00467483b72c7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-vila-roboci\naddress: "rruga Guri Nazifi 37, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87187368\n  lng: 19.99166247\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101647522.jpg?k=5ea2a2c4ba3c9c5ebdf5bf6f17a66d233872fe2448d039151de00467483b72c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301010702.jpg?k=cc5a0784a6727b6264d60f1cfc3df4d10857785f52b73e6e387a87f028d68b29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301009460.jpg?k=4b6bfc719e196b9c714a28a1f173ee623cff7c9eaa1b0c4dfaf758094d09334a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301007717.jpg?k=003ced9c5ef6a37887c3af117465ec87b05fbae4677bd8e9fbcea6190ad1292d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301009885.jpg?k=8fcd55428a7c180295c565ad1a32b379621fac01c622329170a0ffbac729e334&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301006607.jpg?k=e4029593e479d53dfade1175231dd9d609c9b4883ed35de7048be0741400f503&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301010203.jpg?k=ebe38968e3a06828ab0823b98b992b49baf3a1aabe15e8be9fa03b8c2605e7f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301006244.jpg?k=b84c35bc5a14edc187e536be6511810e93118898e64c83036b65c4c43236288b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301011042.jpg?k=1ab5e6b805a1bb2e09acb5f051ebfb27c4e9aea14bf81eabab618fbfd463d3c3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (114 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 150 m"\n  - "Taverna del Mare 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 40 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jimmy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean and well equipped, it’s fantastic for a long stay,
There is a breeze during the evening and we had the best sleep, there is a mesh on the windows and the door so no need to worry about mosquitoes and no need to sleep with the air con on (I...”"\n  - name: "Zlatko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment, immaculately clean, with gorgeous terrace view. Downside of the view is 70 stairs, but it is woth it. Wonderful hosts, Inis was there for all our inquires. No problem with parking in the street. Several nice restaurants and...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La signora, figlia ed il marito persone eccezionali. La casa pulita, bella, posizione ottima veramente 2 minuti dalla prima spiaggia.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-roboci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts air-conditioned accommodations, each thoughtfully designed with a balcony that presents serene garden views. Inside, guests are treated to a suite of modern amenities including a cable flat-screen TV, a cozy dining area, and a well-equipped kitchen, ensuring a stay that combines the essence of home with the luxury of vacation. Private bathrooms come standard with showers, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries, complemented by the provision of fresh bed linen and towels in every unit.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to partake in a variety of activities around Sarandë, with fishing standing out as a popular pastime. For those seeking moments of relaxation, the property's garden offers a peaceful retreat.

Located a short drive from the enchanting Maestral Beach and the historic Butrint National Park, Apartments Vila Roboci positions itself as an ideal base for explorers. With Ioannina Airport 98 km away, the journey to this coastal sanctuary is a straightforward affair for international and domestic travelers alike.

Offering free WiFi and private parking, Apartments Vila Roboci not only caters to families with its spacious family rooms but also promises a stay that is as convenient as it is delightful.