---\ntitle: "Apartamente Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Apartamente Tirana, a prime accommodation choice that promises an immersive city experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489892955.jpg?k=cebd06ede0feef906542a9c9fa519a47ec75abdd2a7abbc765a14a1872c46a05&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartamente-tirana\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33238396\n  lng: 19.84252681\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489892955.jpg?k=cebd06ede0feef906542a9c9fa519a47ec75abdd2a7abbc765a14a1872c46a05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491944822.jpg?k=a3120b9a673f57ab4d69047a6516bacccbbbe7de0e75278a927d115cb50f3369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893177.jpg?k=9e3853e88e9317f1b0c5564f8782a83d33928e30a19fb0e51826e36d97b07be9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893117.jpg?k=4ba79e7b4f9f1f00016ac7d8ceafd87fdff3805972d9d2e13ae5d6cbac4d5585&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893261.jpg?k=df7bfc33575645fec4398bc2e3c44f2da0ba560128fa3975cac42fc5d2e3eb07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893165.jpg?k=e847f7c90eb8f6bdcfdad2e0780365892bdc3bda3ffcf044cfddd90984cb5435&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893090.jpg?k=081707aa541334c7e38cdb4d115f0ea7cc64f665232b96e4a205661fb4cba693&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489893198.jpg?k=064a1502960c9dd1418095e27a586c2fa768466d857da11216136ff37bd87899&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491944715.jpg?k=160b6e463697f66f02dd643fd5624832af39ffa4b7f42531ef19e0e12546f096&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Korçare 150 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Olsi 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Faruq"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very neat and easy access to city center. The host was helpful too”"\n  - name: "Alcinda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was in a convenient location where we had access to all the tourist attractions, restaurants and day activities❤️. We had a beautiful view of the mountains and the room was spacious and very comfy and warm.
Access to house facilities...”"\n  - name: "Baka"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great service from the owner. The apartment was great value for the money. Definitely will book again next time.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamente-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSituated in the heart of Tirana, guests at Apartamente Tirana are treated to captivating city views, with the iconic Skanderbeg Square just 3.3 km away. For those looking to explore the natural beauty and adventure that the area has to offer, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is within a 4.1 km reach. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Bektashi World Centre, located less than 1 km away, while the historic Tanners' Bridge is a mere 1.8 km from the property.

Each apartment at Apartamente Tirana is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and convenience. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air conditioning, a necessity for the warm Tirana climate, alongside entertainment options provided by flat-screen TVs with streaming services. The inclusion of a microwave, coffee machine, and fridge in the kitchen allows for a home-cooked meal away from home, while the walk-in shower and private bathroom add an extra layer of privacy and relaxation. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained throughout their stay.

For those interested in exploring beyond the city, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 3.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the country's history. Adventure seekers can venture further to the Rock of Kavaje, located 47 km from the apartments. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated 18 km from Apartamente Tirana, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Apartamente Tirana stands as a testament to the blend of comfort, convenience, and culture, offering an ideal base for those looking to explore the vibrant city of Tirana and its surroundings.