---\ntitle: "Apartments Bella Vista"\ndescription: "Apartments Bella Vista emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, located just 11 km from the historic Durres Amphitheatre."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310199.jpg?k=079a22053f69c6e664e727cb07cfc6bb7fae1afb45cf5708533f9087bcf56f46&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-bella-vista\naddress: "Rr. Pavarsia, Shkembi i Kavajes, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27442895\n  lng: 19.51663158\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 196\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 7.3\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310199.jpg?k=079a22053f69c6e664e727cb07cfc6bb7fae1afb45cf5708533f9087bcf56f46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310198.jpg?k=8e07ee919c1c8239a09d7a9f6487fdd31c05034c45ca9e65dfc24ee1bfdbbc15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310205.jpg?k=9200fc0e594b2feaf181bdb2d5c242a5f7c67550b279a8f58995712be7ce4692&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310172.jpg?k=3d098660111dfacb7f7e9b703e8bf4730a223079ea49c284508feadd836de71c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310177.jpg?k=ba91d07a4dca514f168ded60a607b89508245de8bd1f154a2d8b0b9b8f4cf5bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310171.jpg?k=49e04254974fc71b7a5af83cde133b3ae99971d5f80cbd5ed412d0911ab232c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310180.jpg?k=607cbc92a7422b23c93cc9977268fd30f2b3264c888573a0eadcbcced0b9fba1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310196.jpg?k=3624008be7cc216184d6b5fab65a47ebb0f9fa25f47ce0043c49fddd3f7573f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89310169.jpg?k=e5c1b79db9c10ba5d8be8b6fffaaea67ce06ab68c3b6f36599e94f7ee899ef0d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gelateri Anonimo 10 m"\n  - "Restorant Pizzeri Troplini 2 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eriona"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“We stayed at the other part of their hotel next to the one we booked so we didn't stay at the apartments in the pictures, so the other part that we stayed was sooo much better than the place i originally booked. Because it was low season and...”"\n  - name: "Alen"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything Ok, near the beach, staff excellent, good breakfast”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nocowaliśmy poza sezonem i otrzymaliśmy pokój w hotelu zamiast departamentu, więc standard był naprawdę bardzo dobry. Hotel jest bardzo blisko plaży i deptaka, w pobliżu są również sklepy i restauracje (w tym, w samym hotelu), jednak by dostać się...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-bella-vista.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned apartment at Bella Vista is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring a cable TV for entertainment and a balcony for enjoying the gentle sea breeze. The kitchenette, equipped with a dining area, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, while the private bathrooms are fitted with a shower and bidet, adding to the overall sense of privacy and comfort.

For those who prefer not to cook, the on-site restaurant serves up delectable dishes that cater to a variety of tastes, and the bar is the perfect spot for a refreshing drink after a day in the sun.

Strategically located, Bella Vista Apartments is a mere 7.8 km from the Port of Durres, making it an ideal base for exploring the area. Tirana, with its vibrant culture and attractions, is only 42 km away, and for those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is conveniently 38 km from the property.

With its blend of convenience, comfort, and exclusive beach access, Apartments Bella Vista stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Durrës.