---\ntitle: "Apartment Centre View New Bazaar"\ndescription: "Apartment Centre View New Bazaar emerges as a modern retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434716289.jpg?k=0a58912b59e887ea51374c03cf2f37f508c08c31d33e745d3a095e059d904238&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-centre-view-new-bazaar\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32910476\n  lng: 19.82192696\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434716289.jpg?k=0a58912b59e887ea51374c03cf2f37f508c08c31d33e745d3a095e059d904238&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434715874.jpg?k=884c108592b03f17befd8b00f61128a3f17796ba24f208ca0a27d7b678492629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389146313.jpg?k=9da9a7ec831e51741ce04ef02d92009827a5374199ffe39443a3c199adb88bc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434716067.jpg?k=89c10a4d8a8bd388376938aade6a4197201d377f1a2da49843c21b2416830b07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434716387.jpg?k=cb87f983ac17e7179491783765233f595c708713d50778fa36dde03743120f8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389146881.jpg?k=4cc59533a3cd2eee9070a73452fb79f9c81340074d3b1e3a871abd61beeb0719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389146714.jpg?k=582c0b6b0eca6b79637e9f810663696c88bbbcd521a4086f0a7931a1594e25ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389146662.jpg?k=030eed66ce6feaa543f26851f3dd7edf5a800599a1e98c1eca2b536be6415ead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434716148.jpg?k=5a39f213fca3827895b84eed5d9f2b1211cc79b95eed854d044b59205b7b98a9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ama 10 m"\n  - "Happy Times 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 50 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irena"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was good, owner was nice and willing. Location is great. Approved :)”"\n  - name: "Noemi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La casa è moderna, in pieno centro. Il proprietario è stato gentilissimo. Il wi-fi funziona. Ottima vista sul centro di Tirana. Coperte extra, phon per capelli, la casa è molto fornita di tutto. Se siete in 3 la terza persona dormirà nel divano...”"\n  - name: "Habiba"\n    country: "Kazakhstan"\n    text: "“Всё чисто комфортно! Хозяин приветливый, хороший человек. Прям в центре города.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-bazaar-center-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests can enjoy the luxury of a private, air-conditioned apartment featuring a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a clean and fresh stay for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, and for those arriving by car, private parking is available at an additional charge. The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana adds to its appeal, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts and shopping aficionados alike. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, making Apartment Centre View New Bazaar a top choice for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana.