---\ntitle: "Apartment in the heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Apartment in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500829296.jpg?k=90005e54d90283e765b9392838604a84a9d4ea940f38c2b7fcb3d213324a9798&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Frederik Shiroka , Ndertesat 22 , Hyrja 18, Apartament 16, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32757617\n  lng: 19.80510414\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500829296.jpg?k=90005e54d90283e765b9392838604a84a9d4ea940f38c2b7fcb3d213324a9798&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525053821.jpg?k=aed46432d0f10719adf093c814946f943a2b46e6f37e531b2aefce182698f5e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500824971.jpg?k=56d0402f14280ba4a1de40ebf7bebc7c4528958a36916daca05af399a1d39c0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155540.jpg?k=1e18ff5d95e77002ed313d45a19a94deafb632d8eedfc75e77466e6f2c26c335&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500317345.jpg?k=1bf2913707b8571aabd5fc30ee365b31adc2fabbaf6102a9d950c7b5d35a0848&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504149099.jpg?k=a6964f738ca5e7579bae85c06ea03afb0e775222274121275ce6a83933f09c64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500825162.jpg?k=723294961697c951d4c8ec88a6df5eb75ff4da7672b36989f8336d1f01ce3a18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504154926.jpg?k=5a17983260b6c0dc0283a2a23775ab968f1323e7fdd174302a1a065b5aabd17b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525053740.jpg?k=043f2c3bd1a2a39daba31390459617c832d1f6d19f631187a87365766f684ee6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (84 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "bar Esss 50 m"\n  - "Kava Bistro Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Koci"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“From the moment I stepped into the apartment, I was impressed by the impeccable cleanliness and welcoming ambiance. The staff's warmth and efficiency were remarkable, ensuring a smooth check-in process. The room was not only tastefully decorated...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis one-bedroom haven doesn't just boast an enviable location; it comes equipped with all the modern amenities required for a seamless stay. Guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and fridge, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. The air-conditioned unit also features a washing machine, a bidet, and a dressing room, ensuring that comfort and functionality are at the forefront of your stay. Moreover, an outdoor dining area adds a charming touch, perfect for enjoying meals under the open sky.

Beyond the confines of this cozy retreat, guests will find themselves within easy reach of Tirana's most beloved attractions. The House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the iconic Clock Tower of Tirana are all nearby, inviting guests to explore and create lasting memories. For those traveling to or from the city by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 13 km away is an added bonus.

Apartment in the Heart of Tirana stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those wishing to dive into the dynamic lifestyle of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed home away from home.