---\ntitle: "Apartment Rina"\ndescription: "Apartment Rina emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Sarandë, boasting both garden and city views that promise a stay filled with tranquility and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71633871.jpg?k=aa88506ee4833e825374fd3f098ef062e78f48b21f8e441d05b8af28645430a6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-rina\naddress: "Pandeli Bocari, 24, lagjia nr 1. Sarande, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87728151\n  lng: 20.00756518\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 373\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71633871.jpg?k=aa88506ee4833e825374fd3f098ef062e78f48b21f8e441d05b8af28645430a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447831015.jpg?k=6f2aaa9db26ca94ee9efd6944fe031aa1dc6428e300cfd785c4b36733f60cde6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456387872.jpg?k=e39f013e3212e6f8fdd01637437076c56ade32418f7a970be3d01cfdce6f5811&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495607578.jpg?k=c6fed8936fca2736e56d697e5a32aee51947f31d9935cda3d7b1699e455557b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457583826.jpg?k=676cb415f4812e973cbe2354ae681ec62e4f6098c590728df7e95b1b6889008d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457583358.jpg?k=011bea8ba0962f382d8b40ec98a5bf3240c4e920a08cd22a72dd7e274a812b66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456675137.jpg?k=d0a24773d341a38c2af3edbb357e3a0429cfbdd0399eae8a10b967ac2f977fd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456674945.jpg?k=554066099d00d2d7589c7e6db72843157dc5d07111d62218d6f2ebefab5415af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456674778.jpg?k=4cd7165aa04f36850fe23c2e72ad50eefb27afdea7d80395dc558612e3bb4127&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maliq coffee shop 150 m"\n  - "Zum Cafe 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Serhii"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“They were very friendly owners. They found parking for the car and brought wine glasses.”"\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Great place to stay in Sarande. We had the standard apartment and it was very roomy with a kitchen and separate bathroom. Both the living room and the bedroom had a terrace with a view of the sea and a washing line which was great. The hosts were...”"\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Perfect place for an affordable price. Clean and easy access by walk. Host was there all the times.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-rina.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation doesn't just offer a place to rest; it's a fully immersive experience. Each air-conditioned unit is thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring private bathrooms, flat-screen TVs, fully equipped kitchens, and balconies that offer a slice of nature or cityscape. For those seeking a little extra space, select units expand the invitation to relaxation with additional seating areas and/or terraces, all while maintaining a cozy, homely vibe.

Connectivity is seamless here, with complimentary WiFi ensuring guests stay connected with the world, should they choose to. The promise of warmth extends beyond the climate, with heating facilities available in all units, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the season.

Beyond the confines of Apartment Rina, guests will find La Petite Beach just a leisurely walk away, while the historic Butrint National Park lies 17 kilometers from the doorstep, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 kilometers away, making Apartment Rina an accessible haven for both local and international visitors.

In essence, Apartment Rina is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring Sarandë's enchanting landscapes, rich history, and vibrant local life, all while ensuring the utmost comfort and convenience for its guests.