---\ntitle: "Apartments in White Residence"\ndescription: "Apartments in White Residence, located in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, offers an exceptional stay mere steps away from the pristine Santa Quaranta and VIP Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242302806.jpg?k=2d07302b782696baa6ea09aea6e8ac35fdc17c3a13cdd3e476f6ef5e0f4b0674&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-in-white-residence\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, Sarandë 9702, Албания квартира №6, этаж 3, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85713395\n  lng: 20.02039688\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242302806.jpg?k=2d07302b782696baa6ea09aea6e8ac35fdc17c3a13cdd3e476f6ef5e0f4b0674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139693219.jpg?k=175a782fb308ac70bda3d140667a383ef8c5c85368c4d1aab365acf063f0de59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139693661.jpg?k=05032323be91984dfc0e4048ec2f33fb5e574398dd999872211791debe5a8d60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139693481.jpg?k=d4cd44d6d802d26717ec4549aeaeb289aad0cc18a6606aec4748c859e04923f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242300598.jpg?k=d30b2b2ab3d458ba4ded70a320bd80c75adac77f697af2f1e97a2f312809d992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139694198.jpg?k=cc8620a1f25ae69e2f8ddad125b77f3a0af197b57dceb6775b823aac28ab20d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139693197.jpg?k=6d0ca8e6102dcddcdaad2b641c70b67f14baf4920524a44b5513b0961040e956&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139693667.jpg?k=eaa126a0513e38430e68298a6214594e0d10462052dea71261f76ed03730bf50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139685067.jpg?k=b35bebe5f23057514acd64f7f5f9ef5aee449e2f252988c3c00bdb81395d1604&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 20 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 150 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Denis"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The appartment is well equipped with everything needed, it is spacious and very good value for money.
Near the apartment, there is a bakery, lots of cafés, restaurants and pizzerias as well as small and big stores where we could buy everything...”"\n  - name: "Burbuqe"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Location is perfect, near the beach and not far from the city. The appt is nice, well equiped with big balcony.”"\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Podobało mi się, że 2 osoby w różnych punktach czekały na mój przyjazd. Wielkie dzięki Nuri! Apartament na drugim piętrze, wszystko zgodne z opisem i udostępnionymi zdjęciami.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-in-white-residence-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern comfort and elegance, featuring a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a balcony overlooking the sea. It is fully equipped with a flat-screen TV, a kitchen that includes a microwave and toaster, and a bathroom with a walk-in shower. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, ensuring a comfortable stay.

One of the unique aspects of Apartments in White Residence is the opportunity for guests to enjoy outdoor dining, allowing them to savor their meals against the backdrop of Sarandë's stunning coastal scenery. Moreover, the location is perfect for those looking to immerse themselves in local activities, with fishing being a popular pastime in the area.

The property is also conveniently situated near several of Sarandë's most sought-after beaches, including Flamingo, Mango, and Maestral Beach, making it an ideal base for beach lovers. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 97 km away, ensuring easy access for international guests.

In summary, Apartments in White Residence is a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the beauty of Sarandë's coastal landscape.