---\ntitle: "Apartment in Grand Blue Fafa Golem"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Golem with a stay at the Apartment in Grand Blue Fafa Golem, a prime beachfront property that promises more than just a place to sleep."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360752531.jpg?k=faa16288654edd5f42fd9c491967f77afc15b997f77ce4158c05958f45b440bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-grand-blue-fafa-golem\naddress: "Rruga Kompleksit, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26429547\n  lng: 19.52040106\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360752531.jpg?k=faa16288654edd5f42fd9c491967f77afc15b997f77ce4158c05958f45b440bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445715572.jpg?k=218dbbf5f21bed0410e696542d73c3cf31d9def043aa998f4c623f64b6c89156&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362311880.jpg?k=e1c260111ca838205bb822d616239dd509472a2f30f1ff7b7e2cdf1b0eb44d94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360754400.jpg?k=821a5b035cd319c68c180521736aa27c66996721c39c7f47e0a940d62a7518a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362306206.jpg?k=ba698716f134f7903c3a0040139995c843fa6ad4f1f099cca66e08731da4bd85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362305953.jpg?k=0fb691ba36cb38852de0e47e96d5a5c42d0d0b2e938d3ad76689ebba50700cfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362317262.jpg?k=07364c194d2763e9e4c74f909e7cd645085571b5639f22251e5820977149d2a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445715902.jpg?k=aa5e7099a39dea17f6347909920914dab421aea6298e37f5e7d3eccc72e1b24a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445715639.jpg?k=245a2f778a10787d293bca4fd07e10c1b1e96c521e18d065a7b3fcdf0fbfdb03&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sevian Pizza & Snack 40 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eleni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“i liked everything . apartment was nice and comfortable .”"\n  - name: "Mirela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is newly built. Spotless clean. The host was very nice and very helpful with anything you ask.
The apartment is self-catering but there are plenty of supermarkets and restaurants close by.
The location is great and very close to...”"\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is new building and was spotlessly clean, spacious and has side sea view . our first booking was 10 days then we extended another 3. there are few small supermarket nearby which were very handy . The host met us on arrival and was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-2-bedroom-apartment-in-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers the comfort and convenience of home. Guests will find themselves in a beautifully air-conditioned apartment featuring two separate bedrooms, a bathroom, and a spacious living room. The inclusion of a balcony adds a touch of luxury, providing the perfect spot to enjoy a morning coffee or unwind after a day of sun and sea.

For those arriving by car, the added bonus of free private parking lifts the burden of finding a safe spot for your vehicle. And while the tranquility of the beach is a highlight, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks like the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha invites guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.

Located 44 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square and a scenic drive from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests have the opportunity to explore the vibrant city life and stunning natural landscapes Albania has to offer. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 38 km away, the Apartment in Grand Blue Fafa Golem serves as an accessible retreat for both international travelers and those looking to explore the rich offerings of Golem and its surroundings.