---\ntitle: "Apartments Kraja"\ndescription: "Apartments Kraja emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Velipojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231846699.jpg?k=a9d2cfc2c24146b7d79fe37ee05bb71ee7b62fe1a4a26bd909661193bb766ebd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-kraja\naddress: "Vilu Prane Hidrovorit, 4005 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86369384\n  lng: 19.44109619\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 119\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231846699.jpg?k=a9d2cfc2c24146b7d79fe37ee05bb71ee7b62fe1a4a26bd909661193bb766ebd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308801962.jpg?k=7bce28fa04b6c86f65912bf9d5645dd2481bd7990a5af6b82da36cd24f6ded07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238228898.jpg?k=c3c45f7a0a84e4b1a2bddf9cc60b1baa8c57c95429aa086146003fb21684f6fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231848058.jpg?k=a41f3b79ce134b8dcae53a2bf4c993fc450d326574dac69a170bc802e7f83973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492897960.jpg?k=a66bae9d58f73a866882ddc791c15e9d22f1df9b238d5640640ee2e9adfd2990&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492897724.jpg?k=64ec2a438b7cb003b8574f2a18882c7bf995fa777a4b965c2c8dfbfc1451dfd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492894700.jpg?k=cdb075e778bf30a34a41d8b344fed56e5ea6dbad552df29a97350a2f6d5c8c91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492895441.jpg?k=a4aa284686317796d69cf51f84a5b570297513343e37767c763818cf3de575ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492896399.jpg?k=a0e2a1036be66161bfe8b608ef975be3748bb55f5ad4df50a889a1fb1c90314a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (100 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Faro 350 m"\n  - "Restorant Erkoci 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 400 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 6 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 11 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 13 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 14 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 14 km"\n  - "Tropicana 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 15 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 16 km"\n  - "Saranda 16 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 17 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 53 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 56 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“- Super nice host - common area for drinking, eating and chatting - great dinner for little money prepared by the host only for us
- close to the sea
- spacious parking - quiet place”"\n  - name: "Vega"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The hosts were very nice and gave us all the facilities for a very pleasant stay.”"\n  - name: "Ralf"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“What a pleasure staying there with the Superhosts Ginc and Arjana. We had a super Good time, enjoyed the environment, their food and the Area. Worth to come back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-kraja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering a range of facilities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From complimentary bicycles for exploring the local area to the convenience of air-conditioned spaces, Apartments Kraja ensures a comfortable and enjoyable visit. The presence of a 24-hour front desk, alongside a dedicated picnic area, adds to the property's appeal, ensuring guests' needs are promptly met at any time of the day.

Accommodations at Apartments Kraja are thoughtfully appointed, featuring balconies that offer serene garden views, creating a tranquil retreat for guests. Each apartment is equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen boasting an oven, fridge, stovetop, kitchenware, and kettle, and a private bathroom complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. The inclusion of bed linen and towels in the units further exemplifies the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to unwind, the property hosts a bar and lounge area, perfect for relaxing after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of an on-site minimarket caters to any last-minute needs or desires.

Travelers looking to explore beyond the immediate area will find the car rental service offered by Apartments Kraja invaluable. The property's location also serves as an ideal base for visiting notable attractions, with Rozafa Castle Shkodra located 31 km away and Lake Skadar at a distance of 33 km. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 85 km from the accommodation, making Apartments Kraja an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Apartments Kraja presents a compelling option for those seeking a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and attentive service in the heart of Velipojë.