---\ntitle: "Apartment in the heart of Old Bazaar, Tirana - Hana Apartments"\ndescription: "Hana Apartments: A Gem in the Heart of Tirana's Old Bazaar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419662924.jpg?k=636de41ba04fb0d2aa9db778301b0046ad9847b239a8d65fb0f63b4e1eb327e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-the-heart-of-old-bazaar-tirana-hana-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Saraçëve, 1018 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33259269\n  lng: 19.82431434\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419662924.jpg?k=636de41ba04fb0d2aa9db778301b0046ad9847b239a8d65fb0f63b4e1eb327e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419663101.jpg?k=001e75ddc436533f1ebe09f1b9e41ffff9bf88055ae15be05651635052b758c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419662243.jpg?k=b4f12f75579a12935e73e904eaf7ad4bd105dc61965aa78dacb7fa2fdee20a4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419663330.jpg?k=b47c500cd922cb117156d45597890350222017fa12286131c2bd872ef3a0a817&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419663436.jpg?k=9a076f749d6cfece91f8547f2b5d47dee5e006a296387341d9fae6b2fb36e9b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409732782.jpg?k=134b4fe35c662c19d82b7344294b2d98a69297aa8be6178317d179f614caf761&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409485969.jpg?k=0fbd4545623a13bf4b9a9b47766c34bbd074b5fa723aa1c31f9de114ad0e0c69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409485967.jpg?k=3199fa08219d5e8b7143236882c9694bb29a17bc73f812b689afd7544c1e05a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419662260.jpg?k=b855e112420b03e484e5c18b61182ea774a6089d690033760f7940c05bfe6d1d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Chateau 40 m"\n  - "Shija e Zgares 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rosita"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Thank you for a wonderful stay at Hana apartment in the center of Tirana. Great location and contact with the owner. We highly recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Perpurays"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Very close to the bazaar and the city center. Very clean apartment and perfect white bed sheets. The host was so nice and helpful for pretty much everything.”"\n  - name: "Albi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The host gave us tips what to do and what to visit. The apartament was at the Old Bazaar, and we could walk everything and enjoy it without having the need to take any bus or taxi. Everything was clean and cute.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-the-heart-of-old-bazaar-tirana-hana-apartments-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nDiscover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Hana Apartments, a prime accommodation choice located in the vibrant heart of the Old Bazaar. This exquisite apartment, a mere stone's throw from the city's most captivating attractions, offers guests a unique blend of convenience and serenity.

Positioned strategically, Hana Apartments is just 4.4 km away from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a brief 1.8 km journey from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. Guests have the luxury of exploring nearby landmarks with ease, including the Tanners' Bridge, the iconic Clock Tower Tirana, and the serene Et'hem Bey Mosque. Moreover, the bustling Skanderbeg Square is accessible within a leisurely walk of less than 1 km, ensuring that the cultural heart of Tirana is never far away.

The apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, featuring one elegantly furnished bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests stay connected during their visit. Emphasizing a healthy living environment, the accommodation is strictly non-smoking.

For those keen to immerse themselves in the local culture and entertainment, Hana Apartments is ideally located near the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a diverse mix of historical, cultural, and retail experiences.

Ease of access is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, making Hana Apartments a perfect base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's the allure of historical exploration or the convenience of modern amenities, Hana Apartments stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Tirana's Old Bazaar.