---\ntitle: "Apartments Villa Braho"\ndescription: "Apartments Villa Braho emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, offering guests a unique blend of garden and lake views that promise a tranquil escape from the everyday."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95254527.jpg?k=d717f980f174ea4fd37c765f367a47a2d44e387b82c6e68ef9751e58716ab9a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-villa-braho\naddress: "Rruga Sul Starovari, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89836257\n  lng: 20.67522888\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95254527.jpg?k=d717f980f174ea4fd37c765f367a47a2d44e387b82c6e68ef9751e58716ab9a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471501034.jpg?k=00459e01960a1a85fcf6a9eaa2b241bab3b0c0a0bcf6a5d516cae27463930745&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471503936.jpg?k=e9b7320ceedd59e7b8caabee6f95d2d5912af8921936fc6f195a895c16ce8765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96601257.jpg?k=b81b0c36925895b36d47f8039c66582392a1dc9fdafdc997fe79c6e04a89616c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471503301.jpg?k=07e4dc39090e5a181512021f9a11c767c0f58ad1603e340293a1c23746fa2058&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108008646.jpg?k=b9d93b8129f8921d1f7b0d18caa4c13fb1dde79d8c6867f57e089cf81a979367&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Ani 300 m"\n  - "1 Maji Restorant 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 500 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 13 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Clean and spacious appartement with parking in the garden. Good for motorcycles :-)”"\n  - name: "Gianni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Pulita, spaziosa, di recente costruzione. Parcheggio privato, lago a 7 minuti a piedi.”"\n  - name: "Chumachenko"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Прекрасная, просторная квартира со всем необходимым и парковкой. Очень приветливые и хорошие хозяева.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/braho-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its commitment to comfort and convenience, providing air-conditioned accommodations complete with complimentary WiFi and private parking. Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring a patio for serene mornings, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary explorations, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment and practical needs are met with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The inclusion of a private bathroom, equipped with a shower and hair dryer, adds an extra layer of privacy and convenience.

For families or groups, the availability of spacious family rooms and the option of a barbecue set the stage for memorable gatherings. The option of units with a dining area or balcony allows for customized living spaces tailored to guest preferences, while the essential wardrobe in every unit keeps belongings organized.

Strategically positioned, Apartments Villa Braho is not only close to natural wonders like the Ohrid Lake Springs but also cultural landmarks, with Port Ohrid and the Church of St. John at Kaneo both 38 km away. For those traveling by air, Ohrid Airport is a manageable 44 km from the property, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In essence, Apartments Villa Braho offers a blend of natural beauty, thoughtful amenities, and strategic location, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a peaceful yet convenient stay in Pogradec.