---\ntitle: "APARTMENTS ERI"\ndescription: "APARTMENTS ERI stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just 1 km from the vibrant Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307931223.jpg?k=88e63fd6d223e1ab8197c412ef0133e71963fa026ec84c4a2c698e69284d1db5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-eri\naddress: "gjergj araniti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87870667\n  lng: 20.00706505\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 6.9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307931223.jpg?k=88e63fd6d223e1ab8197c412ef0133e71963fa026ec84c4a2c698e69284d1db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515861376.jpg?k=bebdb0f5c51b2f5ae5ca05127e97f6b232c895642a01f148ded533e61bb62eb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187122968.jpg?k=556842e98a0c4b111187feb762481f7f3cd14072418383b60d091f4e84de6f73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515860689.jpg?k=7b2b314466943e819a71141ab4e5bda647e760bbeef6a5aba4ab149c4edc8e3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307938728.jpg?k=b69c28938b913b706516ef9bd24218293ac2018b644b736229d94f59a477d5bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361510927.jpg?k=8eb5e5b30cb98d4ce8c0340adcac4944fb956e15755502237855f8567258a3de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483704809.jpg?k=8bc491ba90cbca2ef5207c206ac5b419e5ee6864fb6ef17f6da8f2462be00d31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483704180.jpg?k=ef5b46f74f05e2926b0b4e388d4a18f7f3b3ed658b07f365c94a61e6c1e12654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515861492.jpg?k=91519a707430b97a0e3c4b9586e3b25750f00243266c6e9d9532f5672d109779&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maliq coffee shop 200 m"\n  - "PIZZA SAVOS 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 600 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lilian"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“The owner was very nice to us, we had to book at last time and they waited for us until late. I really appreciated that. The apartment is new, beautiful, comfy and well equipped. It was amazing having a balcony with a wonderful view.”"\n  - name: "Samanta"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Great apartment with a beautiful balcony. Good price and very very helpful and nice owners!! Thanks a lot, we had a great stay 😊”"\n  - name: "Mohamed"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The host was super nice and friendly, they picked me up when I arrived and also drove me to the port when I left. They are alaways trying to help with anything you ask for.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-eri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at APARTMENTS ERI is designed with privacy in mind, featuring a separate entrance to enhance the guest experience. The accommodations are ideal for families, offering spacious family rooms that cater to the needs of all ages. The interior of each unit reveals a thoughtful layout, including a terrace that presents breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a fridge and kitchenware for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The private bathroom, equipped with a shower and slippers, adds an extra layer of comfort to the stay.

Guests will be delighted to find that each apartment also includes a patio with an outdoor dining area, where they can enjoy meals against the backdrop of stunning mountain views. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

APARTMENTS ERI is ideally situated for those eager to explore Saranda's most beloved beaches, including Sarande Main Beach, La Petite Beach, and Maestral Beach, all easily accessible from the property. For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km away, making APARTMENTS ERI a convenient base for both local and international visitors. This property emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a memorable stay in Saranda, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty.