---\ntitle: "Apartment Vlorida"\ndescription: "Apartment Vlorida emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372798531.jpg?k=fb5ea45a11f4af5b219317e118eab7389c5d5c47dd9486c5f35c311452140640&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-vlorida\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi nd. 121 ap 28, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43554107\n  lng: 19.49567075\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372798531.jpg?k=fb5ea45a11f4af5b219317e118eab7389c5d5c47dd9486c5f35c311452140640&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372800335.jpg?k=473d9c28426d6817e9cc8cedb9d35d3e751a14d39fe11a6bbc18b866fa69e870&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372797819.jpg?k=d96b9a31bd999b00acafca2b1b93ec501b20aeb54a8ae1a99198c3826dba2831&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372798490.jpg?k=d1852f21bb6251f90ec525f43de41333556bb3bfb5b1310bbcf6186dedef01fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372798506.jpg?k=eba29686e776e6cdd48f80ecbcaaf50a922aecb9e82306fba731821ab5aeb713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517227155.jpg?k=fa96f0e6d4416a90fdf42b207053562547575a42d66459f34b3269819967a040&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372797371.jpg?k=6dd420fcf3adaf1e065a904d9a939c4462195eae81d3c86057e9372fdbb9bc1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372797362.jpg?k=2a5aa45d4804a3e8fd0d039ac6c91db04bd7b733045139d4a227ca8ca46e0e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517227653.jpg?k=29e83b442bf1f8a54353f96f5ddcb43333809ad682e4bf5f5452437f2d348415&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Boss 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Picaresco 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 100 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 800 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1.9 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 100 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.9 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing beachfront views. Near the restaurants, nightlife, markets and amenities. The property is just like advertised. The best thing is the super host Lula, very friendly and makes you feel at home. Definitely coming back. Thank you for a lovely...”"\n  - name: "Norbert"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Der Luxuriöse Standard des Apartments. Die Besitzer des Apartments waren sehr nett. Schöne Umgebung. Es fehlt einem an nichts und es ist sehr sauber.”"\n  - name: "Heiko"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Alles war super in Ordnung!
Das Apartment ist sehr zu empfehlen. Die Beschreibung und die Fotos entsprechen zu 100% !
Schon am ersten Tag stellten wir fest, dass der Kühlschrank defekt war. Die Eigentümerin war sofort bemüht (22 Uhr) einen neuen...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-breeze-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering the spacious apartment, guests are greeted with a layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony offering breathtaking sea views. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, while the kitchen comes fully furnished with a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The presence of two bathrooms, each featuring a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience.

One of the standout features of Apartment Vlorida is its terrace, which provides an outdoor dining area where guests can savor their meals against the backdrop of the city's panoramic views. The commitment to guest privacy and comfort is evident through thoughtful touches like a private entrance and soundproofing throughout the apartment.

For those concerned with practicalities, the property addresses all needs with the inclusion of an elevator, an ATM, and currency exchange services on-site. Connectivity is never an issue, thanks to the complimentary WiFi access provided to all guests.

Situated just 2 km from the Beach at Government Villas and 4 km from the historical Kuzum Baba, Apartment Vlorida serves as an ideal base for exploring the local area. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km away, making the apartment a feasible option for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Apartment Vlorida stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a harmonious blend of location, luxury, and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting Vlorë.