---\ntitle: "Apartment in Qerret"\ndescription: "Apartment in Qerret emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, mere steps from the pristine sands of Qerret Beach and a short drive from the tranquil Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429510602.jpg?k=afc5cdba77a67d441ab3532da7f757c159468b5aa4a1dc04138cf01d9fc9c8d9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-qerret\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21794538\n  lng: 19.50544089\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429510602.jpg?k=afc5cdba77a67d441ab3532da7f757c159468b5aa4a1dc04138cf01d9fc9c8d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429512829.jpg?k=dbdea65a4e3b8ba4a6a5d2686cc601afe7b4a48efbe921e07b3778eb59effcce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466424367.jpg?k=4a1524c41c07d6e0cce3429c2f9a9b0f42db9baa26314fd636923a2e6664c9fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435665135.jpg?k=b6121827fa4183db87f613652d3ae21684a982d5ea93a95ac5dbe5ad6e82cd21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435666284.jpg?k=aac1c30be5d2fce8369759ce9fa826fbc3af24a3d4872fa17cc8cd1c369882d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435665522.jpg?k=843d7d42854f31e34f791f0c885f6616cd78157315222863352834b7a75131f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435665338.jpg?k=bd17e5e5d66446fd540fd3a548f4971cac205261ce121430963f98498ac3ff59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435665257.jpg?k=05cc5fb0e92c0e0ec1c617b5d3055454501d18cf47d17b1f1cd3f431e0f55b3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466424135.jpg?k=da3fc9bb19612bb0eda440b16aecec9675f7c748737a761a3763691ac17ed5d8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (16 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylberi Bar Restorant 30 m"\n  - "Peshku Eger Xhikja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 30 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 13 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 27 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nataliia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Дуже сподобалось проживання, квартира стильна, сучасна, простора, схожа на готельний номер”"\n  - name: "Drena"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“everything was perfect. The host lady was so friendly and kind. The apartment is very private and isolated so you can enjoy your time off without having many people around.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-qerret-golem1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned 50 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, guests have the unique opportunity to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the area, with the added benefit of returning to a secluded beachfront retreat. The inclusion of free private parking and exclusive access to a private beach area further elevates the appeal of this property, making it a coveted spot for those in pursuit of both adventure and tranquility.

The apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The presence of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the provision of a modern bathroom, complete with shower, towels, and bed linen, adds a touch of home comfort. Notably, the apartment's commitment to a non-smoking and soundproof environment guarantees a peaceful and healthy stay for all guests.

For those intrigued by the local history and culture, the Durres Amphitheatre and the House of Leaves museum lie within accessible distances, offering enriching day trip options. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha present themselves as intriguing landmarks for those keen to delve deeper into the region's heritage.

Conveniently located just 44 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Apartment in Qerret stands out as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration, promising an unforgettable experience for those who choose to stay.