---\ntitle: "Apartments Gentian Oruci"\ndescription: "Apartments Gentian Oruci emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999016.jpg?k=de85a3adeac757df818b49ef36c80f32cfbb1bfc2b5374b2b893e07579c13959&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-gentian-oruci\naddress: "SH81, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77255298\n  lng: 20.00749183\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999016.jpg?k=de85a3adeac757df818b49ef36c80f32cfbb1bfc2b5374b2b893e07579c13959&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999113.jpg?k=38576eea217a485d3f724bf0291c32da0e315ae863ba6a7e9ec666a2127bacc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999077.jpg?k=f58a95360a682254f24532f0d129dfe431e8b149fe1b1e7a879906d653600953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999141.jpg?k=194ea3651a86361caa9f267956bcbfe77a0aa7724c8e0a39ae1d0deecbb4e2dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999085.jpg?k=479391288d4f7638630cd681a84b20b47226ee627c9d35660420153c623b4f7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999116.jpg?k=3cb0c162ce42bb3716aa1710740b3838351cc237532d47cd8969a5ef8c6ee9bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999106.jpg?k=37ba1df66fd08e2154dc8825245e6fc3164ede689a570a51fb81bfbd5b6b1cdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446225773.jpg?k=ffb4e07df3213b6bae7066828e546673982709e177395fb68b0675c1e61f6db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447998855.jpg?k=2a58fe1d7a38ca4cde1305f165925f77dcb318500c59d3ea1e018fe52934c224&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anja"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The owner is very nice. She is ready to help with everything. The apartment has private parking behind a locked door. Kitchen is nicely equipped and there is a working AC in the apartment. You can eat outside on the terrace where you can further...”"\n  - name: "Janov"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Apartman was very clean and comfortable. Near the walking area, markets and restaurants.
In apartman you have all you need for your vacation, dishes, towels, bed sheets, toilet paper, wifi...”"\n  - name: "Eacan"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Great host, and room was excellent. Had full amenities and very clean and tidy. Also gated area for car parking.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-gentian-oruci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Gentian Oruci is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of families and groups, featuring a balcony that opens up to captivating city views. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and dining area, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The living spaces are adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, while the private bathrooms are equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Additionally, every unit boasts a patio with an outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals under the sky.

The property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it invites guests to unwind in its serene garden, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. For those looking to explore the rich history of the area, Butrint National Park is just 3.2 km away, making for an easy day trip.

For international travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km away, adds to the appeal of Apartments Gentian Oruci, making it a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration.