---\ntitle: "Apartament in center Tirane"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Apartament in center Tirane, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680577.jpg?k=57eb3042241ef4db8aa9059b01f398800eca0686ce2173b3aa19748bcdf2d4bb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartament-in-center-tirane\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32753689\n  lng: 19.81546894\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680577.jpg?k=57eb3042241ef4db8aa9059b01f398800eca0686ce2173b3aa19748bcdf2d4bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479699452.jpg?k=8a89e61b971b869cd9c7964f971cb4fc50b1dd0a3795e38deeb2d1048f8dda0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680620.jpg?k=d11334781cc785f8ed684bc2fedc0e057055eda53074630523a867f48a100f0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680628.jpg?k=c1e1b0e85938013ae639f9a4f4d5d23a45aaea4903b1eedb1161b462455a724f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680629.jpg?k=03a9b4e7f811a1f2cf388c448c92821e2847fd5a07ac2af14814d1baf965cb38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680619.jpg?k=7e35cf650a22f9e6491189e2b0c1c77d7a59bd821b3ae2cb29241416182ff41c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680627.jpg?k=89ce6ea9f013012fd16e32c9e53ab3bbc6cbedb48680512cdc0d9edd659c23de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680635.jpg?k=33a613a489a521928575cb91db003ddf158e42a2b363c8277e2dc0a280a10cf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469680622.jpg?k=415076f15fc95a1a5879422f5bd8774cb2ad4bed88833c570e4267b3e3d9fb4a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Good free WiFi (16 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "CR7=AM7 50 m"\n  - "Ideal 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "May"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great location close to Skanderberg square. I especially liked the balcony overlooking a little square with playground and cafe.”"\n  - name: "Silke"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very big, clean and comfortable appartement with a great locaton right in the city centre of Tirana. The bathroom is very luxury and there is also a nice balcony to sit. The owners are very friendly and responsive in case of questions. Great value...”"\n  - name: "Karacelep"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The house was comfortable and clean, and the host was very helpful with a smile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-in-center-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nApartament in center Tirane stands out for its strategic location, merely 700 meters from the historical Et'hem Bey Mosque and a short stroll from the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For those interested in Albania's history, the apartment is also conveniently close to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, allowing for a deep dive into the country's past.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a bedroom that promises restful nights. The living area is equipped with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. A fully equipped kitchen awaits those who prefer home-cooked meals, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and even a washing machine, ensuring all the comforts of home are at guests' fingertips. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds an extra layer of convenience to the stay.

For those keen to explore the local area, the apartment is within walking distance of several of Tirana's attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Apartament in center Tirane is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to cultural landmarks, all wrapped up in a non-smoking, welcoming environment.