---\ntitle: "Apartment Dejvi"\ndescription: "Apartment Dejvi stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, offering breathtaking sea views and the luxury of free WiFi and private parking, all within a mere 500 meters of Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189319650.jpg?k=35be4ece922c56e3aa034b380e0e47409d4d9f9913097215b982577cf974de3f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-dejvi\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima 1, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87504162\n  lng: 19.99095574\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 138\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189319650.jpg?k=35be4ece922c56e3aa034b380e0e47409d4d9f9913097215b982577cf974de3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189418900.jpg?k=44fa1a37dd2897fb849ab0d484c79866f3e084a7400caf4e58a6a5c3e6608db6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189607367.jpg?k=44714c7d972451cc88fb2b199bf5a74bb1236e43dfc372c5c0e84bcf78fe0386&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189418822.jpg?k=f870ee08ab4e8d82869dd7631c4989fe640220fc6e234ee74f68ace896623c16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189607294.jpg?k=9494d494d67ff8115d49c05b694c6ad5adb12b64a62efcdadba593e351e75659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189418693.jpg?k=ae302adbc17df13d8d01164b4461e1cf6cf497e4dac47ffcc4234ab2cbcdb105&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Erjoni 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 350 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 800 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cliff"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Booked last minute and they accommodated us with hospitality.”"\n  - name: "Rafał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A very neat and tidy room with a terrace, mosquito nets on the door and the window. Nice and helpful hosts. The beaches are within a few minutes' walk, there's a big, 24/7 store closeby.”"\n  - name: "Hansson"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The teracce with oceanview to Greece / Korfu!
The family helped us with every question we had, easy and fast to correspond with them.
They treated us like family! We travelled in Albania for 3 weeks to a lot of places but this was by far the best...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-dejvi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the unique benefit of a private entrance, setting the stage for a stay marked by exclusivity and privacy. The complex prides itself on its attentive 24-hour front desk service, ensuring all needs are met promptly, from private check-in and check-out to currency exchange services, adding an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience.

The accommodations at Apartment Dejvi are designed with comfort and functionality in mind. Each air-conditioned unit is well-equipped with essentials such as a wardrobe, coffee machine, fridge, stovetop, and safety deposit box, not to mention the added luxuries of a flat-screen TV, terrace, and a private bathroom complete with a bidet. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, alongside a patio featuring an outdoor dining area and serene garden views, ensuring a homely atmosphere.

For those who enjoy al fresco dining, the barbecue facilities and private balconies offer the perfect setting for a memorable meal under the stars. Alternatively, the well-appointed kitchens and dining areas within each apartment provide a cozy option for indoor dining.

The opportunity for relaxation continues with the beautifully maintained garden, inviting guests to unwind in a tranquil setting. The location of Apartment Dejvi is equally appealing, with Saranda Bay Beach less than 1 km away and Saranda City Beach just a short 1.7 km journey. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is located 98 km from the complex, making it a convenient base for exploring the wider region.

In summary, Apartment Dejvi emerges as a standout accommodation choice in Sarandë, perfectly blending modern amenities with the natural beauty of its surroundings to offer guests an unforgettable stay.