---\ntitle: "Apartment Angela"\ndescription: "Apartment Angela emerges as a serene retreat in Ksamil, positioned a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522267375.jpg?k=f2d86edd8cd048426ad1b5e4e9ad97361b9a72b11595300e495cc7dcc29a7fda&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-angela\naddress: "Rruga baba sherifi ksamil Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76949016\n  lng: 20.00728637\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 107\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522267375.jpg?k=f2d86edd8cd048426ad1b5e4e9ad97361b9a72b11595300e495cc7dcc29a7fda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498237084.jpg?k=ec3ac44730a22b060616be341225537ead779f8d3b27f53c25df5c2c68ca61b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498236046.jpg?k=a4bd7e64749e704ca566d7cddf3e38e5540dae716f0d1f9a3cf6273f41c64a60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498235216.jpg?k=47d229e60ab1695387abbe5e85dc8288f16d1ca3c47d826d7a739a73173a37a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522267518.jpg?k=6f5a01d3cd4bfe676f2097165d2ebad3c90fe54e0b49cd0b39a0e963afadacec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498233876.jpg?k=f80684bca77cb768f5a676baf416b00b199cb87de06e219a95563eb3b7f0278a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498513840.jpg?k=f5fa09be88bf08727982c01bb72efbb03b0d0c516ac7b14408d65c50c6c020a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498237974.jpg?k=12c78b3751ac60b86fd0ecb84f18571467b75559aafdb69f918f3ea3cc0cea40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522267295.jpg?k=85e339de677a86f7241457a9cfe0c8bbe1b5bded9b4cae4da7d62349c8cb8c78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 200 m"\n  - "Fish Shop Butrint 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alicja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment was super clean, what I liked very much. Fast wifi, supportive staff, warm water.”"\n  - name: "Nikola1980"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Nice place and owners. Own kitchen, bathroom and terrace.”"\n  - name: "Colin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely little apartment with its own private terrace. Very clean and a comfortable bed. It has all you need to self cater but you are very near the main street with lots of inexpensive restaurants.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-angela.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility, featuring air-conditioned spaces that include a bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels. The dining space flows seamlessly into a fully equipped kitchen, while the terrace invites guests to unwind with its captivating sea views. The balcony, adorned with outdoor furniture, presents an idyllic setting for soaking in the lake vistas, ensuring privacy with its own entrance and the assurance of full-day security.

For those seeking to make the most of the sunny weather, Apartment Angela provides barbecue facilities perfect for an alfresco dining experience. The locale is a haven for cycling and fishing enthusiasts, with the added convenience of car hire services directly from the apartment. Families will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, and the garden offers a peaceful escape for relaxation.

Strategically located, the apartment is just a short distance from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach and the rich historical tapestry of Butrint National Park, making it an ideal base for explorers. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is within reach, located 93 km away, ensuring Apartment Angela is both accessible and a perfect starting point for an unforgettable stay in Ksamil.