---\ntitle: "Apartment Plaisir"\ndescription: "Apartment Plaisir stands as a prime beachfront destination in Pogradec, offering a seamless blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an unforgettable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161902619.jpg?k=c21f11326c127cd9e256c06345e250633de0a9a78486acba7f1feaafe4891428&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-plaisir\naddress: "Rruga 10 Deshmoret e Pojskes, 7300 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90197881\n  lng: 20.66198677\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 299\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161902619.jpg?k=c21f11326c127cd9e256c06345e250633de0a9a78486acba7f1feaafe4891428&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71515112.jpg?k=3d01ae350bb00452a8658638442530943f54da6a1f5e64653f6c343a1bd83c2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105487835.jpg?k=a4239db323d97b4393cadca530e861c65bf67c8b115f83d4f0918180903a6d6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36924172.jpg?k=cb87a3f0eb18231383c7e2df89f1e9012daff41c9ccfb73a93e1c8fde812c989&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370682778.jpg?k=85e5ea12385c6e392e05d820e3d8a35bbd0bacb44eb1e94217adfbdf51aa8c55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106177879.jpg?k=4f78a40c188f46f2755043746a1d0776bbc24e2d7f94e583eadf3f97ec363cb0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Lake View"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Apartment with Lake View"\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casabar 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Ndona 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 700 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Perfectly clean. Huge sized apartment with an even bigger terrace to admire lake view from. Comfortable bed - also with the lake view!
Private parking place in the street right in front of the apartment.
The friendly hosts communicate well and in...”"\n  - name: "Dayle"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location, lovely hosts, very helpful and knowledgeable on the local area. Highly recommend here to stay.”"\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything is just perfect, including stuff, ambient, cleanliness and location. Would recommend to anyone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamente-plaisir.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Apartment Plaisir are greeted with a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each unit boasts a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV for personal entertainment, alongside a private bathroom equipped with a shower and complimentary slippers to ensure a comfortable and luxurious stay. The convenience of free WiFi is available throughout, with select rooms featuring a terrace for those who appreciate the beauty of outdoor relaxation. Air conditioning and a desk in every unit underscore the apartment complex's commitment to providing a stay that is both comfortable and conducive to any work needs guests might have.

For those looking to explore the area or simply enjoy a leisurely ride, a bicycle rental service is readily available, adding a touch of adventure to the stay. Additionally, the convenience of airport transfers ensures a hassle-free journey to and from the property, making travel arrangements smoother for guests.

Situated 39 km from both the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid, and with Ohrid Airport only 45 km away, Apartment Plaisir serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the region. Whether it's the allure of the lake, the historical sites, or simply the desire for a peaceful retreat by the beach, Apartment Plaisir caters to a wide range of interests and needs, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.