---\ntitle: "Apartments Luis"\ndescription: "Apartments Luis emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151010816.jpg?k=9358d6baade50946ae3d60abb8cd84395755253754e72efa911d198e275251a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-luis\naddress: "rruga butrinti, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76651562\n  lng: 20.00176253\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 76\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151010816.jpg?k=9358d6baade50946ae3d60abb8cd84395755253754e72efa911d198e275251a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150393657.jpg?k=3094264e07a319ccc3de8ea2f8d431397d10cf5a3b3fb18663442c926ade1d03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346918514.jpg?k=46e89e4e13f0787d77754e2e68dddeb65cf5137acdf537cb7591e8dcfaebf191&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150391160.jpg?k=f7f4539ad78eb6e1c4f3adcf91e56f944ec05fa2102cad178b50ec6b59c0c9b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346918532.jpg?k=14da5854b1d90969aad47fc624f35715c7d17b2dd6d7e57bfc7b880560fa0786&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346918546.jpg?k=78e0a464df4af23e2e303ce2646594eb4852376ad72253d0758fcbaeb67a8920&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346918503.jpg?k=9c8e836a4e6efc3809584dc21528ce98e5050ca211783a81b69420ed529a1306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346918542.jpg?k=ee572791c348469681c1fddb0b3744c05e3c5ddd38ed452835888613af2ded5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263942807.jpg?k=f1174b748afb27ba9233f688cb228fcf3ac11d8e6523ccea1a55c4f7653beddb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 20 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ermest"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is very good,close to the beach.
Big apartment,parking space .
Also they let us check out a bit later,it was very nice .”"\n  - name: "Luca"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The owner and staff were very kind and helpful. They could help us immediately. The apartments were correct, just like on the photos.”"\n  - name: "16"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was great. Very big and clean apartment. Large balcony, the host was very polite and kind. We liked Everything. Very close to the beaches, 10 min walking.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-luis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Apartments Luis is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a private entrance that ensures a seamless and personalized stay. The interiors boast a modern aesthetic, equipped with air conditioning for those warm summer days, complimentary private parking, and access to free WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and comfortable throughout their visit.

The living spaces are thoughtfully appointed, with each unit housing a balcony that presents an urban view, a fully equipped kitchenette complete with a fridge for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment and convenience are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine, while the private bathroom with a shower adds an extra layer of privacy. To enhance the homely feel, the apartments are also furnished with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those with an adventurous spirit, Apartments Luis offers proximity to a variety of activities, with windsurfing being a popular choice among guests eager to explore the vibrant marine life of Ksamil. Additionally, the property is conveniently located less than 1 km from Bora Bora Beach and a mere 2.6 km from the historical Butrint National Park, making it an ideal base for guests looking to immerse themselves in the natural and cultural wonders of the region.

With Corfu International Airport 92 km away, Apartments Luis stands as a gateway for international travelers to discover the enchanting allure of Ksamil, making it a top recommendation for those in search of a memorable stay in one of Albania's most picturesque locales.