---\ntitle: "Apartment Kune,Shëngjin"\ndescription: "Apartment Kune, Shëngjin, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the Albanian coast."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371122872.jpg?k=85861c93617008106bec25f731b0b5a1454edf436841d48fbae3a2346db0b731&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-kune-sh-ngjin\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune 2nd floor, Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.7944468\n  lng: 19.60251655\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371122872.jpg?k=85861c93617008106bec25f731b0b5a1454edf436841d48fbae3a2346db0b731&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447429333.jpg?k=c65479eef2dac10fa87b4f75b9458f267a47304b9de5e3ca2fcc7ba7e7f10f9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371122837.jpg?k=7b9dd7ac35e2dacb65646bcdad8d2e3c5a8fb7e24d15ae3e9b5c19fd54237460&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447429916.jpg?k=4bab990c39a03dcefa9b94b52558444097cd5a35bc09e23c443bb909b56c736e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371122801.jpg?k=1f72f8652de063ea8fd6b2acdc56f5cf2c698b92ef26d0d0780e46c6dbd35c9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447467200.jpg?k=3348761e5913ebcfad416036e27dbc728b60fb66efbcc7f3b0366c688e629971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447428438.jpg?k=d1682d7877337d3835f6d95b7443c1b7b3f1de8c0b17f6318516323477ed1537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447428041.jpg?k=6e37c9b5d1152fd71e78f574273103e2a01787046f51dc15deb7991c2d6275a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371122864.jpg?k=30d2f68aba9a6cac82d09cac147a4b7e82342023766cb0cf48a6e89b3d862c15&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Restorant Molla 50 m"\n  - "Soleil 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 40 m"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 600 m"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 42 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bartek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Dostaliśmy najwyższe piętro. Dużo miejsca i bardzo przestronnie w mieszkaniu. Łazienka, aneks kuchenny w salonie, dwa pokoje, korytarz, ogółem rewelacja!! Czysto , blisko centrum i plaży, klimatyzacja sprawna, bardzo (!) mili właściciele. Naprawdę...”"\n  - name: "Rukavica"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Velmi příjemná hostitelka a vysoká úroveň ubytování. Velkolepý prostor. Velmi blízká pláž.”"\n  - name: "Komorowski"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr hilfreiche und herzliche Vermiet6
Besonders für Hundehalter empfehlen”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-kune-shengjin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nLocated in the heart of Shëngjin, this property stands out for its easy access to the pristine Laguna Park Beach, just 3 km away, and the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, situated 41 km from the premises, making it an ideal spot for both relaxation and exploration.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a terrace that invites guests to unwind with the ocean as their backdrop. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances including an oven and a toaster, and a bathroom with a bidet, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available.

Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the property's garden and outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals al fresco while soaking in the surrounding natural beauty. 

Just a stone's throw away, Ylberi Beach offers an intimate beach experience, while the more bustling Shëngjin Beach is a mere 600 meters away, catering to guests' desires for both tranquility and adventure. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 48 km from Apartment Kune, Shëngjin, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Apartment Kune, Shëngjin, stands as a testament to the allure of the Albanian Riviera, offering guests a unique blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience.