---\ntitle: "Apartments Serxhio"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Saranda with a stay at Apartments Serxhio, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps from the beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/18295445.jpg?k=a000fcec574069a207a9ac1ade1c515768106aeab1cf9fef7d103c4e7c35eeb7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-serxhio\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frasheri, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8719354\n  lng: 20.01395971\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 309\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/18295445.jpg?k=a000fcec574069a207a9ac1ade1c515768106aeab1cf9fef7d103c4e7c35eeb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/326336587.jpg?k=88a9355d24f8d665fd8ff9ae3cef76e25d76dbb467e059f43351907a93db81d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328253626.jpg?k=2a557ebd0bcfe0cf2a720c9563de37cde1f089319dcf00a8833789feced50e60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328253648.jpg?k=294e37f154f80222530142336ac83b85aa1840fe6b67ddb61efe72d729c278f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328269525.jpg?k=765a19f0febdf02b2b4e70c4ad35425eb0901a62b6a0ba3294aa18ce0bb6710d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328253565.jpg?k=91117c4f2a0a4e8f2d4dc1f5dd7706b01c226ab9e0272ca45c8572a46ec819a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327194326.jpg?k=9ffb178fb181f408d0f33388b8a592155dcbae9a92971588f876b1ca40e33c2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328404431.jpg?k=807ed4a503be43f9d58a3cbea3a9aad2906a90ef75c624b697345a8aef6f7f32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327193918.jpg?k=4c3c8efe764636c9033d2dae2bfce7d78d37d9be2b00ff92bb4cf3d29d734821&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Moma Cafè 20 m"\n  - "Delfini-Tetova 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 20 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alison"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“the flat is very big and comfy. large wrap around balcony. good view of the town and sea. close to the harbour and lots of restaurants. we were allowed to check in early which was much appreciated. parking is a must is Sarande so this was a plus.”"\n  - name: "Kat"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The location is fantastic, opposite the beach and close to shops and restaurants. The staff were extremely helpful and always very fast in communicating with us.
Very clean and large room. Undercover carpark was also available”"\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Really big apartment in a wonderful location just steps away from the boulevard. We read some reviews about the lift not working, it worked perfectly when we were there so maybe that's old info. The parking is a bit cramped, but definitely...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-serxhio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned apartment at Serxhio boasts a thoughtfully furnished balcony, where guests can unwind and soak in breathtaking views of the beach and the azure sea beyond. The promise of free Wi-Fi and on-site parking adds to the allure, ensuring a hassle-free experience from start to finish.

Accommodations are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy dining area, and a living space complete with two sofas and satellite TV for those moments of relaxation. The convenience of an en-suite bathroom with a shower is standard in every apartment, ensuring privacy and comfort.

For those looking to explore local flavors, a variety of restaurants are conveniently located nearby, offering a taste of traditional Albanian cuisine alongside international favorites. Additionally, the proximity to local agencies means that arranging excursions to the historic Butrint Park is a breeze, offering a glimpse into the region's rich heritage.

Transportation is readily available, with a local bus stop directly adjacent to the apartments and a bus station just 300 meters away. For those venturing further, the port, offering lines to Corfu and its international airport, is a mere 550 meters from Apartments Serxhio, making it an ideal base for both local exploration and beyond.

In summary, Apartments Serxhio stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of Saranda.