---\ntitle: "Apartment on the beach - Durrës2"\ndescription: "Apartment on the Beach - Durrës2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the stunning shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507381.jpg?k=b9b5a4ea3af72f9bd7179241a702800723ef3859ee79954d2e0d132b68f1db08&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-on-the-beach-durr-s2\naddress: "55 Rruga Venecia apt. 2, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30381655\n  lng: 19.49227256\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507381.jpg?k=b9b5a4ea3af72f9bd7179241a702800723ef3859ee79954d2e0d132b68f1db08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365508885.jpg?k=7c09c591a8fe8d70cb35276deb37c31fb5b9135302a109973891bf3f6a0f5136&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365509090.jpg?k=16e4d6e747500caf22a947378c2b932f71af625dbd2b17ebdba224b61d551c02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507707.jpg?k=f740f0b098d786107a4eb64614e348465d1dd1b21eb4015bc03f2b3cda8fc044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365508526.jpg?k=a7bc87238ed7953877d99987480d5291df595afebe6571c54f9023cd1e7e0920&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507464.jpg?k=57ce31f03775650f5d9aede2272b238609266edccee4b1db02d55bf15e197501&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507212.jpg?k=b3160b4d7e93ac3fe7de6bee1d373adb9d37e7234a0f867b58044c06c1dfe537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365507260.jpg?k=4877f4f263c878eda80b6305a3815f2842963cc9b1b85982ce6ee58e76cab646&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358387934.jpg?k=9b940b109c59bd244627d72100cf40baf82ef12e4b48574ba5644335cf57e26e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Puerto Del Sol 50 m"\n  - "Fast Food Henry 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Svetlana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Дуже зручне розташування, пляж і море перед будинком. Зручне ліжко, на балконі маркізи, що прикривають від зайвої спеки.Дуже зручні меблі в кімнаті, великі шафи для речей.”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wspaniałe miejsce do wypoczynku, przy deptaku i plaży.”"\n  - name: "Erzsi"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Tiszta,tágas,jól felszerelt apartman. Csodás kilátás a tengerre. Minden üzlet könnyen elérhető. Nagyon barátságos és segítőkész emberek.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-on-the-beach-durres2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh stay for all guests. It's also conveniently situated 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an easy gateway to one of the area's top attractions.

Following a recent renovation, the apartment welcomes guests with modern amenities and thoughtful touches. It features a cozy bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchenette. The kitchenette is ready for any culinary challenge, complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those interested in exploring the local culture and history, the Rock of Kavaje is just 4.5 km away, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is accessible at 39 km from the apartment. Travelers looking to explore beyond the city limits will find Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 33 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for easy transfers.

Apartment on the Beach - Durrës2 represents an ideal spot for guests aiming to immerse themselves in the beauty of Durrës while enjoying the comforts of a home-like setting. Whether it's soaking up the sun on the beach, exploring local landmarks, or simply relaxing in a well-appointed apartment, this property promises a memorable stay for all who visit.