---\ntitle: "Apartment in Durres Elio"\ndescription: "Apartment in Durres Elio stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the Albanian coastline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484870947.jpg?k=a2af890b306b25595a3b3e7f59a323c604714d497fe7ccf312cf75af28939d46&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-durres-elio\naddress: "Mali i robit, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2358454\n  lng: 19.5157206\nprice: "US$162"\npriceFrom: 162\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484870947.jpg?k=a2af890b306b25595a3b3e7f59a323c604714d497fe7ccf312cf75af28939d46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567777.jpg?k=7cdc3bf1110f4c44010b958a49696b3df01f33bab3c9a556aeab9ab543a953e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567808.jpg?k=d6c3347f4dbf9b41c714d846df22cafb287c394d2a4bc76fe7a3e78a0a7b27d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484871072.jpg?k=3d669945455dca6601ce8f3284d5a24360f39ff2f68faa9bf914984d633e6c45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567805.jpg?k=1b8cf75a26cc4bbdcef355a6144dc1aafcc8278e22970070c51c76933e5ae182&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567781.jpg?k=1744c68e327eb8cc27454551b5d2a53b2e7f49166e769a437875e214d78341d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567831.jpg?k=bed2e3042cd1f28ef99374a2b4ba523590cd3e5cb5691ceb3cdb9ec5026764d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567813.jpg?k=4f77c560d959c377f6ade27339346f8f4c0a436baf1ab58bb5b80addbe02a341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419567820.jpg?k=25286e53fb1fd9b89ac4432d47aaab5b243094b25fad19fe6470ed678b8d9799&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Berti Golem 20 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Riaz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice apartment, clean and just steps away from beach. We really enjoyed our stay though it was really quite as winter. The host was a nice guy. Have a plan to go in future again”"\n  - name: "Hoxha"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing Apartament with great sea view .The host was also extremely friendly, with great communication. The images on Booking.com are very accurate!Very clean apartament .100% recommended if you have children.”"\n  - name: "Calin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Locatie excelenta, gazda primitoare, conditii si facilitati foarte bune. Apartament foarte mare si foarte curat (este mult mai frumos decat in poze). Recomand.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-durres-elio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis spacious apartment is designed to accommodate the modern traveler's every need. It boasts three well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of sun and sea. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, adding a touch of home comfort to their stay. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are provided, and guests can enjoy views of the pool, adding an extra layer of relaxation to their vacation.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises means everything is within easy reach. While the allure of the beach is undeniable, guests also have the opportunity to explore further afield. Skanderbeg Square, the heart of Tirana's cultural and historical landscape, is 48 km away, offering a day trip option for those inclined to immerse themselves in local heritage. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 6.2 km from the apartment, presents a unique natural attraction.

Situated 42 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Apartment in Durres Elio is not only accessible but promises a stay that combines the tranquility of beachfront living with the convenience of modern amenities, making it an ideal choice for those looking to experience the best of Albania's coastal charm.