---\ntitle: "Apartment Escape"\ndescription: "Apartment Escape in Durrës emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, right on the doorstep of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831093.jpg?k=281f8f7edc493c09a65e8c87e91aeccfebf00b77b2aeae798d912e31a12bcf29&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-escape\naddress: "Shetitorja e Plazhit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30407828\n  lng: 19.49213907\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831093.jpg?k=281f8f7edc493c09a65e8c87e91aeccfebf00b77b2aeae798d912e31a12bcf29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433832544.jpg?k=9ab0f2dbcd386456d1b6566bce751b539d05ef2e6d2ccfd568eab1863817ed82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831094.jpg?k=e5dca0847cb284744ef07031647dbb9eac297dcba8b8cea86e0082aaf37d7eb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831096.jpg?k=512199e2c4ba493286c9d98f2b3a80f7ed5dd16bda38b8f1985577bf536f3140&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433832581.jpg?k=3dc7ad1c1be66e63b8f9b57364a11cfcf5a3dbdb34cb115c018b6a8788bb81ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831098.jpg?k=7e05f978e18bc543ab0de4f7492792597c381e500871c0250ac86ddca42ff0cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433832536.jpg?k=e841c33d55d850a2bb9651de79b6c63b55d8df017fcef24097a7f978aaa14328&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433831083.jpg?k=20345e05f6bf18b601c59b7d5be336f4398acb46a5da2d4c22e12d20dcd6c38f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433832529.jpg?k=973f0036808b5e72ce7496146f275155bdcc1c07a9769a81ec7b6b188ac968ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Henry 50 m"\n  - "Puerto Del Sol 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tünde"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartment is nicely furnished, well equipped, with a beautiful view of the sea. Everything is nearby (restaurant, shop, bakery...)
The host is very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Niesamowity apartament z pięknym widokiem na plażę, deptak, port i przede wszystkim na morze. Słoneczny balkon wyposażony w markizy pozwala na pełny relaks. Jesli chcemy popływać w morzu, to wystarczy zjechać windą i przejść kilka metrów przez...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-escape.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and functionality, boasting an air-conditioned space that includes a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and kettle. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, alongside the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort. Moreover, visitors are treated to captivating sea views, adding a serene backdrop to their stay.

A notable feature of Apartment Escape is its adherence to a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. The property also provides the convenience of free WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected and share their experiences with ease.

For those keen to explore the surroundings, the Rock of Kavaje is located just 4.5 km away, offering an opportunity for an adventurous outing. Additionally, the apartment's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 39 km away, invites guests to delve into the region's rich history. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated 33 km from the property, making Apartment Escape an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Apartment Escape presents an inviting option for those in search of a beachfront haven that combines the comforts of home with the allure of Durrës's scenic beauty and cultural landmarks.