---\ntitle: "Apartament Raci"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Shëngjin from the comfort of Apartament Raci, a prime beachfront property that stands a mere 100 meters from the pristine sands of Shëngjin Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488016461.jpg?k=9dc7b55267667c80f7213bddd21b273f1c94e598443331a6de8b4ce5d49fe7ad&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartament-raci\naddress: "Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80344788\n  lng: 19.60169059\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488016461.jpg?k=9dc7b55267667c80f7213bddd21b273f1c94e598443331a6de8b4ce5d49fe7ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488014707.jpg?k=ed037b0fd74801ac31f4beccb65de442cd577028ef565d9bc698707584107c87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466094568.jpg?k=57877aa4f45cace0515813bb6b697787ebc30952aa02e9606b0b90898d964296&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484011362.jpg?k=339c787a012c972c0c9e7e2816f38881da3c81a66a5e67869a6455ff73c7f7b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490102856.jpg?k=29d56162e9bf02036c28c6bede0537ad45327ed2698222950fcc73a985277c57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484769282.jpg?k=6ab6755160ca82dc019142f644f3f28779c75b69d3a3c625545de964040bf941&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ara Shengjin 200 m"\n  - "Sea Zone 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 150 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 400 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 67 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dana"\n    country: "Lebanon"\n    text: "“The location, fact it's a new building and a brand new apartment with brand new furniture, very helpful host and went out of his way to make sure we had a nice stay to get over his language barrier”"\n  - name: "Nur"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The landlord was very helpful. The house and everything were so clean. It has a hairdryer and air conditioning. The transportation was easy, very close to the beach. We've been satisfied with everything. He let us out at 11:00 when we were...”"\n  - name: "Kaltrina"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. The owner super accommodating. He even offered his help for everything we needed, very available. The apartment was clean, everything is nearby, the beach close by, really beautiful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/afer-restaurant-leoni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Apartament Raci is designed to maximize the stunning sea views, with patios that invite guests to relax and soak in the serene atmosphere. Inside, guests are treated to modern amenities, including a cable flat-screen TV, a well-equipped kitchen for those who prefer to dine in, and a private bathroom with a shower. To stay connected, free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, with select rooms featuring the added luxury of a balcony.

Situated conveniently for explorers, Rozafa Castle Shkodra lies 42 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history, while the natural beauty of Lake Skadar is just 44 km from the doorstep. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest gateway, located 49 km from the apartment, making Apartament Raci an ideal choice for both leisure and adventure seekers looking to experience the best of Shëngjin.