---\ntitle: "Apartments PANORAMA"\ndescription: "Apartments PANORAMA emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404695329.jpg?k=dae331b8e9ba2e90f3d4ca241b85945964a6fef5b84acdd5ec44cc9a94d641cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-panorama\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia 13th floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31265763\n  lng: 19.43442054\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404695329.jpg?k=dae331b8e9ba2e90f3d4ca241b85945964a6fef5b84acdd5ec44cc9a94d641cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235357.jpg?k=1fa5a7392a72591ddf1ba8da3cae18a465c6bfb15c6875518a86e38b3188f130&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235353.jpg?k=42b8132370eb0e79e22f53612257483f9aaeea06c11dafe018a110019c111d82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404695331.jpg?k=b4cb77b6efbe55d069d066e14d1cbac4ca93c8c034179af91ba9942110b46716&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235333.jpg?k=77477352bb895bae6fff647cf41dcfd25dbbcf814c05386d8a8e1a8fdc6bf5c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235327.jpg?k=d7979eda2afab929b56c742f64fc028f683b7d6448b66b932a7482b0d3d28e3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235324.jpg?k=36ba24b49787cd683c4cca22e96be67eab6473d69d1970ed3a97f25f315208a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235343.jpg?k=2968194b2e2646ee8e3f1f4e454006c61577e27a99a1cad58c96ef145555c54d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235348.jpg?k=55b7dd27c6d6efc115b116cfca50035a3385e7349c46c13b3476f123e977358f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Garten - Durres 20 m"\n  - "Aragosta 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 650 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 700 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 900 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We loved the apartment, it was bright and airy , the bed was comfy , powerful shower , amazing view front and back . Lovely big balcony . Air conditioning in living room and bedroom. The staff were brilliant , communicating was 10/10 , always...”"\n  - name: "Anders"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Un très bon appartement, avec une jolie vue, des bons équipements. Bien situé dans le quartier le plus en vue. Équipe très réactive et accueillante.”"\n  - name: "Allan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment with beautiful ocean view in great location. It's well equipped even for a longer stay, it also has a washing machine. It is surrounded by many good restaurants and cafes, about 50 meters from the ocean. Probably the best place...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-panorama.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPositioned 42 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and within easy reach of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Apartments PANORAMA serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. Despite its proximity to various attractions, the property maintains a commitment to a smoke-free environment, located 2 km from the tranquil West End Beach.

Guests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a terrace, a cozy bedroom, a living room designed for relaxation, and a well-equipped kitchen that caters to culinary needs. For those looking to explore local dining options, a variety of restaurants are conveniently situated near the apartment.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, adding a historical dimension to their stay. For ease of travel, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 36 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless journey to and from the accommodation.

Apartments PANORAMA stands out as a distinguished option for guests desiring a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of cultural exploration during their visit to Durrës.