---\ntitle: "Apartments & Hotel Eleanna"\ndescription: "Apartments & Hotel Eleanna stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, with its stunning sea views and proximity to Flamingo Beach, just a mere 300 meters away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457138610.jpg?k=11ddff4b8d8c75d4a6d253a7ee6ec42af6d902b8b023a82865b2113dff89ac1c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-hotel-eleanna\naddress: "Rruga No: 75, Building 5, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85619192\n  lng: 20.02171399\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457138610.jpg?k=11ddff4b8d8c75d4a6d253a7ee6ec42af6d902b8b023a82865b2113dff89ac1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457209350.jpg?k=47e6799eb0814a94549f24d662fbe26cb345bb6214848c2f068bfda7dac1532e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457189084.jpg?k=b510ac1b7adcd9ad964d39900d9c83251833bb2b40829da65bc2ac5057c72cec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457189598.jpg?k=61a66ad8941dc52aaf0c9e93b98a02b8af9b3351cc78547d85e20b27af2ad5b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457188556.jpg?k=f96ef34aae2790ff89e4676ec5aefa197f065291011eb73ed60fa758ef1479b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457208195.jpg?k=f4f7b48a4fee96dac4c08bc79746adcb0a413319189ba13357955488b4a9d059&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457226794.jpg?k=43c1c92c4f576d3e47eefb87b1efc5271b60f9beadcf5d8164657e2830ad63f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457226816.jpg?k=cf6e00c526411dfce05bca37c6eb9ac9442ccab17e49074393b9c3dea1e8f3eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457226834.jpg?k=525de850c20b64d84dad96d1d99116cac6661b5fdfbfe75336244f5f6c6ce1d8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantastic 50 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 150 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 750 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Our stay at Hotel Elleana was delightful, even though we arrived late. The family welcomed us with free beers, traditional Albanian cheese, and even shared some homemade raki with us. The hotel has been completely renovated, and the rooms are...”"\n  - name: "Filip"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The family that owns Apartments & Hotel Eleanna is extremely friendly, supportive, and attentive to your needs. The room was always very clean and the breakfast was delicious. The beach is actually much closer than Google Maps shows, thus we only...”"\n  - name: "Severin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Anna was really welcoming, helpfull, dilligent and friendly! Made us feel like at home :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eleana-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its commitment to guest security and satisfaction, providing around-the-clock front desk service and full-day security. Accommodations at Eleanna are designed to cater to a variety of needs and preferences, featuring units equipped with cable TV, air conditioning, and a wardrobe. Select apartments elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, and a private bathroom that includes both a bidet and a hair dryer.

Morning delights await guests with a continental breakfast selection that includes pancakes, fresh fruits, and juice, ensuring a delightful start to the day. For those who enjoy outdoor activities, the apartment complex does not disappoint, offering a barbecue and a well-maintained garden for leisure and relaxation.

Located conveniently close to other popular beaches, Mango Beach and Santa Quaranta Beach are both within a 400-meter radius, making it easy for guests to explore the local coastline. For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, situated 97 km from the property, making Apartments & Hotel Eleanna an accessible and attractive option for both domestic and international visitors.