---\ntitle: "Aparthotel Shkodra"\ndescription: "Aparthotel Shkodra emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem, situated just 8km from the vibrant historical center of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295265879.jpg?k=f014b2cab2444e60116f16eb123724e02972508b2c68656063477d89354409ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aparthotel-shkodra\naddress: "Lagjja 13, Shkembi i Kavajes, Plazh Durrës, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26745284\n  lng: 19.51992363\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 313\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295265879.jpg?k=f014b2cab2444e60116f16eb123724e02972508b2c68656063477d89354409ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167685093.jpg?k=64cb25d6307d44594956b4ffdc248829069aea03f8b02e969643e94846db99bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167685065.jpg?k=2d28c3788ede31a994a6933bb74c960aff98909ae18e1e87ec2183ec6d96bfb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167685088.jpg?k=cee7bbfb96f8d93325871b0b2188ffc55200a8a01be34e73ada4217b6d4d6547&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167685167.jpg?k=757fd044984ac959a539a76555834ec1ef7783ca5750713c08602ccd7515da94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517915839.jpg?k=94f3d2e4c490885c30b8ea0c9a91135f2a9606e114c4be9a43c11103f5f902f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517915786.jpg?k=5e04d4e62e87e123a100be1c3c4327eb36a7daeb062289cf4b0b12959edfc039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517915645.jpg?k=a5c9f364af8dfc0618649a8b7d4eadac23f4db2615d7f000e83cb4f6de77cee6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517915509.jpg?k=91560d1fa1351f9e80caf0548961c882ed8889ffa47892c6c857b4fa95f781bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.2 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rita"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“We loved everything, the staff was amazing and easygoing, we could choose from many tasty meals, we absolutely loved the little cake at the end of the dinners.”"\n  - name: "Davidas"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Great location and the best host.
Big and clean apartament, good food, good prices and nice people.”"\n  - name: "Eduard"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Everything was ok.clean rooms,good food,good guests.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shkodra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Pet-Friendly Stays"\nbestCategories: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\ncategory: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into any of the air-conditioned apartments, guests are greeted with a homely ambiance, thanks to the thoughtful inclusion of a balcony, seating area with TV, and a cozy living room. The assurance of privacy and relaxation is further amplified by the provision of a private bathroom in each unit, equipped with either a bath or shower and bidet, catering to the personal preferences of guests.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Aparthotel Shkodra boasts an on-site bar, restaurant, and pizzeria, where guests can savor a mix of Albanian, Italian, and International cuisine. The promise of free WiFi throughout the property and complimentary private parking adds to the hassle-free experience, ensuring that guests can stay connected and come and go as they please.

The 24-hour front desk stands as a testament to the establishment's commitment to guest satisfaction, ready to assist at any hour of the day. For those looking to unwind, live music entertainment offers a delightful escape within the premises. Moreover, the convenience of having a grocery store just across the street cannot be overstated, allowing for easy access to essentials.

Situated a mere 45-minute drive from Tirana Airport and in close proximity to notable attractions such as the Port of Durres and Durres Amphitheatre, Aparthotel Shkodra serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich history and culture of the area.

In summary, Aparthotel Shkodra stands out as a welcoming haven for guests, offering a perfect mix of leisure and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for those venturing to Golem.