---\ntitle: "Apartments Mario"\ndescription: "Apartments Mario emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377878586.jpg?k=a7eb255ad35110ecfe6b2fe42d22c708bc586657240ea8808307a3d2896cc5e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-mario\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Tasini, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76641463\n  lng: 19.99886293\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 134\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377878586.jpg?k=a7eb255ad35110ecfe6b2fe42d22c708bc586657240ea8808307a3d2896cc5e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378349969.jpg?k=2241f1261e2dbb0f52ef9ffacec3c1bb723aee86801fdbde299db805b9587bdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455791574.jpg?k=04dfd85b802dbdf08fb09e72902e04a69e31e47a903079a0c213b954f43bd782&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378349953.jpg?k=1900fb941035c7f2a7e8c9156746d4a88933b724cef131cd63c6c676e7f7829d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377877983.jpg?k=29fdd21901a9c7e972f4aee7d4eb67c8212c406828beb54881158d1b14ae2972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411517994.jpg?k=99f6e9e632b64558c20e3051991b0ce6304f332229018980f4c264cd681f0937&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455791587.jpg?k=18f3bdbf5ab91771b39a35a6ca262e6fc07f792255cd268078c6e48c418d6045&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455791545.jpg?k=52edaa21246085a4203955c9a469487d19f0afb1005ecc80ab0c59378988afb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377877851.jpg?k=8a301e12ed8821817153f792705044347b5ac20a0365ca2e850db6f50980f86e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Traditional by Zace Studios 50 m"\n  - "Bar Pulbardha Beach Ksamil 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 150 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 350 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Henna"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Rooma was really clean and the hosts were friendly. Good breakfast and nice pool area”"\n  - name: "Tinkara"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“everything was new and clean! Location and staff were great. We liked the pool and our balcony. The bathroom was big and very nice - especially the shower was great!”"\n  - name: "Emil"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“The apartment was very cozy, clean and modern. We loved the little kitchen with the balcony. Staff was very helpful and the reception open 24/7. The pool is the perfect to relax and the apartment is located only a 5 minute walk to the beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-romario-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a selection of apartments, each equipped with a balcony that presents captivating city views. Inside, guests are treated to a modern living space that includes a cable flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a well-equipped kitchen, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The private bathrooms come complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of convenience. For those chillier evenings, the in-room fireplace provides a cozy retreat.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, guests can enjoy the seasonal outdoor swimming pool, set amidst a well-maintained garden, offering a perfect oasis for relaxation. The provision of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests’ needs are well catered to, from the moment of arrival.

For those looking to explore the local area, Apartments Mario is ideally situated. Paradise Beach is a mere 400 meters away, while Lori Beach is within a 600-meter distance, inviting guests to explore the natural beauty of the surroundings. Additionally, the property is located 92 km from Corfu International Airport, making it easily accessible for international travelers.

The on-site bar and the availability of sightseeing tours further enhance the guest experience, offering leisure and adventure in equal measure. Families visiting with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay for parents.

In summary, Apartments Mario presents a compelling option for those in search of a comfortable, convenient, and well-appointed base to explore the enchanting area of Ksamil.