---\ntitle: "Apartament in Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Apartament in Tirana, a spacious and serene retreat located conveniently close to the city's most iconic landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129191.jpg?k=7d12111eb3379082f9ab9938d4d0577005b5473756eb05bbb8fbf61a8da1340d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartament-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga 3 Deshmoret, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32515426\n  lng: 19.77444947\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129191.jpg?k=7d12111eb3379082f9ab9938d4d0577005b5473756eb05bbb8fbf61a8da1340d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129238.jpg?k=0e3e7ccb0a1e690fcdd1b579329a8bb1337aeb95c295ff804429d83983f9d7fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129244.jpg?k=9aa13a536666ad55e3ced001a275ab3624ce98de755ca711d2f9251da23e888b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129222.jpg?k=b3f024796147166494fd7a64fd502bc948800371370d6d32e64fe05f65660a72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129229.jpg?k=4d561940dc68e23e57b90169c1cb07a606183cb1cda4511b9cc75fa569f2a5be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129247.jpg?k=2a4990c9c0b9110831c9dd159b81aa2b76d23564bbeed3a9c867bcbed0794b94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129234.jpg?k=5e090130bc1963de87a628275064791211851d0d48bc6ea7d037039332d80598&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129223.jpg?k=c9e7543ba690a36ed3677acfb4bddaa292780a5cfbdc67cb12399a400c1cf4dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410129232.jpg?k=3f36b73d6e19e136202246f24cd77b51f904d275f70e49b1722e18d4a027b540&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Toffee 250 m"\n  - "Pizza Italia Yzb 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 900 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-in-tirana-tirana3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nApartament in Tirana stands out for its modern amenities and thoughtful design. Guests are treated to air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool respite from the city's hustle and bustle. The highlight of the apartment is undoubtedly its balcony, offering a private outdoor space to relax and soak in the local atmosphere. Complimentary WiFi ensures that guests stay connected, whether for leisure or work.

The apartment boasts a layout that is both practical and stylish, featuring a bedroom that invites restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a bathroom that provides all the essentials for a rejuvenating stay. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, making it easy for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

Strategically positioned, Apartament in Tirana is a gateway to the city's rich history and vibrant culture. It is a short distance from the Rock of Kavaje, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the local scene. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also nearby, offering a glimpse into Albania's past.

For those interested in the city's architectural marvels, Reja - The Cloud and the Clock Tower of Tirana are within easy reach, promising memorable photo opportunities and insights into the city's artistic heritage. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 kilometers away, adds to the convenience, making Apartament in Tirana an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, culture, and convenience in the heart of Tirana.