---\ntitle: "Apartment in center of Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of a centrally located apartment, a stone's throw away from the city's most captivating historical sites."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412037396.jpg?k=9418f746147cba73cdff22146ccc7c32257f4e15864edb394bdd5ef963801c73&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-center-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Vangjush Furxhi, pallati nr.8, shkalla 2, kati 5, ap.18, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32392845\n  lng: 19.81224705\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412037396.jpg?k=9418f746147cba73cdff22146ccc7c32257f4e15864edb394bdd5ef963801c73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/412037416.jpg?k=aa8e59da43e88cd295bdf521eacbc19b98ffd17cf173c0fa24f6e9234fb33f30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/412037446.jpg?k=e1948041119ee56a67780f9d6ec960ef637e8cd11d53a5051d6cec36a838444c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/412037422.jpg?k=72bd00aa20252195afb73b67747183ca8214901151a7ddba6329d190d3cbcea5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/412037431.jpg?k=0dbc88418bf87ff93d89d21e6d00d3c831f9f2665bf61e888756e15897936690&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/412037434.jpg?k=5d21bd740294c5c315efb62d6f22ef4ba7752d63ae9678562eed94767e3a968f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/412037441.jpg?k=88dd8b09145ae869242fdbc42795bc13d4543c60e45ff57a4469bcfde7d49bcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/412037451.jpg?k=f31ff72ab72de4f12edbd764aad72b263374ed83dc2ed0d1de76e202a49af333&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 40 m"\n  - "100 Shijet e Detit 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-center-of-tirana-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a modern, air-conditioned space with a bedroom that promises restful nights. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette allows for the easy preparation of meals, adding a touch of home. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, complementing the cozy living space. Emphasizing comfort, the entire apartment is a smoke-free environment, ensuring a pleasant stay for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay. The proximity to Skanderbeg Square, less than 1 km away, invites guests to immerse themselves in the vibrant heart of Tirana.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's closeness to significant landmarks such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves. For those seeking tranquility amidst the urban hustle, Rinia Park offers a serene escape, while the architectural beauty of Et'hem Bey Mosque and the innovative Reja - The Cloud installation are must-visits for art and history aficionados.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment ensures a hassle-free connection to and from the city, making it an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays. Apartment in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a perfect blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion for travelers eager to explore the vibrant life and history of Albania's capital.