---\ntitle: "Apartment at Bougainville Resort"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Sarandë with a stay at the Apartment at Bougainville Resort, a prime beachfront property that offers more than just a place to sleep."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428672344.jpg?k=fe21561814048105655fb0f279660afc656f16b02f525556868bc1b37603f4b8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-at-bougainville-resort\naddress: "9701 Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86368722\n  lng: 20.0181147\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428672344.jpg?k=fe21561814048105655fb0f279660afc656f16b02f525556868bc1b37603f4b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461817909.jpg?k=5719a983cd3fe698c9672dc24e9b23c9b1e04cc3b765149f8ab4899718619c2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461817887.jpg?k=6feed9e0d430121c7c049bc481a6e747e6b2dc4f49bebc3f2d8442a4c2a71796&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461817866.jpg?k=88546878917f1f85d4f189112bff542f09cd2131be0c1fe12dec76816ba4a25c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428674651.jpg?k=2bb0c6dc785429bd2b95259c460365ee641f13b698b62be29d131dbcd669f23a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461817893.jpg?k=28beada33b977a9872b72a1693b5213399e39cae7f71c5c75d457edf727ca303&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428674686.jpg?k=80938ba31068e754037fcaf08170922f810fa485d9542941f3df628b83b52de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461817890.jpg?k=92ba6ce4a7dcd8ab591390047623be7f144f4e07e1c00876925652ea563180d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428674655.jpg?k=f929018ff9b0b351887132ac9f2459e372501942d8eca21deaf4a1dcbcfaca00&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 40 m"\n  - "Nertili 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sofia"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“location is great ! the view of the flat is stunning !”"\n  - name: "Harri"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Asunnon sijainnin läheltä löytyy kaikkea, hyviä ravintoloita, kauppoja, kauneushoitoloita, partureita, kalastustarvikkeita ym. Kiva näkymä korfun suuntaan, oma ranta ja allas. Asunto oli tosi siisti. Keittiötarvikkeita riittävästi vaikka...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-at-bougainville-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers guests a glimpse into a serene lifestyle with its breathtaking mountain and pool views. The space is thoughtfully designed to ensure comfort and relaxation, featuring a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a balcony that presents stunning sea views. The inclusion of modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a microwave, and a bathroom with a bidet, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a resort. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience, while the seating area and fireplace invite guests to unwind in style.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the Apartment at Bougainville Resort is perfectly positioned just 14 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park, offering an easy gateway to one of Albania's most treasured natural and historical sites. Additionally, the property's non-smoking policy ensures a fresh and welcoming environment for all guests.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Ioannina Airport located 96 km away, making the apartment a feasible choice for both local and international travelers. Whether it's the allure of the beach, the comfort of the apartment, or the adventure that awaits in the surrounding areas, the Apartment at Bougainville Resort stands out as a top choice for those seeking an unforgettable Sarandë experience.