---\ntitle: "Apartments Wonderful bay"\ndescription: "Apartments Wonderful Bay, a gem within the Bougainville Bay Resort in Sarandë, stands out for its prime location just a stone's throw away from its private beach area."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47448146.jpg?k=0de0312f5be15052304648e2f549f3ec0c8e25eff2708de99049b8bf54bbda91&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-wonderful-bay\naddress: "Butrinti St. 1001, 1001 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8635031\n  lng: 20.01816273\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 79\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47448146.jpg?k=0de0312f5be15052304648e2f549f3ec0c8e25eff2708de99049b8bf54bbda91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465987186.jpg?k=671501a0a4b528112b64afc28e58c6b222ad021da295c6e5eabed6366a6bc372&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465987460.jpg?k=359d89e04aebaeac6da4bbf19309aeaeed12c2505d1df1d9dbd0da4b83286328&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465989163.jpg?k=79a0105e0884ac0f41c855fc6de4cf826337265a7c96c7b94df7dacb4c532171&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465989422.jpg?k=4d09ed7e8f02eace60d41704cf18c523d703de0f5226a422ed169d0a5c00c859&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465988019.jpg?k=b58490b60f664cebcff1f4fb92167fe303cfeb65f360fcf1351aa3eb1390f237&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190135915.jpg?k=000344f8b8119852951fdf09fc0688f1a64e74274e8f9eace23b85528d2e970c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465987699.jpg?k=8d9712547b6112c4b06e6467d8ccae034cbfe1649fe0f571a7568e1238052130&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465988809.jpg?k=73cde7b2126d141d84e36ed2d82327b63dfe385cab47e2295fd08626a0f85e12&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cataleya 50 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Teresa"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Wonderful place. The kitchen was fully equipped and the beds very comfortable.
We particularly liked the swimming pool with the bar. Spent so much time there and it made our holiday fantastic. Staff were nice.”"\n  - name: "Kristian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Clean,has all in home,nice staff, beautiful view from swimming pool,also parking place”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely welcome from 2 sisters one of whom led me to the reserved underground parking slot. They were very helpful and explained lift numbers to press [there are several lifts and numerous floors and wings in the complex] The apartment was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-in-bouginville-bay-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit at Apartments Wonderful Bay is designed with comfort and convenience in mind, featuring air conditioning, satellite TV, and a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea. The fully equipped kitchen in every unit adds a touch of home, while the bathrooms are well-appointed with either a bath or shower, complemented by a bidet, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For those looking to explore the local cuisine, a supermarket and a variety of restaurants are conveniently located within 100 meters of the property. These dining establishments offer a taste of traditional Albanian cuisine alongside international favorites. Moreover, Apartments Wonderful Bay goes the extra mile by organizing excursions to the enchanting Butrint National Park and the picturesque Ksamil Islands, providing guests with opportunities to create unforgettable memories.

Adding to the appeal, the property offers complimentary parking, making it an ideal choice for travelers arriving by car. Apartments Wonderful Bay is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and culture of Sarandë, making it a top pick for discerning travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and adventure.