---\ntitle: "Apartamente Gleni"\ndescription: "Apartamente Gleni emerges as a serene oasis in Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty with its garden and mountain views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863903.jpg?k=8b059adb15421e7dc7d373414d29c847b8d22f4b6f96704a810198385d8f4ada&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartamente-gleni\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti (SH81) Berdenesh, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.83983245\n  lng: 20.02261658\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 6.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863903.jpg?k=8b059adb15421e7dc7d373414d29c847b8d22f4b6f96704a810198385d8f4ada&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378864657.jpg?k=ec70cae485243e9031d03caa53843e0f9d0508285d94c3b9ac5c40489bd2137a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384218553.jpg?k=b7fc7933c16238332dd449671046e7da0a2bd265710733beb2233bcb59fffb8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863889.jpg?k=8358bab76b0a2e599c0f974361f982a7642e23c73729a7a434eaa8c701fa4db3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384218584.jpg?k=4cb3a7d894f2374c21a7c830908f85ad5623d8c2a77b51f450d6bb290b3dc637&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863900.jpg?k=4e86308058063915220bfcb9c8ba169c86654ba2bad17c0b9b08b44fdf7f8efb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863881.jpg?k=9c003779b5244554770c89bb0d46b4c9941f5353cd0aa041863658a1bb0f7f16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378863872.jpg?k=4cac5d2c8360d30492dafc7c53977ec2283d139ed1f11e76166242c92bfd9d2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384218545.jpg?k=032770541d5880e4a35bf5e7a2a18096b05b30ebe0ab167923043484bb1726fb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Traditional Country Grill 400 m"\n  - "Aliu 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Heaven Beach 900 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 27 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vladimir"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Hosts were extra frendly, one day it was raining and they brought us byrek. Bottom part of the house where we were was really big, and there was enogh room for everyone. Everything was nice and tidy. Bedrooms are comfortable and clean.”"\n  - name: "Patrizio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was very large, bright with a large balcony, air conditioning in the bedroom, kitchen-diner, two rooms and a bathroom. Washing machine and TV. Very kind staff, thoughtful and not intrusive at all. Educated, every day and every...”"\n  - name: "Alberto"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Large apartment with a very comfortable bed and a small private courtyard, ideal for one
fCar parking in Saranda.
We really liked the family management, having met some really kind and caring people.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamente-gleni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Apartamente Gleni are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each holiday home boasts a private entrance, ensuring guests' privacy and ease of access. The interiors are equipped with essential amenities including a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, creating a home away from home atmosphere. Select units further enhance the stay experience with a well-appointed kitchen, complete with an oven and kitchenware, perfect for those who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals.

The property doesn't just cater to indoor comforts; it invites guests to embrace the outdoor lifestyle with its barbecue facilities. Whether it's a family gathering or a quiet evening, the terrace provides a picturesque setting for memorable moments.

Situated a mere 2.2 km from Flamingo Beach and 2.8 km from VIP Beach, Apartamente Gleni serves as an ideal base for exploring the coastal delights of Sarandë. For travelers venturing from afar, Ioannina Airport is located 99 km away, making the property readily accessible for international and domestic visitors alike.

In summary, Apartamente Gleni represents a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it a compelling choice for those seeking a tranquil retreat by the sea.