---\ntitle: "Apartments Flower"\ndescription: "Apartments Flower emerges as a serene retreat, merely a stone's throw away from the vibrant Sarande Main Beach, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience with its air-conditioned accommodations that boast terraces and balconies for a breath of fresh air."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463894688.jpg?k=ef24ff98517ea6d184636a2eeac19498c18d6cd5357be9e8b4b68b259604603e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-flower\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87136978\n  lng: 19.99924383\nprice: "US$26"\npriceFrom: 26\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463894688.jpg?k=ef24ff98517ea6d184636a2eeac19498c18d6cd5357be9e8b4b68b259604603e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463894716.jpg?k=093e153088e45758eab0ac0f5950ae7c6d9bc7e5d1fa19d6a05944ec4c65cc03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463897138.jpg?k=00ad3aa80cd5083fde23689b086fb9e310a03b3d45a39c7b06c4841226911748&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479445931.jpg?k=3f417a4f2d2b2ad1b1d88560754b1c73b8a6226d057b009e978be76c851e1db2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463894711.jpg?k=96a6f40d37462396136951a1ff1d0e1de97c6ab9f503eb56f99e1e2413728f86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465402757.jpg?k=78bcf758edd643c7873a85c52cce53de932d486a192224924ed99f70757c95cc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Beach 100 m"\n  - "Friends 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vera"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect acommodation! Warm welcoming from the host. The location was excatly near the beach . Anything you needed around restaurants coffee or supermarket . The apartment was very clean. Recommended!!”"\n  - name: "Violeta"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Perfect location 150 metres from the beach . It was cozy and very clean . Eleftheria the host welcome us with warm and professional way . Recommended for sure till next year again !!!”"\n  - name: "Kateřina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The owner was very nice, and showed us the way to the appartment with a car personally. The appartment was very nice, clean, and we found everything we needed. The owner replied to our messages very fast each time, and whenever we needed...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-flower.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach unit is thoughtfully equipped with a private bathroom, complete with a shower and hair dryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. The added perk of complimentary WiFi allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures without a hitch.

For moments of tranquility, the garden at Apartments Flower offers a peaceful escape, inviting guests to unwind amidst nature's embrace.

Strategically located, the guest house is just 1.1 kilometers from the bustling Saranda City Beach and a short 1.9 kilometers from the quaint La Petite Beach, making it an ideal choice for those eager to soak up the sun and sea. For travelers venturing from afar, Ioannina Airport is located 97 kilometers away, making Apartments Flower an accessible haven for both local and international visitors seeking a memorable stay by the Albanian Riviera.