---\ntitle: "Apartment One Durres"\ndescription: "Apartment One Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939507.jpg?k=877bde4d194211f6c3c3424140af8c5b8764df3c4fcefcc3a353aca0fde053b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-one-durres\naddress: "Rruga Adria, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31854752\n  lng: 19.45401426\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939507.jpg?k=877bde4d194211f6c3c3424140af8c5b8764df3c4fcefcc3a353aca0fde053b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939531.jpg?k=7517e1be1fdfff6247e7a0e4ead501ced580775263cb5eb469859b869098929f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939486.jpg?k=ce656e97b9d357832fbea1ed6bb4200e0aa77a61f6cc6792672351e4872582f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939532.jpg?k=23c996a7d38870df2ff42561fd54f2e8abcff00c31a53af8b2787717a1305723&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529135047.jpg?k=8545ff5473921b842ef59eb912cd7af0ce0257cff346a3e31247be768ba632ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939502.jpg?k=0f7043e33866e080c5558823c6c7a4970ea3c3ddf6215fecc448a9f2eefcc3e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939521.jpg?k=d4ce7db0f045ae0a38237454090241b6b030d1a95b6b315cde4067c18f4e295a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527380175.jpg?k=ebede33b684baf61e866b4e1a8b66886bff21c4c58191307bc76308f820c4369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522939500.jpg?k=112b7e2765060064e74ddd01d6b0419bc9ecb830c62e735167f48256b20c3725&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fountain DGM 40 m"\n  - "Te Befte Mire te Selma 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 450 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 550 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 650 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Altin"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean everything sparkled and the location is unbeatable. Jist step away from Durres beach and main city attractions, Vollga, Amphitheater, Venedic Tower and Castle. Very pleasent place, the staff went above and beyond to...”"\n  - name: "Joan"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Recently we had the pleasure of staying at Durres One Apartment in Durrës, Albania, it was an exceptional experience, especially the daily trips to Kruja and Valona. These trips were directly arranged at the apartment, so opportune!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/durres-iliria-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Apartment One Durres are greeted with a suite of services designed to ensure a seamless stay. The property prides itself on its 24-hour front desk and concierge service, ensuring that guests' needs are promptly attended to at any hour. The addition of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises allows visitors to stay connected with ease.

The accommodation itself, a tastefully furnished 1-bedroom apartment, is equipped with modern comforts to cater to the discerning traveler. A living room boasting a flat-screen TV with streaming services invites guests to unwind, while a fully equipped kitchen provides the conveniences of home. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with slippers, towels, and bed linen, adds a touch of luxury to the stay. Notably, the apartment features a private entrance, offering guests an added layer of privacy.

For those looking to explore the local area, Apartment One Durres does not disappoint. The property facilitates sightseeing tours, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service and a bicycle rental service on-site encourages guests to venture out and explore the picturesque surroundings at their own pace. For convenience, a minimarket is located within the apartment complex, catering to guests' everyday needs.

Situated 38 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Apartment One Durres serves as an ideal base for exploring the wider region. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently 32 km away, making the property an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Apartment One Durres stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and service, making it a highly recommended option for those visiting Durrës.