---\ntitle: "Apartments Resul Pushi Ksamil"\ndescription: "Apartments Resul Pushi Ksamil emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Ksamil, boasting a prime location that is less than a kilometer from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9 and a mere 10-minute stroll from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469649969.jpg?k=8885b97a427df3a0ba2d8f829021cb965f379f2a670e21c23c5be4742d7d41b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-resul-pushi-ksamil\naddress: "Baba Sherifi Ksamil 62, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76937843\n  lng: 20.00767874\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469649969.jpg?k=8885b97a427df3a0ba2d8f829021cb965f379f2a670e21c23c5be4742d7d41b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442837842.jpg?k=211ee8864e89689d4a4037985927caf4fd94f4d8c9a19fac3190381c03468856&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442837502.jpg?k=bb3b4e853cdc41e049076973acc1b2cd9133b0c05b381fe8a992e5c4279640a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469650107.jpg?k=522e5b6d0571c6600229f4fdf176d086a6891b75f18b2058bf790bed1090e10c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469650037.jpg?k=f018f46ea547c5c9e6a90c76a5c6f2702f65b6a6a1a137c70ca3508b95a7a8f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431680275.jpg?k=1c5570d1644b075b7426c950dd8cf246eb77aeea5ccf505599c1dc32123ccfcb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 200 m"\n  - "Fish Shop Butrint 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eduart"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice, clean and quiet place.
Resul and his wife are very nice people.”"\n  - name: "Jorgo"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Householders were very nice and polite. The room was so clean. Breakfasts and dinners on the balcony are amazing because of the view of the whole city. We highly recommend this apartment! 😊”"\n  - name: "Stefano"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Tranquility and nice place at a good price.
Comfortable and functional apartment, very clean comfortable bed, balcony with table and chairs for breakfast and dinner quietly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-resul-pushi-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to accommodations that blend comfort with convenience, each unit presenting a private balcony that frames the majestic mountain scenery. The interiors are thoughtfully designed, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with flat-screen TVs, dining areas, and well-appointed kitchens. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where guests can enjoy the luxury of bidets, slippers, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable.

The allure of Apartments Resul Pushi Ksamil is not just in its cozy accommodations but also in its array of amenities. Visitors benefit from the convenience of free private parking and the connectivity of complimentary WiFi, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers. The added perk of all units having their own private entrance adds a layer of privacy and exclusivity to the guest experience.

For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is a mere 2.9 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and biodiversity of the region. Moreover, the property's proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km away, makes it a convenient gateway for international travelers seeking the enchanting beauty of Ksamil.

In summary, Apartments Resul Pushi Ksamil stands out as a delightful haven for those seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a top choice for visitors to this enchanting part of the world.