---\ntitle: "Apartment Barden"\ndescription: "Apartment Barden emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Vlorë, boasting breathtaking mountain views and a prime location just a stone's throw away from Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495492.jpg?k=780751a8a5c2408aa0e71f22e46e883eda6737f0ce6e8f905ef7ec9a90bb04de&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-barden\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Ali Merka, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45015337\n  lng: 19.49106336\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495492.jpg?k=780751a8a5c2408aa0e71f22e46e883eda6737f0ce6e8f905ef7ec9a90bb04de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470721194.jpg?k=130975f71b622df89296c5a770ac2192f2de6abeb8eaa7f047c896da696b8bec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495724.jpg?k=f605627ed27d63287b3026b5c24ee7c20a19c28f969bf11b87d132ab39d3072c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495721.jpg?k=2ad7a7b84cc294c6264d3cfd80512c2c361268ce0baaaa41fde86f3111363092&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384913971.jpg?k=d7cf3f1003d04c8d427ed6a45eadfc5c11071007f85958689e95ea5f74463ab7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384915987.jpg?k=52ee788461a1d0230bb45a7cecbfa5c9f2ba5202e5937f79841ec9b2a0cefcb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495734.jpg?k=dc5ab42f57ef1ce75bfdffe12e9d6a0f4c38567ffef1f0559cb2118d2e9425bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366495732.jpg?k=07584cb222d6cfd5042513932b9465adbc62fe90e51a7d632350a5bb2767f822&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470721660.jpg?k=872eaba4e5cc14a93967f315be7e3908427d88544282a424a2ca2bfce321de67&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Hallall Kleo 50 m"\n  - "Carraro 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mário"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The hosts were extremely kind and helpful! The apartment is enough for 4 people and we had no problem parking the car in front of the building. We highly recommend checking the views from the roof!”"\n  - name: "Ettore"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Risposte veloci e disponibilità della proprietaria. L'appartamento si trova in una posizione ottima proprio sul lungomare di Valona direttamente a ridosso dei locali. Parcheggio abbastanza semplice da trovare visto che ci sono anche due parcheggi...”"\n  - name: "Eleonora"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottimo ampio monolocale con arredi nuovi e dotato di tutti i comfort (presenti addirittura ferro da stiro,phon e piastra per capelli). Posizione centralissima, direttamente sulla passeggiata del lungo mare. I proprietari, due persone gentilissime...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/barden.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment, and a dining area for intimate meals. The kitchen comes fully equipped, including an oven, catering to guests' every culinary need. The inclusion of a cozy living room, complete with plush furnishings, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided.

One of the highlights of Apartment Barden is its outdoor dining area, allowing guests to enjoy their meals al fresco against the backdrop of the stunning surroundings. Despite being a non-smoking property, it ensures all guests enjoy a clean and fresh environment.

Situated just a short drive from notable landmarks such as Independence Square and Kuzum Baba, visitors have the opportunity to explore the rich history and culture of the area. For those traveling from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 151 km away, making Apartment Barden an accessible retreat for both local and international guests.

In summary, Apartment Barden stands out as an idyllic destination for those in search of a peaceful beachfront getaway, combined with the comforts of modern living and the allure of Vlorë's natural and historical treasures.