---\ntitle: "Apartments Cikuli"\ndescription: "Apartments Cikuli emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Sarandë, located just a short distance of 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256413873.jpg?k=855591fad8ffbb05814b74a712aac9358e1dfd9cc9e6ff28f40271706d15bebc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-cikuli\naddress: "Rruga Guri Nazifi, Building 39, 1220 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87150774\n  lng: 19.99151498\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 129\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256413873.jpg?k=855591fad8ffbb05814b74a712aac9358e1dfd9cc9e6ff28f40271706d15bebc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417202.jpg?k=9f18da4324c05760a1b6334a4fc72967b7a1cec3bbddec023ef6e055bd169b74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256413768.jpg?k=c9631842be09e6e5004b5ed3e0486f02967485fe519daa01d23a38b2f6c1205c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417218.jpg?k=49aebf1680939c390e2a085c509d0f179941c612a6b0b95f741e706399d186ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417109.jpg?k=31305e9d2886dcbcef96fdd442ffbb1ba7245f25acf00d11efc8d7a2851eef72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256413869.jpg?k=ac417474e77455e058a55d53072dde42db28354b08212e070069cf35aba8c242&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417207.jpg?k=fdd5f8e622e1bd1c7f7cae682ae0797ea65c0c4c5ede86e93d70ef1ac753cb99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417213.jpg?k=912884b8c4f954d62dc09c4f94a426854874847c01f23ea586817d3c45b32403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256417088.jpg?k=c847d773702e7204327561a2c774e2bdf1c5dc8c7a17684116b0848b69cf03a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 150 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 0 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Sea view, quiet, clean, nets in the windows, nice host”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The room was very clean, there’s always available water in the bathroom to take a shower, AC, beautiful view from the balcony. Staff is so kind, especially the lady we were in touch with over the phone, she was so kind and always available for us.”"\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“The hotel is on the coastline. Big balcony. I liked to open my eyes in the morning watching the sea. Kitchen is good equipped. There are fresh fish market and restaurants near the apartments.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-cikuli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this haven is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting air-conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with tiled floors, ensuring a cool and clean environment. Guests will find themselves enveloped in a space that feels like home, with private bathrooms, flat-screen TVs, complimentary WiFi, and ample storage in the wardrobes. The living areas are spacious, featuring a cozy seating and a dining area, perfect for unwinding or enjoying a meal. The kitchenettes are well-equipped, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the balconies offer breathtaking views of the sea, promising a serene backdrop to every stay.

For those who enjoy outdoor activities, Apartments Cikuli offers a barbecue area, perfect for social gatherings or a tranquil evening under the stars. Moreover, the location is ideal for fishing enthusiasts, with opportunities available within the vicinity.

In summary, Apartments Cikuli stands out as a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.