---\ntitle: "Apartament The City Block"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Pogradec with a stay at Apartament The City Block, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376385234.jpg?k=80c06b94cc645acc35430e9cda4f6aedf81e21bfdf1c64c7bfd83f902a53bb8f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartament-the-city-block\naddress: "Rruga Agron Ruvina, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90029368\n  lng: 20.6604664\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 4.6\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 4.6\n  location: 5\n  cleanliness: 5\n  facilities: 5\n  value: 3.8\n  comfort: 5\n  staff: 3.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376385234.jpg?k=80c06b94cc645acc35430e9cda4f6aedf81e21bfdf1c64c7bfd83f902a53bb8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484865297.jpg?k=c2d7e4ae96807fcef8d37aef09b64539c7c654e51772b0f8170e4a8d0ccd5a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484748352.jpg?k=40b721d4ae853a60c837ef64c02aedf13c0e6ff5aa4b2b53435a85cc16deaab2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376380412.jpg?k=beab6d6386300b6cee607fdd8ea0638164b754ca3fb7746dc7bce6c4f6cd87e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478861261.jpg?k=f1814ba269055f18bb79f58426a02a8c12186208629948bb085ef6f75a2c3d4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376381590.jpg?k=075d8d370440c8db462e8fa56a32ecee13973c2e470e266cdbf64aa8e4679698&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food Pere 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 750 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-the-city-block.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nFor those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary private parking is a notable perk, eliminating one of the travel nuisances often encountered. The proximity to significant cultural landmarks adds to the appeal, with the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid both located 39 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history and architectural marvels. Additionally, the revered Monastery Saint Naum and Saint Nicholas Church are within easy reach, located 7.8 km and 18 km from the apartment, respectively, making it an ideal base for exploring the spiritual heritage of the area.

Select units boast a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a minibar, catering to the needs of guests preferring the comfort of home-cooked meals during their travels. This feature underscores the establishment's dedication to ensuring a personalized and satisfying stay.

Further afield, yet still accessible for a day trip, are the Church of St. John at Kaneo and the Cave Church Archangel Michael, each 40 km from Apartament The City Block. These sites offer unique insights into the local culture and are must-visit destinations for history enthusiasts and spiritual seekers alike.

Located 46 km from Ohrid Airport, the apartment ensures ease of access for international travelers, making it a compelling choice for those venturing to Pogradec. Apartament The City Block emerges as a distinguished option for guests in search of a blend of historical exploration, scenic beauty, and modern comforts, promising an unforgettable stay in one of Pogradec's most desirable locales.