---\ntitle: "Apartments Rezidenca Sinani Orikum"\ndescription: "Apartments Rezidenca Sinani Orikum emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Orikum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260972168.jpg?k=71476fb48985435b9efaef97b79b54d052db849514287d83a5d5efabea7c6d0f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-rezidenca-sinani-orikum\naddress: "Rruga Pashaliman Fejzo gjomemo 33, 0391 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.33305082\n  lng: 19.47327465\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 153\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260972168.jpg?k=71476fb48985435b9efaef97b79b54d052db849514287d83a5d5efabea7c6d0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358945513.jpg?k=32e47116929c4fa648419094cfee33056ecaba668410faa953d723e124f4fd2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334784888.jpg?k=f7a3373e2b1530496447d9d5c0071fe4246dd35ccc242788a6b80edad36a727e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370057411.jpg?k=805bcd169583c4d55b7ef0194d924e3988f5b86384548dee52a214ee29e97295&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260969992.jpg?k=867a528d8b1483efceac2d090d7d7e832619ccefe7a6ab9eea75d592e225bf51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374600311.jpg?k=5263c2ed32a1ce50c67e0f7f319f50abb5aeefef7069aab1db6da8ecbc6b2f6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370057171.jpg?k=ea67cc99fe6efd68ef2c53e82ad3ea7be7a8eac0f6dd4b6c95d5d5647238641a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358947869.jpg?k=b3922f3c3980cab4f07be151ea337e617e8448720fe64b191e70522e7c22cff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358947611.jpg?k=a3919f31cd0720d0c5e35661966f965210cf286378e622c4709a501a46bf039f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants (1 open)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prodhime Deti / Fish Shoop te Poli 300 m"\n  - "Fjori Pizzeri 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 550 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 15 km"\n  - "Independence Square 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment in a safe and secure location. Lovely host, so helpful and full of chat and friendly. Highly recommend. Very comfortable bed”"\n  - name: "Terolli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was very good . There you can find all the comforts you need for your vacation.
“Above everything, we truly appreciated the way we were treated by the owners and staff. We highly recommend this place and we’ll be returning soon””"\n  - name: "Mala"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“the property was excellent, clean, near the beach. Perfect for a family vacation! Beautiful beach, quiet place!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-rezidenca-sinani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. Each apartment boasts a terrace that opens up to breathtaking sea views, alongside a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware. Adding to the convenience, a coffee machine, private bathroom with bidet, complimentary toiletries, bed linen, and towels are provided, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a hotel.

For dining, the on-site family-friendly restaurant caters to a variety of tastes, serving dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails in a welcoming atmosphere. The outdoor fireplace and barbecue facilities offer a perfect setting for an evening under the stars, while the free private parking and WiFi cater to the needs of every modern traveler.

For those looking to explore the area, a car rental service is available, making local attractions such as Baro Beach, 1.8 km away, and Kuzum Baba, 18 km from the property, easily accessible. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 167 km away, ensuring that Apartments Rezidenca Sinani Orikum is both a secluded getaway and a convenient base for exploring the wider region.

In summary, Apartments Rezidenca Sinani Orikum presents an idyllic retreat for guests seeking a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience.