---\ntitle: "Apartment Krenar Voda"\ndescription: "Apartment Krenar Voda, located in the charming town of Ksamil, presents an ideal retreat for travelers seeking both serenity and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941961.jpg?k=521744b989d24275becda99d3c1c462f9018750ab10c7c412aec830a6456392f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-krenar-voda\naddress: "Rruga Riza Cerova Lagja numer 1, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77097657\n  lng: 20.00855505\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941961.jpg?k=521744b989d24275becda99d3c1c462f9018750ab10c7c412aec830a6456392f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941212.jpg?k=5c6843828a526a799a4967e5a6feb79d22401a13ef2a51e628c4e900c9305b0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941294.jpg?k=87bd9ef10bef03d4f7aa41a3e98df68ec659cf7eabd3e6faa0601209527cfbfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301942466.jpg?k=89d63d72f7e346a0d16ea30995e4285c8a1429756099561eeea24c2e24f5ad51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941929.jpg?k=8aaa2023090d713230de81aa39da61843a27a33de1be97c303ca3e0fdfc0eb2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301942181.jpg?k=175bc5454ea76317dbd9e86957f7b3722b86c3c11b9eecadad2fc90f75630202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941601.jpg?k=d6839970df7a8db4e352de45f013899e287bd5baa4432b394b9c1a4f29ff9628&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301941886.jpg?k=3081cafaf2700c356b45c859a75b8ff6cfe0ce9c40f1072cdd67f8c91bdd3505&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301942343.jpg?k=57c69c81ac01fbf5f19b42bb175103787e909149566ccb8b8fff91892b94cdf6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (12 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment, with great balcony and terrace. Mosquito net at the windows
Well equipped.
Friendly staff”"\n  - name: "Lucie"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The apartment is new and clean, 2 bathrooms are very handy. It is in the walking distance from the beach, restaurants and supermarkets, though in the quiet street that allows good night sleep. The terrace is amazing for evening chill out and the...”"\n  - name: "Heather"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Clean comfortable place. A little basic, but everything you need. Good beds, adequate shower, full kitchen, balcony, walking distance to town and beaches.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flori.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious haven complete with a terrace that boasts breathtaking mountain views. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with a toaster and a fridge, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the inclusion of two bathrooms, complete with a bidet, ensures convenience and comfort. Additional comforts include towels and bed linen, a seating area, and a charming fireplace, making it a home away from home.

Guests of Apartment Krenar Voda benefit from the added perks of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is located 93 km away, making international travel accessible.

Apartment Krenar Voda emerges as a top choice for travelers who value both the tranquility of a beachside getaway and the comforts of a fully equipped living space.