---\ntitle: "Apartments Cerro"\ndescription: "Apartments Cerro stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the beach at a mere 130 meters distance."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/61781565.jpg?k=34679cbabe3cd7b6cbed67ac4eede12d273819da09076062e44a3282b3712f4a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-cerro\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Sarande - Butrint, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77822439\n  lng: 20.00596404\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/61781565.jpg?k=34679cbabe3cd7b6cbed67ac4eede12d273819da09076062e44a3282b3712f4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139520014.jpg?k=47d548602954816b0ed88b7427c8a7455940a209501a17043e3c7dfc7e301358&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139519959.jpg?k=746f582a739b8391111442ae7d74db9137284a0ddbe10011d6f75923a42a997c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139519984.jpg?k=5fb3fb2a135fe320ba686b299c3cc3582681c24200fe79d72c4ecb980395b41f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139171604.jpg?k=9f3188465abfffd9015124ac098a2643cd446738eff7333b0b777e5bfac2799a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139520009.jpg?k=a9572c2bc9188568abb4022e60144b53305ad34751188ac45d171084af46b4eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/61782264.jpg?k=d0a0f083073ab2aec02375c3ee2bf910e54b5a09a126127917eff12c903c907d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139519929.jpg?k=37cadb485d0b9f5ac1cdb08b30c24845e265de45cc3c5f13478dbfb9892bed21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139519936.jpg?k=197ee5cd63787ae6c787d59ba8659304670164d2b41bdb1fe0dff3a4912f5ed2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 19 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Arturi 150 m"\n  - "Bianco Bar 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 150 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great hosts. Invited us with ice coffee and biscuits. Well equipped, air-conditioned apartment. Clean and comfortable. Situated on the camping. You can use all the camping equipment, which is really numerous. Coffee, tea, coffee mashine, cool...”"\n  - name: "Saša"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Sve pohvale za ljubazno osoblje,more veoma čisto i voda veoma topla.”"\n  - name: "Veronica"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“ottima sistemazione.
staff super accogliente e disponibile”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully furnished with cable TV and a kitchenette, complete with a dining table for those intimate meals prepared in the comfort of one's temporary home. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are not only equipped with showers but also stocked with complimentary toiletries and towels, adding a touch of luxury to the everyday.

For guests arriving by car, the convenience of free on-site parking eliminates any worries about the safety of their vehicle. Moreover, the property facilitates the exploration of Ksamil and its stunning environs by offering boat and scooter rentals, organized seamlessly through the owner.

Dining options are conveniently located just 130 meters away, where a bar and restaurant await to serve local delicacies and refreshing drinks. For those looking to venture further, the Apartments Cerro is ideally situated, with a bus station only 150 meters away and a ferry port 14 km distant, making it an excellent base for exploring the area. Notably, the awe-inspiring Syri i kaltër, a natural water spring phenomenon, lies within a reachable distance of 31 km, promising an unforgettable excursion.

Adding to its appeal, the property is a mere 4 km from the historic Butrint National Park, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of history and nature that defines this region. Apartments Cerro emerges not just as a place to stay but as a gateway to the myriad of experiences that Ksamil has to offer.