---\ntitle: "Apartments Margarita"\ndescription: "Apartments Margarita emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil, Vlorë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698297.jpg?k=6a411db2bc816f4d96255a7f7df7ef1c9d95a979d736fe4325bea6d66266f55f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-margarita\naddress: "Rr Ismail Qemali Ksamil Qarku Vlore, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77428153\n  lng: 20.00482708\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 53\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698297.jpg?k=6a411db2bc816f4d96255a7f7df7ef1c9d95a979d736fe4325bea6d66266f55f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356516404.jpg?k=00dac1a5e9bdcd466a7e6f0d315438c9dabb4b6bf9e5f9879e92c42034771c44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360586823.jpg?k=9554a792991d44d7229229d94a69102d424f358515191b4f3fe24585f3075195&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698126.jpg?k=120476b163bf0a8ac2ab741e287a87ab7e194d368807af30d12e803a9aca17e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698121.jpg?k=2a420673fc2c92ed1d12528bdd11beebb9a20872100bf69d056500533ba0dd81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698264.jpg?k=d7cbc352b619983578e7695ce378042ee173bd07ecc30ce7f2819779d500ea5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356516213.jpg?k=712b76a75217f1a03916427ba56cb278ecb60923db1cfc347606daa6e8193cc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698263.jpg?k=ba49d3181763012fa9c1270f6b25abeeabf1ff978e1fab3db09f4be5e57e8bb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422698300.jpg?k=aa5653c71b9c8c78e49e123d08bc130f34c5bee430ad2889eb76024bbed281ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shakesbeer 50 m"\n  - "Meat House 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 250 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Feim"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Our stay at the hotel was absolutely fantastic! The room was extremely clean and comfortable, which made our vacation even more enjoyable. The hotel's location was also excellent, just a few minutes away from the beautiful beach. We were able to...”"\n  - name: "Ylli"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing host, great location close to everything , and very clean.”"\n  - name: "Ivo"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The apartment was great, modern looking, cozy and clean. The bed was comfortable. There is a mini fridge, flat TV and air conditioner. Nice thing is that balcony door has window screen so you can leave the door open to get fresh air inside the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-margarita-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Apartments Margarita are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful experience. Each unit boasts a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a private bathroom equipped with modern necessities including a hair dryer and bidet. The highlight for many, however, is the balcony that comes with each apartment, offering an outdoor dining area and breathtaking mountain views, perfect for those serene moments at sunrise or sunset.

For families, the children's playground is a delightful addition, ensuring the little ones are entertained. The convenience of a 24-hour front desk and currency exchange service on-site further adds to the seamless experience Apartments Margarita promises.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are encouraged to explore the surrounding area, which is rich with attractions. Coco Beach, Bora Bora Beach, and Sunset Beach are all within close proximity, offering a variety of beach experiences. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Apartments Margarita an accessible retreat for international travelers.

In essence, Apartments Margarita is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a tranquil escape, with all the comforts of home and the added luxury of a beachside location. Whether it's relaxing in the garden, enjoying the private beach, or exploring the nearby attractions, there's something for everyone at this esteemed property.