---\ntitle: "Apartment Sweet 21"\ndescription: "Apartment Sweet 21 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of a central location in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037162.jpg?k=abe2bfa0a2b63c1015902cd884f85f1320da058fb3c784a8babedaaf4dcfc0a2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-sweet-21\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32484839\n  lng: 19.8012881\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037162.jpg?k=abe2bfa0a2b63c1015902cd884f85f1320da058fb3c784a8babedaaf4dcfc0a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496097824.jpg?k=154a4fc24c0aab77755e7d8be75b04045a5c5f6c8d7c89da123c34fc50dc9282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039350.jpg?k=eb053185d8c5321a3cb5fc3b654f5bc02ace34a779493815a1b06f2d0a9ab095&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037154.jpg?k=5e70447b0e54464e7aa473422fa60596db83ba8ea2381da5b9568f607bf56797&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037166.jpg?k=82b22fdff97cbd4845d898c0c045f97c0f8faed6b71d07f406fbbb25ddcc6000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037173.jpg?k=3f868807af57e50553113ab5d4be1263de633d2d0421eb4ec7c3b450788b2213&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037168.jpg?k=c8110a6f58b12c2415c0a745a83f2783fafff065765aba1ae33df729f80806c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496038374.jpg?k=acafe7147c96b19ade1cc24b5acd1cba358c56d82621d590215cfd481046c7df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496037177.jpg?k=09e42a52478217b7d3bb0907193506eb582f12d3d0a35d832cb19ae6bb10b453&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Megi 30 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johns"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was more than what we expected. Very clean house. Hosts gave us privacy and we had a peaceful stay here.”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament jest czysty i bardzo dobrze wyposażony, zawiera wszystko co może się przydać podczas pobytu. Przemili i bardzo gościnni właściciele, którzy natychmiast odpowiadali na wszelkie nasze pytania i potrzeby. Wszystko zgodne z opisem i...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sweet-21.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Apartment Sweet 21 are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a shared kitchen, ensuring that those who prefer to prepare their own meals have everything they need at their fingertips. Additionally, the commitment to guest security is evident with full-day security services, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises.

The accommodation doesn't just stop at basic amenities. It goes a step further by offering airport transfer services and a bicycle rental option, catering to the needs of both the leisure and the more adventurous traveler. The spacious apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring a balcony that offers sweeping views of the city. With two bedrooms, a well-appointed living room, a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen equipped with modern appliances including an oven and a microwave, guests have ample space and facilities to relax and unwind. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, alongside an air-conditioned unit with a shower and dressing room, adds to the convenience.

For those unexpected needs or quick snacks, the on-site minimarket is a welcome feature. Moreover, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment facilitates easy exploration of Tirana's rich cultural landscape.

Apartment Sweet 21 is not just about the amenities; its location is a gateway to exploring some of Tirana's most fascinating attractions. The House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the artistic installation Reja - The Cloud are all within easy reach, promising a blend of historical insight and contemporary culture. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, making Apartment Sweet 21 an ideal base for both short-term visits and longer stays in Albania's vibrant capital.