---\ntitle: "Apartamenti8 Korca"\ndescription: "Apartamenti8 Korca emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351547.jpg?k=2978b310e415af6d0e15af1c79e1775abb44a82749e321f8aa1fcb6fff36d52c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartamenti8-korca\naddress: "Bulevardi Republika, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61714493\n  lng: 20.78173396\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351547.jpg?k=2978b310e415af6d0e15af1c79e1775abb44a82749e321f8aa1fcb6fff36d52c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351534.jpg?k=29be58320a86c657457d4d2210b504677d2679fd409b062770cea26724524ce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351536.jpg?k=072595e09ae185d1e6b0fcefb0489c221ee62ea2f1a4d34e93f28e5ef090e2f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379735277.jpg?k=bde07bad387f70754543126ca1fa8d608cc815bf1c58f5f67f83f55c20df719a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351537.jpg?k=0623a81a8a779ba9b97d0e413d52464c3868bdabfd7cb4f778e9db2a47499f4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351551.jpg?k=65d6e707359a9fc9ed0879f3c01b1f8bf3a1ebc52e2614de1db1910bd93337fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351533.jpg?k=e46a4a1f8112e0ac3c711225be4a6edbaf01755e3ea5cbee9beb2dae2ae19436&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351545.jpg?k=5c5e0fb5ce9a1202843bb39386ff59f6b23afbfdbe5d6144a1cbff838e66000a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382351546.jpg?k=3793e58a2027ff1f0ada4feed7d7ea7a78e7f4ff666f5e306d747978add053af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Romea 30 m"\n  - "Park Plazza 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 150 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was great. The owners really nice people. The appartment was spacious, beautiful dhe very comfortable. It felt like home.”"\n  - name: "Kledja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Fantastic, clean and warm place that makes you feel at home, with a very welcoming owner. Very close to the center and on the most beautiful street of the city. And the biggest surprise was the works of art that you could find in every corner of...”"\n  - name: "Merlin41"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We loved the spacious apartment and the excellent location. A very helpful host and kind mother who cooked us a lovely breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamenti8-korca.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious haven with two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. The living area, equipped with a sleek flat-screen TV and a cozy seating arrangement, invites guests to relax after a day of exploration. The kitchen, fully equipped, caters to those who love to cook, complemented by the convenience of a washing machine, making it ideal for longer stays.

What sets Apartamenti8 Korca apart are the thoughtful amenities, including two modern bathrooms stocked with plush bathrobes, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. The highlight, however, is the terrace, offering a private outdoor space to unwind.

For those concerned about air quality and comfort, rest assured, as the entire accommodation is non-smoking and air-conditioned, ensuring a pleasant environment throughout your stay.

Accessibility is seamless, with Kastoria National Airport located just 71 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In essence, Apartamenti8 Korca presents a compelling option for those in search of a comfortable, well-equipped base to explore the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Korçë and its surroundings.