---\ntitle: "Apartment 13 - Your Perfect Stay in Durres City"\ndescription: "Apartment 13 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379209987.jpg?k=d46995809f0c5588749f3137b6ff0ff9ad4e2444fdd5d0ae2d50f1cee0f58731&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-13-your-perfect-stay-in-durres-city\naddress: "Rruga Ramazan Jella 13, 7, 2005 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31380024\n  lng: 19.44770889\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379209987.jpg?k=d46995809f0c5588749f3137b6ff0ff9ad4e2444fdd5d0ae2d50f1cee0f58731&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508973855.jpg?k=106cc9680ff5ca28a976409b1b16b102a52fcc9fd7085b83a3fd14e94a91a950&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508973588.jpg?k=3ad3897b91c7e0f4c4dc90e369eed9bcc5896ebbbed3941a8e0ffadd112b333e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508973352.jpg?k=cc2eb8b5459682e2457e52976ddfa46b6ac2f9aec0f6b4dd9b6ff60dc8cb2a93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470905902.jpg?k=8ddeabe1bab819fe15774e1e412cbfd198ff191cee4c8b6716608bdf0c163a5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379210231.jpg?k=29ae4848135e9f67507b3a9734fa69fcbf7dec312e2c3fd916524bdcaf572cb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470902941.jpg?k=e4dd3d4a3547f2d4fd5a9fc8e7bf85ee97b5a60a8cf26786bfe31a9211cb61ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470902219.jpg?k=330ab5959d6e4ad81089f518d6e4106298000b5aa680929a08f9e8630acce0a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470902254.jpg?k=e530e8d52a845bd867ce5a6fb035f799e9571fe974b15f2c8cf7f6b10307e451&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sema 50 m"\n  - "Pastiçeri Flair - Dolce & Salato 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 550 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 250 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 450 m"\n  - "1. Maj 450 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 800 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Сергей"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Perfect apartment, great owner who can help with everything you need.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfortable-apartment-in-the-center-of-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a balcony that presents captivating city views. Designed to accommodate various types of travelers, it features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience, while the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the property's attention to detail. Guests can also appreciate the tranquility offered by the quiet street views, ensuring a restful stay.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to such needs without the necessity to venture far. 

Location-wise, Apartment 13 is ideally positioned. It is a mere 800 meters from the serene Currila Beach, making it an excellent base for beach enthusiasts. Further afield, Durres Beach and Kallmi Beach are within easy reach, located 2.2 km and 2.3 km away, respectively, offering guests a chance to explore the local coastline's beauty. For travelers concerned with connectivity to air travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 33 km away, ensuring ease of travel to and from the city.

In summary, Apartment 13 - Your Perfect Stay in Durres City stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, promising a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, all set against the backdrop of Durrës's vibrant city life and stunning coastal proximity.