---\ntitle: "Apartment Tirana on Myslym Shyri"\ndescription: "Apartment Tirana on Myslym Shyri emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521126.jpg?k=a33b70c12a9e22a709fe9002dd939f7dc48635e6fa042301421964c97d1686dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-tirana-on-myslym-shyri\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3247926\n  lng: 19.81118749\nprice: "US$76"\npriceFrom: 76\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521126.jpg?k=a33b70c12a9e22a709fe9002dd939f7dc48635e6fa042301421964c97d1686dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521132.jpg?k=8779e027274279d5dcc7d35c6d95527ee99e70f06eef6636aa33314f88c4d006&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521135.jpg?k=818de5b58e41f4a41f3d5dd6c486192879ce4c18190b9f89b9037cb03fb8aa9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521143.jpg?k=476ac8118cddbd197708faaf35cd59bf1602334c4e5ffee15a11fa3fe91ea77d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521089.jpg?k=34fc75748948237fda63f0ccafc16ef001cceaa20b71ca331812ac0596ff9011&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330523972.jpg?k=e3ad2d1048de3d62bc12249db28cf0e95cdc298422bc19caea45d6328c59ea44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521128.jpg?k=d8f78b71217f9c2eaaf445c85d5b7428b09dd2bc1afc274c0ec1ae447302837e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521129.jpg?k=03ca5d53be385cc27ac1a253130eb739bc77eb2b6d0c45b06ce9e9c65ea18e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521127.jpg?k=99cc6c2cec252657c8c3f10c9ba83a29170e3428e2bb7162ac28f0432ade21fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521165.jpg?k=93be2b3e054124265e1e5f11b2a5550e126cee90c4c5e1f2fb60ba0dff4e704f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521138.jpg?k=eda18f7937cde7822716426bd8ded4608115470dc693cb9331689134f7d2a044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330521133.jpg?k=20cd3a1e5d47a049c7b566c29301cc475a925e75d7cea34a75d72123b9506aee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant la Paradise 9 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Luara 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Seitaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The best place
The best location
The friendly host”"\n  - name: "Ada"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The hosts were very polite and attentive. The apartment is recently renovated and it was spotless. Location is great.”"\n  - name: "Pimkko"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Stylish and great apartment very close to all Tirana animation. The main place, the lively Blloku neighborhood: easy to be amaze by this city. Wifi, washing machine, big kitchen, comfortable bedrooms: it was great! Onwer helped to find a parking...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-tirana-tirane12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and modern amenities. Guests will appreciate the air-conditioned environment, especially during the warmer months. The provision of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking adds to the seamless experience, allowing visitors to stay connected and come and go as they please without any additional costs.

Attention to guest needs is evident with the 24-hour front desk, ATM, and currency exchange services, ensuring a hassle-free stay from start to finish. The living space is generously sized, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, invites guests to prepare their meals, while the inclusion of a washing machine adds a touch of home comfort. The bathroom, equipped with a bidet, maintains the apartment's standard of modern conveniences.

For those looking to dine out, a variety of dining options lie in close proximity, offering a taste of local and international cuisines. The apartment's location also places guests near significant cultural sites, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, enriching the travel experience with historical insights and leisurely strolls in picturesque settings.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making Apartment Tirana on Myslym Shyri an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital. This accommodation stands out for its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, making it a highly recommended choice for travelers to Tirana.