---\ntitle: "Apart Hotel Lalez Durres"\ndescription: "Apart Hotel Lalez Durres emerges as a serene oasis, located a mere 34 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524351119.jpg?k=f5f6bf99a666e8f08637cbd80f04e3f8411d0855aa0a6d3828c3338d0b962b8d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apart-hotel-lalez-durres\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit Perla Resort,Gjiri i Lalzit, 2011 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.334525\n  lng: 19.482987\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524351119.jpg?k=f5f6bf99a666e8f08637cbd80f04e3f8411d0855aa0a6d3828c3338d0b962b8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527007851.jpg?k=b83df00b9a696a4b1aa31e2aceab45d889d8a71632504fd26b02e89a29271e80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526154837.jpg?k=ded3754523183524e186463970ce515c28f1f49901900367e0cb90342c281fab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527011025.jpg?k=449f02ed65b9cb45ad1e6acc4b425d519185a78ccfc983f6487f9cd08b903370&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524351240.jpg?k=3be5a6662668623d826df4e0f447c2f743e1cb74fece5583cccc4c2bd6e6b21a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524351138.jpg?k=cd54abcf3725b5a371350297ec2519a8ff00263c9c50ba10e4ed3e19d3d2ff06&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish Land 4 m"\n  - "Restorant Mati 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 800 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apart-lalez-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Apart Hotel Lalez Durres are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned unit boasts a fully equipped kitchen, including an oven and fridge, alongside a dedicated dining area, making it ideal for those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while traveling. Soundproofing in all units guarantees a peaceful retreat from the day's activities, and the added amenities of a wardrobe and flat-screen TV in each room elevate the experience of luxury and convenience.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploring the local area. Speaking of exploration, the hotel's location offers easy access to notable attractions. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 38 km away, providing an adventurous escape to stunning heights, while the Rock of Kavaje, located 9.4 km from the hotel, offers a glimpse into the natural beauty surrounding Durrës. For international travelers, the convenience of the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being only 28 km away makes Apart Hotel Lalez Durres an excellent choice for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Apart Hotel Lalez Durres stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their stay in Durrës.