---\ntitle: "Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - Tirana Center 1"\ndescription: "Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - Tirana Center 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436935656.jpg?k=134396b806dfa61d51a5b60f74f55d79bb22a4e8a7f2c43deb9c27e12fd55e02&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartment-in-skanderbeg-square-tirana-center-1\naddress: "Rruga Dede Gjo Luli, 1002 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33021566\n  lng: 19.8160539\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 121\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436935656.jpg?k=134396b806dfa61d51a5b60f74f55d79bb22a4e8a7f2c43deb9c27e12fd55e02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431107634.jpg?k=f650b2caf383ed251308f05949634b67b47d15ae515888f6562478c40327903b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385566311.jpg?k=cc66e9a3ade8b211038abc4777bdbdb2f8a33a101d7821a139883b036bb281e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431108483.jpg?k=069a811b49865852e7cef262f83d9ce659944a616a0dea850dd679c34bf8f5c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385566206.jpg?k=cf912cda8c7afe048d30919f04b8fbc41edf6eda9102ded1f69b05094800c115&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385566303.jpg?k=7800a45dc26c87706d1d2ab66b0f9baee81b7e9f41b2b543e8d44728b7136250&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385734898.jpg?k=40c5e9d52afb78cfdec0c9fc4e49b9208350bab2180c3290665062c2558e13f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385566320.jpg?k=43b1fa1978fb30ee5a5057b6cf9527949cd5fa4b8df84b248c39ac12d51ad8e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507370768.jpg?k=6b4b7e04027ae77e9519ccd0b617dab41552f61712fffbbc714e404eda448223&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (29 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Restorant Motrat Qirriazi 30 m"\n  - "Animus 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mihaela-irina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“nice location, lots of stuff to do around the booking, helpful host”"\n  - name: "Fatih"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“It is very central and very close to cafes, restaurants and the square. Its balcony has also a small garden view.”"\n  - name: "Żaneta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing location next to main place. Convenient apartament with comfortable bed and clean bathroom. Nice host. Nice balcony.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-with-skanderbeg-square-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a serene retreat with its garden views and a balcony that invites guests to unwind in a tranquil setting. The interior boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of air conditioning ensures a comfortable stay regardless of the weather outside.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. While the apartment maintains a non-smoking policy to ensure the comfort and well-being of all guests, conveniences such as an elevator, free WiFi, and the option for private parking (at an additional charge) add to the ease of the stay. For those requiring them, towels and linens are available upon request for an extra layer of convenience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, making it effortless to immerse oneself in the rich history and architectural beauty of Tirana. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, facilitating stress-free travel arrangements.

Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - Tirana Center 1 stands out as a distinguished option for guests who value privacy, comfort, and accessibility when exploring the vibrant city of Tirana.