---\ntitle: "Apartaments Vila Mimani 2"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Berat with a stay at Apartaments Vila Mimani 2, a property that offers a serene retreat with its inner courtyard views and lush garden surroundings."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471193982.jpg?k=89211b5e7476ccc1a004a2c6d6d56bd1216971de495d4fc675a7a546696555dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartaments-vila-mimani-2\naddress: "Rruga Santa Lucia, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6973572\n  lng: 19.95871772\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471193982.jpg?k=89211b5e7476ccc1a004a2c6d6d56bd1216971de495d4fc675a7a546696555dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472926002.jpg?k=6b624356bc6e269983da1bde52d0d45831bbe1f7fe662ab061746cd1adddfed5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477901732.jpg?k=c0625f36b8d7da3b3440eb1fc52727165fb16077448d0707024792a2bf7db7a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472928662.jpg?k=a129bab8bacf8ac798d96041920bfeb89f39226f657d70e33945faba7a1b1e1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472931540.jpg?k=0cdabbfc64279c4d763638aef407a49417461236201d762c0efa057498074484&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399631515.jpg?k=3685aa52280474df002cc2d08d4a8061b5ff533a05625e26d00e67479e954ceb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa"\n  - "Villa"\n  - "Villa"\n  - "Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mexican Food Shpetimi 200 m"\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice place, with a modern furniture and all the facilities that are needed for a short stay. The place was clean and quiet. The tourism in Albania is still developing, so the standard of the rooms we were during our whole trip varied. But this one...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Brand New, clean aoartment with very friendly host. Nice garden to sit outside”"\n  - name: "Ludivine"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Nice appartement with all you need, the host is super friendly and answered all of my questions haha
Thanks a lot”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-mimani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Apartaments Vila Mimani 2 are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a pleasant environment regardless of the weather outside. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the hassle-free experience, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the area with ease.

The villa's accommodations are not just about comfort; they are about providing a space where guests can truly relax and feel at home. The terrace and garden views offer a tranquil backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening unwind. Inside, the seating area and satellite flat-screen TV cater to entertainment needs, while the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, invites guests to prepare their own meals. The private bathroom, featuring a bidet and slippers, adds an extra touch of luxury. For those seeking more, select units boast a balcony and/or patio with breathtaking mountain views and an outdoor dining area, perfect for those moments when dining al fresco is too tempting to resist. To complete the experience, all units are furnished with bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Apartaments Vila Mimani 2 is a choice destination for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the beauty of Berat. Whether it's the allure of the mountains or the charm of the villa's garden, this property promises a memorable stay for all who visit.