---\ntitle: "ApartHotel Folé"\ndescription: "ApartHotel Folé emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442480767.jpg?k=ad00b360765cf81f97d1d98ed7c54e12d3ebe363f11531a3210e8fb3772f3f9d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aparthotel-fol\naddress: "Rruga 29 Nëntori, 1025 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3407477\n  lng: 19.78304297\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 385\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442480767.jpg?k=ad00b360765cf81f97d1d98ed7c54e12d3ebe363f11531a3210e8fb3772f3f9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442082003.jpg?k=b6ea231379d6ed4b3a6ead081d24dca039e67845840c54aab33dc55cef364ed7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431201950.jpg?k=71b3494d4813fdef9c0b08eb1843ce3394a7d2057411e6d85246e0d05b6daa67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429930223.jpg?k=924851e1459e73af70fe755734bf848d3cc72e8d99c2042bb285dfcc64039dd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501475018.jpg?k=e41759b4f13e3c332773cb5dfbcae6afa4b58654eefccad48e808ea07fbe91cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501475187.jpg?k=9048514918852be835dcca0979d4fe03a9e75d27ae9c62f97f7e610df5749454&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food 150 m"\n  - "Rege's Bar 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 900 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1,000 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anjel"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Big and spacious super clean apartment complex/hotel with comfortable room and a nice bathroom. The location is 10 min walk away from the Tirana's bus station. Breakfast was delicious!”"\n  - name: "Mert"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff, everything very clean, easy access.”"\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really nice and clean place. New and pleasing. Good location near to the bus station”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aparthotel-fole-tirana3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at ApartHotel Folé are a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning, fully outfitted kitchens, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms that include thoughtful touches like slippers and hair dryers. For those sensitive to noise, select units offer the added benefit of soundproofing, ensuring a peaceful stay. Storage needs are effortlessly met with the inclusion of wardrobes in every unit.

Dining at the aparthotel is an experience in itself, with an on-site restaurant catering to a variety of tastes and occasions. Whether it's dinner, lunch, brunch, or cocktails, guests are treated to family-friendly dining without having to step outside the premises.

For explorers eager to venture beyond, ApartHotel Folé facilitates discovery with its car rental service, placing the wonders of Tirana within easy reach. Notable attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha are conveniently located within a 9.2 km and 5.5 km radius, respectively. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 10 km away, makes ApartHotel Folé an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, ApartHotel Folé represents a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and attentive service, making it a standout option for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.