---\ntitle: "Apartments 1+1 Jovanna/Апартаменты 1+1 Джованна"\ndescription: "Apartments 1+1 Jovanna emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379806914.jpg?k=fadd83812ef9fdab7161fd9bdca55d257a37c43293949eea0884ac14548f2727&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apartments-1-1-jovanna-1-1\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28650521\n  lng: 19.51278077\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379806914.jpg?k=fadd83812ef9fdab7161fd9bdca55d257a37c43293949eea0884ac14548f2727&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hasani 100 m"\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 300 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-1-1-jovanna-apartamenty-1-1-dzhovanna.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. With its air-conditioned spaces, guests can find solace from the Mediterranean heat. The inclusion of a garden adds a touch of tranquility, allowing visitors to unwind in a serene setting. For those arriving by car, the availability of private parking, albeit at an additional cost, is a convenient perk.

The living quarters are thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. The apartment boasts a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their morning coffee with a view. The bedroom is a cozy retreat, while the living room offers ample space for relaxation. The kitchen is well-appointed with a fridge and stovetop, making it easy for guests to prepare their meals. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay, with the entire apartment being a non-smoking zone, maintaining a fresh and inviting atmosphere.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploration. While the apartment itself offers a peaceful escape, the surrounding area is ripe for adventure. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within reachable distances, offering a glimpse into the rich culture and breathtaking landscapes of the region.

Located 36 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Apartments 1+1 Jovanna positions itself as an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the comfort of a well-equipped apartment, this property promises a memorable stay in the heart of Durrës.