---\ntitle: "Apollo Apartment by Holistay"\ndescription: "Apollo Apartment by Holistay emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009828.jpg?k=7fc5eac47f297727f4cccaea0898174a177c73ff935911d0a5f4bf6c44356fc8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: apollo-apartment-by-holistay\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Lushnjes, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32674725\n  lng: 19.80204976\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009828.jpg?k=7fc5eac47f297727f4cccaea0898174a177c73ff935911d0a5f4bf6c44356fc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009796.jpg?k=a458ba4048afbd2b4a273fbb26a5e90752239248ba0809c86ca5039101158b83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009780.jpg?k=488cf3522b314f20f2f2c88a7016320c48a2a6ba45a87d61fcda17db593b432a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009831.jpg?k=ef846332d647b8f56df082469e9639d889f957517d1d64b7968c9f12c559213b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009819.jpg?k=63184a6ee03b7da55c8db8332cae2dcbed894e1eee481955d87160239ded46df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009839.jpg?k=4ce2f90a2d37b129a99d930b0a5d235a0e50fed0816afd9c6aeda55f94f7574b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009776.jpg?k=1adb6914c4187a1d95b669565ec43b1a1c1cf515c2491ba6ca2e6d61db39cfb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009821.jpg?k=325f941798e78eea820c0cb882b523a43c0218a5829bfb98c98626fa4387665c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408009766.jpg?k=ef6cdd52878f4561d182cba2ce354ce955cf0dcb68526b4488e2fe6df511299d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Xhoki 20 m"\n  - "Restorantmondial 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shirley"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Super modern, nicely furnished and soo comfortable! We stayed for around a week. Kitchen is well equipped. Host is very responsive and accommodating.”"\n  - name: "Bianca"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“amazing little apartment in the center of Tirana! amazing hosting! very happy to come back.”"\n  - name: "Florenc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was located in a very new building and the design was up to date. The interior was clean, tidy, and comfortable to stay in for even longer. Andi provided us with a safe parking spot for our car.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apollo-apartment-by-holistay.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and functionality, boasting a spacious layout with a bedroom that invites relaxation. Entertainment and domestic needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster. Soundproofing ensures a tranquil retreat from the city's hustle and bustle, while the inclusion of bed linen, towels, and laundry service underscores the property's attention to guest comfort.

For those eager to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, Apollo Apartment by Holistay is ideally located. A short walk will lead guests to the Clock Tower of Tirana, the Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Museum of History Albania, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's heritage. Further afield, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, situated 6.8 km away, provides breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape.

Travelers can also benefit from the property's paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless connection to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 14 km away. Apollo Apartment by Holistay stands out as a premier choice for those desiring a blend of historical exploration and modern luxury in Albania's vibrant capital.