---\ntitle: "Appartament Center Tirana"\ndescription: "Appartament Center Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462466967.jpg?k=aa1997766473b624afa0cd10784ebf78340484f6ce53cd981ac74b4700f674ce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: appartament-center-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri piano 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.325343\n  lng: 19.81433704\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462466967.jpg?k=aa1997766473b624afa0cd10784ebf78340484f6ce53cd981ac74b4700f674ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462184678.jpg?k=099298922ad9546997253157a9617a49483e6e8714e1512195c57055ff9fad47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480807699.jpg?k=235af4a2a8c14d3d1d8edf15ce5bc014acd2469c6147e8faf0f3e018c0a2fda5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528697970.jpg?k=35960e8a140b89d1bf3d63ab3b8af49d369bf7ea6ba71cf7be9f76b977009788&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462452643.jpg?k=3583c73725a8561cbdc3afad9acf3dca247cacc49da16e05867005763715620e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480223421.jpg?k=9470c23a79840011e17fb580c3663753d9159306f6b5148556768582ad451d4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451364445.jpg?k=260e121cbf89fd755551adcd80509ed1fa384d27773d34eaf8896b4a9499ef13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453502153.jpg?k=df1e42ded1b7cec9a120f6e6ca797eb1788642987c86eadb5cc86b4a650a27d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496148454.jpg?k=1e9c7218f69fc6d69dc7f198b4e5d9c19d6b7e24a5e7821c870424a4b09a97ea&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (96 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Urban 20 m"\n  - "Picante 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Comfortable apartment. Good location for the center of Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Markosf1"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very clean room, convenient location close to the Skenderbeu square.”"\n  - name: "Evan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This is an absolutely beautiful apartment in the center of Tirana. Everything you see in the pictures matches or looks better. A very comfy place. The hosts were so nice, offering to help in any way they could. Probably one the best places I...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-tirane3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home, complete with a balcony that presents serene garden and city views. For those intrigued by Albania's past, the apartment is conveniently situated less than a kilometer from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, with the mesmerizing Rock of Kavaje and the architectural marvel, Reja - The Cloud, also nearby.

The accommodation itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring modern amenities such as a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a walk-in shower, soundproofing, parquet floors, and a charming fireplace further enhances the living experience. Additionally, the apartment boasts a terrace with mountain views and an outdoor dining area, perfect for those moments of relaxation or intimate meals under the sky.

For those looking to immerse themselves in Tirana's lively atmosphere, Appartament Center Tirana is within walking distance of Rinia Park, the historic Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, offering a glimpse into the city's soul. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, this apartment stands out as an accessible and inviting destination for both leisure and exploration.

In summary, Appartament Center Tirana is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the heart of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of a space that feels like home.