---\ntitle: "appartamento Vacanze halilaj"\ndescription: "Appartamento Vacanze Halilaj emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234813618.jpg?k=43d16993e4c29c71e8b0d874911f32c71aaa8f3af23166ddef00561fbdd53d75&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: appartamento-vacanze-halilaj\naddress: "Rruga Aristill Kokoshi, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45165198\n  lng: 19.49010118\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.6\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 7.6\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234813618.jpg?k=43d16993e4c29c71e8b0d874911f32c71aaa8f3af23166ddef00561fbdd53d75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/473665262.jpg?k=0dadb63457ff29a50c5d77ad3103848ee57811c6f0b209d01188d372b36a3afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/234813833.jpg?k=781f9d5338d03cca0c77bf197012c938ee9a3c73453742b12fb70a9d78c3bd8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/234813611.jpg?k=8b71d11a084ac27297ba2779a78fee6aba2689a4c67a86b1fe73bbc91207e40e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/235277421.jpg?k=138606e65a3a4b2dcc3b7ab9db7f99b7dc8d708901f7800b3fe003c7b398d921&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/234813674.jpg?k=9fddc335ff08085e6bfcdd3b8757b25bcea024ebc9cdc499d92fbebf5330e838&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/234813682.jpg?k=35960aeae9dba32b5dbfd182b8e1731d19da2a27aea1e110eb9ad7322e6c9654&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Carraro 100 m"\n  - "Bar Pizzeri and Crepes - Carraro 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamento-halilaj-terzo-pian-con-2-camere-2-bagni-salloto-grande-cucina-2-terz.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, complete with all necessary linens and towels. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV offering a variety of satellite channels, situated in a cozy dining area. The heart of the apartment, a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to create culinary delights, while the balcony offers a serene escape with its breathtaking sea views. Designed with comfort in mind, the air-conditioned unit includes thoughtful amenities such as a bidet and a dressing room, catering to all needs. Moreover, the commitment to a healthy living environment is evident, as the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking.

For those looking to explore, Vlore Beach is conveniently located just 800 meters away, offering a perfect blend of sun, sea, and sand. Vjetër Beach, another picturesque spot, is merely 1.1 km from the doorstep, promising more coastal adventures. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is accessible, located 151 km from the property, making Appartamento Vacanze Halilaj an ideal base for both local and distant explorers.

Beyond the comfort of the apartment, guests benefit from practical amenities such as an elevator, a minimarket for everyday essentials, and a currency exchange service, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Appartamento Vacanze Halilaj stands as a beacon of convenience and luxury in Vlorë, promising an unforgettable experience for all who visit.