---\ntitle: "Appartamento Aria con vista sul Teatro Migjeni"\ndescription: "Appartamento Aria con vista sul Teatro Migjeni stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Shkodër, located just 48 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203831.jpg?k=49f1f990796427137c566ec9964fe371bfb9b437df0fc92d2ffac48efb49c893&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: appartamento-aria-con-vista-sul-teatro-migjeni\naddress: "Sheshi demokracia, 4002 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06873786\n  lng: 19.51186743\nprice: "US$49"\npriceFrom: 49\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203831.jpg?k=49f1f990796427137c566ec9964fe371bfb9b437df0fc92d2ffac48efb49c893&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203246.jpg?k=09b8c5192d620190fb28066b29d1f9ea5ab71ec4b1687fd5cb00b1133b03d56e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451197848.jpg?k=d43147c333c004487b05d162cb4269a1ac2cdfbd069ea18bb298f0d5a7f97eff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203761.jpg?k=81a2d561abde3a128883798e344ed5f5df30dee3478e944bc42c572febf2b80d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203705.jpg?k=f603726294b91747d5cb5f51acd2ec6b8aa8bedc60602ce843eac889cd6d146d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451902093.jpg?k=99c346e41992260ae21ad081087ea4d666f64eb746c94d550711b42b949ee4d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451203326.jpg?k=097d2e4019770efb2b0720b75a1018489a020481fc4225eed46b1cd049d45420&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451197923.jpg?k=0d591c2f95fde477c1d4f51f2d16e2f9c50b930e2143af0159a8b7cb33ab5d05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451915559.jpg?k=1bc526a732c0a8cbe7980b73193ba66539ba0329e164de3f153c256ddd84625b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (52 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sonata 3 m"\n  - "PRINCI 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.9 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 37 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alket"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, close to all bars, restaurants, city center 5 min from the rozafa castle of Shkodër 10 min from the lake”"\n  - name: "Ton"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Lots of space. Good communication with the administrator. Spacious amount of towels, toilet paper and soap and shampoo.
View was beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Farzad"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The apartment is located 10 a few steps from the center. I found everything. There was nothing missing. The welcoming owner ready for everything. Under the apartment there was a market, bar, pizzerias. public taxi drivers￼”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-aria-con-vista-su-teatro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFor those who prioritize ease and privacy, Appartamento Aria does not disappoint. The facility is equipped with an elevator, ensuring easy access to the apartment, and offers private check-in and check-out services, alongside a currency exchange, catering to international guests' needs without stepping outside the comfort of this home away from home.

The apartment itself is a spacious haven featuring two bedrooms, making it an ideal choice for families or small groups. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for winding down after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen is a dream for those who love to cook, complete with an oven, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. Moreover, the inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay. Notably, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and soundproof, providing a peaceful and health-conscious environment for all guests.

For quick essentials or snacks, the on-site minimarket is a handy addition, adding to the apartment's list of thoughtful amenities. And for those looking to explore beyond Shkodër, Podgorica Airport is conveniently located just 58 km away, making Appartamento Aria con vista sul Teatro Migjeni an excellent base for both local and regional adventures.