---\ntitle: "Appartamento incantevole con posto auto privato"\ndescription: "Appartamento Incantevole con Posto Auto Privato emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386571560.jpg?k=0669d13c93aee9618cfd2030a5ea15b06dbdfff854b086203a033311cb91b9a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: appartamento-incantevole-con-posto-auto-privato\naddress: "Via Zaho Koka, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46182834\n  lng: 19.48204739\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386571560.jpg?k=0669d13c93aee9618cfd2030a5ea15b06dbdfff854b086203a033311cb91b9a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386572319.jpg?k=6771a261d2002986576dda22e4920394632806541007440d5481d25ed56669d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387023440.jpg?k=500e1303d16dcb61af4b35315b1ecf6691a23bcdd90adf11cf059bacc7f49d29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386571810.jpg?k=3e1fd6ca98ed92a0bfa82ff7a4d984daa8a451dd118f100ad6a70d965f84953c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386572026.jpg?k=16ac196ba610966eb9abc3c6e990662381b06d4fa1ea6a7577842f254840689b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386571752.jpg?k=8ecc6900f6f9a567665569ad4f74e9e59b10b559094dcb2d2721063395a3a94c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386572285.jpg?k=e382205f848ac4d501585ec19ce79e0933f3e06117f9025eb86968aa229a3efd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386572039.jpg?k=6395f6d1a535662b8eeabee1b07743d9c898d2e612a9fdb62c740a2c019f729c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386572535.jpg?k=3c7e0a3ada017f501038073f18d156b03391c2fe06f88eb8ce0663f789d1918c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (51 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Corner Cafe 30 m"\n  - "Fast 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 950 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.6 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olena"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Perfect stay, sweet and helpful owner. The apartment has everything you need. Nearby all shops and markets you may need. The sea is 20 minutes walking. Recommend!”"\n  - name: "Vitaliy"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything was great. A very comfortable apartment”"\n  - name: "Aifeng"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“the owner was very nice. waited for me to check in. and came early in the morning also waited for me to checking out. The apartment was amazing, equipped with everything you needed. clean, and large rooms. would love to come again and recommend to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-incantevole-con-posto-auto-privato.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a balcony that presents captivating city views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that boasts modern appliances including a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a hotel. Notably, the property maintains a non-smoking policy, catering to the preferences of health-conscious guests.

Additional conveniences include an elevator, a minimarket, and currency exchange services on-site, underscoring the property’s commitment to meeting the diverse needs of its guests. For those eager to explore the surrounding area, the apartment facilitates this with the option of packed lunches, perfect for day trips to nearby attractions.

Situated 2.3 km from the picturesque Vlore Beach and 1.5 km from the historic Independence Square, the location of Appartamento Incantevole con Posto Auto Privato allows guests to easily access some of Vlorë’s most notable sites. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 149 km away, making the apartment a feasible option for both domestic and overseas visitors.

In summary, Appartamento Incantevole con Posto Auto Privato offers a compelling package for those looking to experience Vlorë in a setting that promises both relaxation and convenience.