---\ntitle: "Aragosta Hotel & Restaurant"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Aragosta Hotel & Restaurant, a modern oasis offering guests a serene beachside retreat with the convenience of city proximity."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33778418.jpg?k=f8000910468bdce0242207d705dc99bea83dc965cf83c1215638fd453f66015f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aragosta-hotel-restaurant\naddress: "Lagjia 1, rruga Taulantia, Currila, Durres, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3121568\n  lng: 19.43404064\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 362\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33778418.jpg?k=f8000910468bdce0242207d705dc99bea83dc965cf83c1215638fd453f66015f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319966062.jpg?k=0f7cfcd1c0a9f83277a8546c2069d5f8ad7c90b285e4725f7d530dbc5e966dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319968849.jpg?k=f7161f2db4d4cbcb97ee2668044e1974de81bc8c78bd415122c62f2811988e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319966063.jpg?k=1fb89a1af52d476be90f7f408994c296d7ba9e9fbca0937a8df2571b904de317&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317076629.jpg?k=cb3cfdcab9fdb74da9d482cafa06301ce1dc8fdfbea4a0f86b3866236dbe0f4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319970719.jpg?k=af2f046120cc2bd77cb3c71789e2613985a535b9af32466ceba381b9d16bcf95&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aqua Lounge Bar & 20 m"\n  - "Aragosta 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 30 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 700 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 750 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 950 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great balcony and view, fresh and well prepared breakfast at the Hotel Restaurant. Staff was always very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Rabinm1988"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Staff were friendly and very helpful. Great food...”"\n  - name: "Mary"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Location. Upper floor balcony. Lot of space. Staff in the lobby was perfekt!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aragosta-hotel-and-restaurant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Aragosta Hotel is a testament to modern luxury, equipped with comfortable seating areas, flat-screen TVs, and minibars for a touch of indulgence. The private bathrooms elevate the experience further, featuring hydromassage showers, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, with the thoughtful addition of slippers.

Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the hotel's restaurant and wine bar, a local favorite renowned for its exquisite Italian and Mediterranean cuisine, including fresh fish dishes. The selection of wines is impressive, promising a perfect pairing for every palate.

For those visiting on business or hosting events, Aragosta offers a fully equipped conference and meeting room, complete with state-of-the-art audio and video technology. Additional services such as laundry and ironing are available upon request, ensuring every need is met.

The hotel's private beach, equipped with parasols and sun loungers, offers an exclusive escape to sunbathe, swim, or simply unwind with the soothing sounds of the sea. Located just a stone's throw from the water's edge, Aragosta Hotel & Restaurant serves as an ideal base for beach lovers and those looking to explore the scenic coastline.

Beyond its immediate surroundings, the hotel is conveniently situated for further adventures. The vibrant city of Tirana is a mere 35 km away, with Tirana Airport only 20 km from the hotel, making it an accessible choice for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Aragosta Hotel & Restaurant is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a memorable experience, blending modern comforts with the natural beauty of its beachfront location and the rich flavors of its culinary offerings.