---\ntitle: "Aral Apartments Center"\ndescription: "Aral Apartments Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location just a stone's throw away from the serene Shëngjin Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471645606.jpg?k=319f27176ca7477e1609c7e2f7cda12daf816c927484d789b70b04c188bbfe8b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aral-apartments-center\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune 2, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80759243\n  lng: 19.59936731\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471645606.jpg?k=319f27176ca7477e1609c7e2f7cda12daf816c927484d789b70b04c188bbfe8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/471645633.jpg?k=41a3267fe56dc8fd1abeea600f27ea01c3e85f2b4b3543f78a1acb418fb38639&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/471645634.jpg?k=6db6d944e15110fdf97ee7c167133979ba883c92f6d361192d6a13aa8edc1afa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/471645639.jpg?k=3cef5a8ad280057149d50d1e5a9402c13b4d98a69ec163c4dd735eba7aead002&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/471645642.jpg?k=672ccdc656be3a94961e3003ed64454777ebc02d1f87a4443653e18fb3347bcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/471645643.jpg?k=f29dd3f6779a2dff58a02e834253a7783defac46b27a8bd2142baef882ac5b33&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hasi Shengjin 50 m"\n  - "Ermiri Palace 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 850 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 66 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 97 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aral-apartments-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting a generous terrace that invites guests to unwind in the open air. Inside, the layout includes a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a kitchen equipped with everything needed for a home-cooked meal. Entertainment needs are well catered to with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a relaxing end to their day.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Aral Apartments Center, with thoughtful features like a private entrance and soundproofing creating a personal oasis for each guest. The property's location is not just about the beach; it's a gateway to exploring the wider area. Ylberi Beach is within easy reach, less than 1 km away, offering another spot for sun and sea enthusiasts. For those intrigued by history and culture, Rozafa Castle Shkodra lies 42 km away, presenting an opportunity for an enriching day trip.

For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 48 km away makes Aral Apartments Center an accessible haven. Whether it's the allure of the nearby Lake Skadar, 43 km from the apartment, or the simple pleasure of a beachside retreat, this property promises a memorable stay for all who visit.