---\ntitle: "Arben Qemeri Guest House"\ndescription: "Arben Qemeri Guest House, located in the historic heart of Berat, presents a charming option for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355988734.jpg?k=84a589f9b770eb0faad93f6c27d9796eb476d68cac4bf2699b3c60f33eae1fba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arben-qemeri-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Komnena, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70556351\n  lng: 19.95158625\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 90\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355988734.jpg?k=84a589f9b770eb0faad93f6c27d9796eb476d68cac4bf2699b3c60f33eae1fba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355988630.jpg?k=fa4e19b12876171512e2926d4510652f36e5133d7e3d28fdd0931e0ca42cca04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487445870.jpg?k=70a6ffdebacfe1c4bbeb5ee4d452731bb870d5eef1aa40dfeeeb0f2eeaaf91e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453632634.jpg?k=4d6870169a061b5b1b69bfe6cd689e610a11875869c3d6b6eefee0336a9d4a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453632696.jpg?k=d2e9da0f3d50166b3135dd52ff066ae2b6c6e432f99685dfa9e1137ac13eca99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355990395.jpg?k=fa71eb56e6107cc319ab9cfaf1648ff30557d5ac08f1428247a8e58de879a99a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Street Food Imam Yousuf 2 m"\n  - "Solidarity Shop Berat 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tatiana"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We loved our stay here!!! Such a lovely place to stay, clean and very comfy! Great location, easy access to everything. Perfect to explore the city from here!
Another thing worth mentioning is our hosts!!! They were amazing, so friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Savannah"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice rooms, and a very good location. We had a warm welcome when we arrived!”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location, lovely people. Nowhere better in Berat Room was great and breakfast was brought to my room at a time of my choice, Superb.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arben-qemeri-guest-house-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nEach room at Arben Qemeri Guest House is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Berat days, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The private bathrooms come complete with a bidet and slippers, adding a layer of luxury to the stay. Moreover, the presence of both seating and dining areas in all units underscores the guest house's commitment to creating a homely atmosphere.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploring the city's rich history. And while the allure of Berat's local attractions is undeniable, the guest house's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 118 km away, makes it a practical choice for international travelers.

In essence, Arben Qemeri Guest House stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a blend of traditional charm and modern amenities that cater to the needs of every guest.