---\ntitle: "Arbi's Pool View Apartment"\ndescription: "Arbi's Pool View Apartment in Golem stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in a beachfront location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107544339.jpg?k=318f5ac31647644dd32304c0f2261ccfe2df27b52a163da4cd158d4947db2cfd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arbi-s-pool-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mak Albania Kompleksi \"Kaltersia\"- Apartment 22-Building 6 -2 -Mali Robit, 1400 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2317853\n  lng: 19.515528\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107544339.jpg?k=318f5ac31647644dd32304c0f2261ccfe2df27b52a163da4cd158d4947db2cfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485218018.jpg?k=4ff9df4fa9d37870a5770e572f8c654916a24f73781c81e1cb550015cd1ee623&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461515006.jpg?k=41640c22522e937206146d2a84f94ceb07e33c587fdd1cfcda99e3abe7ba41ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107544253.jpg?k=7486bf46ba9fe5678cd8741286cc1e45d0744298463221ea9e1cc336dccd65bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485217803.jpg?k=434725f51ee4e7a9d85063921516bc851aacdcf1b293c68c66120d9f092b8706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485218129.jpg?k=9cb4923f8a12c1e08ae69960a9d2816c4bfafc86861089932ed1e11091180400&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107544362.jpg?k=32fa8d78cea4e6066acee9edf96fcca70513872b93e8c3679f73986c98345e5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465907620.jpg?k=0abb232136ae9c57ba7a25a5c8a3e7c40cb4a5674ad34fc20960e761d472bca1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485217875.jpg?k=ee3805fecfaa04486878868e72c9aa3804fa263e657c4c7a321ab835fa8dfe28&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Pool View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kapri 100 m"\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 100 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 250 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Morten"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Really nice appartement, and a lovely pool area for the kids. We enjoyed the nice balcony, and felt at home right away.”"\n  - name: "Fazio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Bellissimo appartamento ...pulito....e con tutti i confort necessari per poter cucinare
Proprietari super simpatici e disponibilissimi per qualsiasi cosa
Posizione a 5 minuti da spiaggia e passeggiata sul lungomare....piscina per grandi e piccoli...”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Зручне місце розташування, близько до моря, поруч знаходиться багато магазинчиків і кафе. У квартирі є все необхідне для проживання. Господар дуже привітний і намагається допомогти при потребі.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arbi-39-s-pool-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom complete with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The dining area, alongside a fully equipped kitchen, allows guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy their meals with a backdrop of serene pool views. Adding to the charm is a terrace and an outdoor dining area, perfect for meals al fresco while soaking in the peaceful street views. Notably, the apartment maintains a non-smoking and soundproof environment, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

Dining options on-site are plentiful, with a family-friendly restaurant catering to a variety of tastes for dinner, lunch, brunch, and even cocktails. For those looking to engage in leisure activities, the apartment offers table tennis, and the surrounding area is renowned for its excellent fishing spots. A garden on the property provides a perfect spot for relaxation.

Situated near popular beaches such as Mali I Robit, Qerret, and Golem Beach, the apartment's location is ideal for beach lovers. For those traveling from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 42 km away, is an added benefit.

Arbi's Pool View Apartment thus emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a relaxing getaway with the comforts of home and the added perks of a beachfront location.