---\ntitle: "Arc Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Arc Hotel Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151585019.jpg?k=1ff2ee4db03e3eeb1251db51cebbd637c2dcfab2f8a1f9c5a40f4f4e8b4c726f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arc-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Milto Sotir Gura, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32731927\n  lng: 19.78541136\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 397\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 6.9\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151585019.jpg?k=1ff2ee4db03e3eeb1251db51cebbd637c2dcfab2f8a1f9c5a40f4f4e8b4c726f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365440617.jpg?k=71451e88bdced4314966743825fc51a2129ff48592886d5f1b3559d355f177d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151567282.jpg?k=40a12c197805e0a3c96c15b33957a2938edecfacac75ea2089bd1d4ef8e127bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151585026.jpg?k=cb379f6ec843c77a487695aea8714ba1a568b975c639fa8598db0f2c14d9d309&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151586774.jpg?k=88318fc57ec46e941f71d09cb2d68e259d49c692024a68940afe17753b3a55ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151569672.jpg?k=de8d738beb7330687e0186deddb716008371183898c8221dc7537ca795a06f45&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Sofra Permetare 150 m"\n  - "Restauran Peja 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 550 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jaime"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The receptionist was very helpful suggesting places to visit in the city centre. The bed was comfortable and big.
The hotel is located 20min walk from the city centre and the area is quiet.”"\n  - name: "Karysia"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Our stay was great! The bedroom was incredibly spacious and super comfy. The staff was friendly and always ready to help (one of them went the extra mile to assist us in communicating with the taxi driver). We loved that they offered a breakfast...”"\n  - name: "Johana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely place, always welcoming and accommodating to customers needs. My go to place everytime I travel to Tirana”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arc-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest services, offering a 24-hour front desk, seamless airport transfer options, attentive room service, and the luxury of free WiFi across the premises. Accommodations at Arc Hotel Tirana are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring well-appointed rooms equipped with desks, air conditioning, and flat-screen TVs for a comfortable stay. The inclusion of private bathrooms, complete with showers and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of convenience, while select rooms boast balconies for those who appreciate a view.

Guests can start their day on the right note with a continental breakfast served daily, ensuring energy and enthusiasm for exploring Tirana's attractions. The hotel's proximity to notable landmarks, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 8.6 km away and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha at 4.9 km, positions it as an ideal base for cultural excursions and city exploration.

Located just 12 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Arc Hotel Tirana stands out as a strategic and welcoming haven for both business and leisure travelers, promising a stay that combines ease with exploration in the heart of Albania.