---\ntitle: "Ardo Apartament"\ndescription: "Ardo Apartament emerges as a prime beachfront gem in Durrës, boasting an enviable location just a short stroll from the pristine Durres Beach and within a manageable distance from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670096.jpg?k=c70561ddc7b2bf27776f36d96d28a272d2c845c81283dc04a83de066fd29c542&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ardo-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Rrota e Kuqe, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31124471\n  lng: 19.48344459\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670096.jpg?k=c70561ddc7b2bf27776f36d96d28a272d2c845c81283dc04a83de066fd29c542&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477361335.jpg?k=687f3407499b81d66401d7563f19893c13c8b337cd1f84039b057646dc3115f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477361410.jpg?k=95c269b57cf97075ca4bb35288a2279f654aa379c355dae4849ba7bc01b0e6f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477308734.jpg?k=73b0198bed874d50edc6cfb59e3c07a14b48213b66b1d9b9e397631262d6339e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477308722.jpg?k=f837788366737c45ca425df7e03b0e636f1e110a39b7d49dc521deca9cea197f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670255.jpg?k=9ac5269c677634378014f3d3bf7cea22d98d4300d19615adb51831465d937f9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477309313.jpg?k=840a21206bfd211b19c37eb77246862bb84246c137eeda414aeaeb5968280379&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670175.jpg?k=50023425242c39f4352ece400bad70c95fec4b1ef65065461317fb11e8b04695&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670186.jpg?k=1cd94bd970f198d86554c076fde4a420fb47e5a5353c1feb8420e68dc8c72616&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skrapari 100 m"\n  - "Kosova 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ledio"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“I’m very satisfied from the beginning till the end !! The host was very polite and helpful “Fabian” he helped us with the luggages before check in time The apartment is new , luminous clean and furnished with everything you may need The...”"\n  - name: "Istvan"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Jól felszerelt, kényelmes és tiszta szállás. Kedves és segítőkész házigazda. A szállás a negyedik emeleten van de van felvonó az épületben. Minden abszolút rendben volt.”"\n  - name: "Simonović"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Odlična lokacija apartmana, prostran, uredan, udoban, poseduje sve što je potrebno. Stan je na 4. spratu sa liftom, veliki je i veoma blizu plaže.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ardo-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Ardo Apartament is a haven of relaxation, featuring a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and a fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathroom with a bidet adds an extra layer of convenience. Air conditioning and a desk in every unit ensure a comfortable and productive stay, whether for leisure or work.

For those minor necessities or quick snacks, a minimarket on-site provides ultimate convenience. Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 42 km away, an exciting day out, offering spectacular views and an unforgettable experience. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, just 6.8 km from the property, presents an opportunity for exploration and discovery. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 32 km away, makes Ardo Apartament an ideal choice for both short and extended stays, ensuring a seamless travel experience to and from Durrës.