---\ntitle: "Areela Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Areela Boutique Hotel, a gem located in the city's oldest neighborhood and a mere stone's throw from Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83695322.jpg?k=7e8a4b9005b0099797625b46295a5325fe492bb320eec98085b0b8165c43f483&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: areela-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mahmut Fortuzi Nr 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33492748\n  lng: 19.81856883\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1425\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83695322.jpg?k=7e8a4b9005b0099797625b46295a5325fe492bb320eec98085b0b8165c43f483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83696567.jpg?k=52bdbb9f6fc454038c44d89787010eaba9549c5116c61a41c605dc463ba0f1f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83697977.jpg?k=8bfe4263c5a1334521e6d36fdf37ae6048f2d3395b0d99e232bbe9a7533d6341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104361170.jpg?k=28a4f2cdba973a83dd70f29264820536d35f98169f8bb817e5ca9268fdd50d40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83696970.jpg?k=ffc7f4faf5c398f5e9e0370240c8baa946eb9dd36d6e8c0894141e03e4f0c4ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/83696614.jpg?k=ef12099df35ff49aebe48ef823e5f7e8b9a16765d5c7b54ba47a0799ba1dd125&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma Cvaffe 50 m"\n  - "Mozart 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It was clean, beautifully decorated, spacious room with a nice balcony, warm good shower, nice breakfast and a cosy breakfast area, very relaxing and walkable distance from everything, like a little oasis in the city.”"\n  - name: "Carmelo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Staff was friendly and helpful. The room was very clean. Bathroom a bit too small but all rest was great. I recommend it if you go to Tirana. Thank you”"\n  - name: "Lisbora"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Great location, 5 mins to the city center. Friendly staff, comfy and clean rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/areela.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe rooms at Areela Boutique Hotel are a testament to elegance, adorned in a classic chic style that promises comfort and luxury. Guests can look forward to a restful night's sleep on hypoallergenic linen and Serta Perfect Sleeper mattresses, while enjoying modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a minibar. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, and select rooms boast furnished balconies for a private outdoor retreat.

Service at Areela Boutique Hotel is top-notch, with a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs, including room service. For those looking for additional conveniences, laundry, ironing, and dry cleaning services are available for a surcharge. Each morning, guests are invited to start their day with a continental breakfast served in the dining hall, setting the right tone for exploration or relaxation.

The hotel's prime location ensures that the vibrant center of Tirana is just a 7-minute walk away, with cultural landmarks such as the National Museum and the Opera within easy reach. For guests arriving by public transport, the Train Station and Bus Stop are conveniently located just 200 meters from the hotel, and Tirana Airport is a short 14 km drive away.

In summary, Areela Boutique Hotel offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in the heart of Tirana.