---\ntitle: "Arial Trinity Suites"\ndescription: "Arial Trinity Suites emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445232786.jpg?k=55beec0fb05838f901343adfa3fc41445f89c0b78acf0813e1812d743b61c93b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arial-trinity-suites\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Caci, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4594566\n  lng: 19.4699255\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445232786.jpg?k=55beec0fb05838f901343adfa3fc41445f89c0b78acf0813e1812d743b61c93b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445232616.jpg?k=637ca16d6c572613d93da564ce9387dc2e5627ae1268a7c3ea2ff63f1eb0d3c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445232680.jpg?k=849ac1b624fea8dabf54ea552e76a97a8a61db7aec6798d40172d751d52750ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443335982.jpg?k=c9c0252986a1db3d2e1828493a891d4f824b36424306c12d44fd2b1763bb3793&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375898149.jpg?k=58fb965ddc91de7141b79a74af183e452eca12ad3413a54b29c5ed64f382072b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443335999.jpg?k=7dd626cb231d81026d877acae16446b59711cc2c9b9fb6259a1bb52aab7f2eb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478650958.jpg?k=274149aa6820c0f7d972f4beda6fd0aee3c098b4d30988999c583b3727ce2cee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443015046.jpg?k=e5ad55cd5f26b4ad2e1c2f50c6596253ce4c08dcfaf8d6fba6d2b143d56f55e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445232769.jpg?k=0dd32ec138154eed3b536ca912fd7ee5970b0cc79d5839dacb37b8c612d15317&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 150 m"\n  - "Love Beach 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.4 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valter"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very friendly and helpful staff, and excellent breakfast”"\n  - name: "Naomi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very beautiful Villa! The rooms are brand new with new appliances. The location is good and the breakfast was plenty! The owner was extremely kind and caring too :)
Would highly recommend to stay here when visiting!”"\n  - name: "Mr"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was 10 minutes drive from citty center butt very close to the \"Plazhi i Vjeter\" beach. The building was new and stylish. The rooms were clean and completed with all the amentities described on booking page.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/my-comfort-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach suite at Arial Trinity Suites is thoughtfully designed with guests' comfort in mind, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The presence of a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony overlooking a lush garden enhances the living experience. The outdoor dining area allows guests to enjoy meals amidst the tranquil surroundings, while soundproofing and a private entrance ensure an undisturbed retreat.

Culinary delights await at the guest house, where à la carte and continental breakfast options are served daily. Warm dishes, local specialties, and fruits cater to diverse palates, complemented by a coffee shop and bar for leisurely moments.

For those keen on exploring, Arial Trinity Suites offers sightseeing tours to discover the local area. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, and the garden provides a peaceful escape for relaxation.

Located a short distance from notable landmarks, Independence Square is 3.1 km away, and Kuzum Baba is within 4.1 km, making Arial Trinity Suites an ideal base for cultural excursions. For guests arriving from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, with the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property.

In summary, Arial Trinity Suites presents a compelling choice for travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm in Vlorë.