---\ntitle: "Aria Prive"\ndescription: "Aria Prive emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Himare, perfectly positioned within easy reach of the serene Potam Beach and merely a short stroll from the inviting sands of Prinos Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266544478.jpg?k=64e9b47c0c4e7171bbaa85bdf317e3dbc6c9641ad5940c7d854e466bd40d1b40&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aria-prive\naddress: "SH8, 1001 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.0963717\n  lng: 19.75869921\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266544478.jpg?k=64e9b47c0c4e7171bbaa85bdf317e3dbc6c9641ad5940c7d854e466bd40d1b40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480663934.jpg?k=569bfe2ac510e83224ffe684b360ffa8ba8da6b27d2c59828741e023f295d841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207110597.jpg?k=db08e7b6a84b860a99d2a51a9a202a83ea6b0f0553d13f55badf37c64d5ec5f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493043117.jpg?k=160f6d27186320c68b6a444ec11647be209df5c21cf8fc5b208553d289c838f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493042661.jpg?k=395be4aa2c50ae7f7bdb4b4a2d6cd1eff9f1768544f204a1003e4ce1e900987d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493043053.jpg?k=1fa14bacfd4824507330e6b1c300a0c4284d67fa162a49d738b861eb2b680047&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253577556.jpg?k=68790309f417fd7025c3776a4c56db9e7ecdc1c18645cb7562afc6be00ebbec2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253577194.jpg?k=f35df9767aceff1941a77ed6ae92ab8f42ad2dbec5310e757c887e6711fdd6f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253576943.jpg?k=f44cb755d8ba326b4b5004e825bc4399c501767faf11b8da2693a0092f6decd8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Velco 200 m"\n  - "Rapos A la Carte 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Potam Beach 400 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 800 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 1 km"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rachel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was in a great location - walking distance to a lovely beach and plenty of restaurants.
It was well equipped so you could also self cater. The photos do not do the property justice - it certainly exceeded expectations.
Aldo was a...”"\n  - name: "Langhoff"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Great villa with lovely garden with olive trees and hammocks. Lovely beaches with cosy beach bars nearby. The owners lives in the house next-door and is very friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Charlotte"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is fantastic, It feels secluded and peaceful but it only a few minutes walk to shops, bars, restaurants and beautiful beaches. I cannot recommend this villa enough. Aldo was really helpful and quick to respond to any of our questions.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/retreat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Aria Prive is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning to provide a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi access throughout the property underscores the villa's commitment to guest satisfaction. The accommodations are designed with an eye for detail, offering sea views that capture the essence of a coastal getaway. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort, with a seating area, washing machine, and a fully equipped kitchen at their disposal, making it an ideal choice for both short and long stays.

The charm of Aria Prive is further enhanced by the private bathrooms that come with a hair dryer and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a seamless stay. The allure of dining al fresco is realized on the balconies of each unit, where guests can enjoy meals against the backdrop of mountain vistas, adding an element of romance to every evening.

Completing the picture of this idyllic retreat are the villa's communal facilities, including a lush garden and barbecue area, perfect for socializing or enjoying a quiet moment in nature. With Maracit Beach just over a kilometer away and Ioannina Airport within a manageable distance, Aria Prive positions itself as a prime location for travelers looking to explore the beauty of Himare and its surroundings.