---\ntitle: "Ariadnes Apartments"\ndescription: "Ariadnes Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084066.jpg?k=ad594144b0fcdf7f3964c30b54b879b090d4e68ea48afdcc8179ca483bc7ed0c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ariadnes-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Todi Shkurti, Teletubbies building, Vila 67, 1004 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32372961\n  lng: 19.83859266\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 83\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084066.jpg?k=ad594144b0fcdf7f3964c30b54b879b090d4e68ea48afdcc8179ca483bc7ed0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148083850.jpg?k=73e9926df93cef7afcdf87e1b07bf630e366f8956e782a0988616b9afe94d016&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084123.jpg?k=d0db20f0318baf2c4bc172c459c7aa8721eb4535ccbe0978ec33ad9b5597ed55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084054.jpg?k=91b327856bb33559d6864cdeffce7f9a5f144febe4c88a85e6c582809abb3e2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084009.jpg?k=6da62503565f021cdfb13954769c0e85f0e6646690ed15e87ae669b730e67962&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148081598.jpg?k=b83203ba926c745e6b27487da3b15df1141b7a90d5d8940cbcac827dc9359260&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148083857.jpg?k=f30163ef814ff17a6d38e22a44e18e5e0be4f8b899c2db9878e914498295dda4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148084111.jpg?k=1385c408885d3c8f8dcd6a9923876fbfe3067d901f2e0e6bd525478bc0da6cc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400449110.jpg?k=6a68f0403d0cd135f47ede258bc8847d7e3f77a07479d18bfc3d463bd2a0e2fa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 250 m"\n  - "Piceri la Crema 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Livjan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect in tbis apartment. Very clean and spacious, fast Internet connection, all appliances were in the apartment and there was a garage to park your car (which in Tirana you definitely need)”"\n  - name: "Samet"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything is good . Clean and comfortable thank u”"\n  - name: "Johanna"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“There was everything we needed, so 10+. Great balcony with view to garden. Great location on very quiet and peacefull neighbourhood. I would absolutely come here again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ariadnes-holiday-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay, including complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring connectivity and ease of access throughout their visit. The security measures, including full-day security, alongside the convenience of room service and currency exchange, underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction and safety.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living and modern comforts, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. Notably, the air-conditioned unit also features a luxurious bath and a dressing room, elevating the experience with a touch of elegance.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount, as evidenced by the apartment's private entrance and soundproofing. The terrace and garden views offer a serene backdrop, ideal for relaxation and contemplation. For those keen on exploring the outdoors, the area is renowned for hiking opportunities, with car hire services readily available for more adventurous excursions.

Families will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, ensuring entertainment for younger guests, while the garden provides a peaceful haven for relaxation. Ariadnes Apartments is also conveniently located near several key attractions, including Saint Paul Cathedral, Bektashi World Centre, and Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal base for exploring the cultural and historical riches of Tirana.

For travelers arriving by air, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 17 km away, coupled with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensures a smooth and hassle-free arrival and departure experience.

In summary, Ariadnes Apartments offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it a compelling choice for those seeking an enriching stay in Tirana.