---\ntitle: "Arial Studios"\ndescription: "Arial Studios emerges as a distinguished choice for adult travelers seeking a serene getaway in Vlorë, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its garden, bar, and barbecue facilities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533433.jpg?k=c7eb76f862914c58b66e990f94c99b3edc2647d029b68290b5700a2e087891b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arial-studios\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi Building Nr 4, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4589659\n  lng: 19.47056783\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 560\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533433.jpg?k=c7eb76f862914c58b66e990f94c99b3edc2647d029b68290b5700a2e087891b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533456.jpg?k=dc307c84dd32c1516fa48dc703e775ab8eb4517ab58c46802466f533d9a7993e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362377468.jpg?k=771b3dcd6999c6f0185715176f877f33818eb49feacd65af732c7f15e0da09ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533477.jpg?k=df17c0be380c7aa2f40269095822adc266fe8fc45a74d7f365ae4d783b6f576e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422922389.jpg?k=3b2c95efb6b36b09931be85a65f37464941ded0747212fd875af89382a3cbdc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533378.jpg?k=e592aedabc9df972522bdf6f45693b229a19b1ff827cd12e068e8c006fc4dbe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533595.jpg?k=18ebfdad13216a549c15c9afb563dc08b2ad582b49858ffc9c2c0156741a978f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448533327.jpg?k=574a82862effa2a569862556f06e6fb78ad180ec478d02a36f1418789008d03b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360643146.jpg?k=98aa5167b4c7f7848e3ac89cd5c4fc53bbd8699cb06dee8d8e33431beec54c56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 100 m"\n  - "Love Beach 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lapkius"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“We had a pleasant stay in a comfortable room with balcony Staff was very helpful and friendly”"\n  - name: "Mohan"\n    country: "Singapore"\n    text: "“Lovely Villa located only 100 m from a sandy beach that we found easy to walk in and enjoy the views. Nice rooms and decorations. We had a kitchenette inside room which was very practical for our stay. Very helpful staff”"\n  - name: "Tate"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Comfortable studio room with all necessary amenities that made my stay pleasant Breakfast was served even in the room
Great staff very welcoming and helpful Parking available in the spot
Cleaning every 2 days
I suggest these property”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rias-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Arial Studios are thoughtfully designed with guests' needs in mind. Each unit is equipped with a kitchenette, dining table, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries, adding to the comfort of the stay. Select units elevate the experience with a seating area and/or a terrace, perfect for enjoying meals outdoors. The attention to detail is evident in the inclusion of bed linen and towels in all units.

The dining experience at Arial Studios is tailored to suit a variety of tastes, offering à la carte and continental breakfast options each morning. Warm dishes, fruits, and juice provide a delightful start to the day, while the on-site coffee shop caters to caffeine enthusiasts.

Families visiting Arial Studios will appreciate the indoor play area designed for children, making it a family-friendly destination. For those keen to explore Vlorë, the aparthotel facilitates adventure by offering bicycle rentals and car hire services, encouraging guests to discover the local area.

Located a mere 400 meters from Vjetër Beach and 2.8 km from Vlore Beach, Arial Studios presents an ideal base for beach lovers. The property is also conveniently situated 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure seamless travel arrangements.

In summary, Arial Studios offers a compelling blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it a standout option for travelers to Vlorë seeking an adult-only accommodation.