---\ntitle: "Arial Penthouse Suites"\ndescription: "Arial Penthouse Suites emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience a mere 500 meters from the serene Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349564972.jpg?k=c529492d7ca53130ddcf0b56458cf7cb41e43fc14dd42488d8d55cb03473e635&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arial-penthouse-suites\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi building 4, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45919079\n  lng: 19.47016593\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 505\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349564972.jpg?k=c529492d7ca53130ddcf0b56458cf7cb41e43fc14dd42488d8d55cb03473e635&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461941564.jpg?k=1769b4c313b006a9e302bf45a9837a071249c5bdde4ce119f989f8e9d01cb515&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478668697.jpg?k=43454962bf2bb7ab4dc1df462991c69f667952cfbcaeb0afae46490a3fa94ec5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462207268.jpg?k=83542fb8ba4a24e6b34b5b5ed803933786beec7bb5d1fab4ff81f0789afee339&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422921998.jpg?k=f111fa09c7d407047d5d72ce6adf96cd3a3e7df8eff9e7ca402f47707a8308f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499075149.jpg?k=398321be8cdfe66145710fe0f37ac1e0c096b7b69e12415260cff52a30e88981&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499076218.jpg?k=5bd5b332988a987c0ec93e30b2733de21a97954c752bdfffd0749246d324cbd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499079690.jpg?k=6c261fdde9f0af1c049e7244bb156f78fe331471098892eed5b1b4b075d77384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348555844.jpg?k=c74838bbeffc629dfb2fd9a6b9febf91ab39a022f10d46849ac4acfff1804387&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 150 m"\n  - "Love Beach 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Great view from the balcony of the room. Good facilities and a very comfortable bed. Staff was very helpful and nice by providing to us guidebook of city. Breakfast was served even in the room.”"\n  - name: "Volodymyr"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Enjoyed a lot staying in a well cleaned room with a big balcony Breakfast was plenty and was served fresh
Parking provided for free”"\n  - name: "Agnieszka"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Well decorated rooms with a very good service in reception and building staff Cleaned rooms
Parking available”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rias-seaside-penthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property doesn't just stop at providing a place to rest; it extends its hospitality outdoors with an inviting fireplace, complemented by the modern conveniences of complimentary WiFi, ample private parking, and even an electric vehicle charging station for the eco-conscious traveler.

Accommodations at Arial Penthouse Suites are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring terraces that offer breathtaking mountain views. Each unit is equipped with a cozy seating area, satellite flat-screen TV, and a kitchenette complete with a fridge and stovetop, ensuring all the comforts of home are at guests' fingertips. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer, alongside a balcony that provides an outdoor dining area and garden views, adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For added convenience, all units come with bed linen and towels.

Culinary experiences at the aparthotel are diverse, with a breakfast selection that includes warm dishes, pancakes, and fruits. For those preferring to dine in the comfort of their room, breakfast service is available. The on-site traditional restaurant caters to a variety of tastes, serving dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails in a welcoming atmosphere.

Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring the little ones' safety during the stay. The garden offers a tranquil space for relaxation, further enhancing the serene experience.

Located just 3.1 km from Independence Square and 4.1 km from Kuzum Baba, Arial Penthouse Suites is ideally situated for guests looking to explore the local area. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, with the property offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. Arial Penthouse Suites stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service.