---\ntitle: "Arkle Apartment 5"\ndescription: "Arkle Apartment 5 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391241506.jpg?k=b484516e815307f413175b0a50e631a448165f1730a64f131bc615b4d3ddfb06&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arkle-apartment-5\naddress: "Rruga Islam Alla Kati 7, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32696109\n  lng: 19.8114288\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391241506.jpg?k=b484516e815307f413175b0a50e631a448165f1730a64f131bc615b4d3ddfb06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397897047.jpg?k=c52627326b917c225713d5724e0b3f11605695ef630c80697abde1ea1426fed8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424829998.jpg?k=247686d1a3b736b1722b1573a011584f511e87af3b5e2b511601a60606febd1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424830096.jpg?k=13dc2dd0892ab64a1f2c68c0faa05e3aa835f09b6e3e0ebd83d1fe76933b0f34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422803420.jpg?k=506f10ae72450bfae53aa3dbc5464070f4b3457cb1aadb96eb8a413c523d8de0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422804554.jpg?k=7c779f10c4eeb56f4e67d0c9afc07fa1c023bf77bd9911faec769705818e7044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424829999.jpg?k=7dd2f7190c255d617d3abdf55fb3909a3698fa376c39635547928e1701505953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424830658.jpg?k=a04028e4b022edfdebba2fc57dc439e65fdcc9369346214cb6e1667d0b5c5ecc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424830095.jpg?k=897a576aa8443e1bf5a9f47d6cd2d6c96212010e9ec174a38bc9554761b9952e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ejsel 50 m"\n  - "Meyhane Ali Baba 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anjeza"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and located in the center of Tirana. The owner was very friendly and understanding. A place that I would suggest to everyone for a few days stay.”"\n  - name: "Fiorenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L' Appartamento è bellissimo, pulitissimo dotato di tutti i comfort.. situato a pochi passi dal centro in una zona piena di locali caratteristici dove è possibile mangiare a prezzi davvero contenuti. Lo consiglio vivamente...top👍”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Idealna lokalizacja. Widoki. Atrakcyjna okolica. Mili sąsiedzi. Bardzo dobrze działająca klimatyzacja i wifi. Dobrze wyposażone mieszkanie. Idealne miejsce do mieszkania i wypoczynku.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-2br-rental-apartment-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its air-conditioned, spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony boasting city views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven, along with a bathroom featuring a bidet, ensures guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The convenience is further enhanced by the provision of towels and bed linen.

Beyond the comforts of the apartment, guests benefit from practical amenities including an elevator for easy access and a minimarket for all the essentials. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident with complimentary WiFi available throughout the property, ensuring connectivity and convenience for all guests.

Arkle Apartment 5 is not just about the amenities within but also its proximity to Tirana's most sought-after attractions. Guests find themselves within easy reach of the Et'hem Bey Mosque, Reja - The Cloud, and the House of Leaves, offering a deep dive into the local culture and history. Additionally, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it an ideal base for exploration.

For those traveling to or from the city, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, making Arkle Apartment 5 a strategic choice for both short and long-term stays. This apartment stands out as a top recommendation for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed home.