---\ntitle: "Arkle Apartment 3"\ndescription: "Arkle Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495093481.jpg?k=3ece90bd56626e9b2c7c0cb3604f47d141b3b708bb1e0d23f02d75d23cfe6086&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arkle-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Adbyl Frasheri, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31856208\n  lng: 19.81569351\nprice: "US$71"\npriceFrom: 71\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495093481.jpg?k=3ece90bd56626e9b2c7c0cb3604f47d141b3b708bb1e0d23f02d75d23cfe6086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495085755.jpg?k=fbedecf7d66d3c62f13cda4ca4c43de465ff1869ef6fa61a5aa98ed5aa3da8d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495093472.jpg?k=50b207a62533f5bfb0e44d72208a7cee7a386ff8acc157a28f31d41af453aec6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495093485.jpg?k=f026266278a82a592e0e4acd23aafc7b6e27e8c94058001404297bc50ef838bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495085744.jpg?k=3cbe64c932e51403f9f72f1c0abd670a03c93e3ab8d8b7777467050107af54a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495085756.jpg?k=9323ba052a990fd803966448603e307522ed58f1d350f5c97e06c2abeb152991&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Del Maestro 30 m"\n  - "Wilson Lounge Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anjeza"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A very clean, luxurious, comfortable apartment with a large space. I suggest it for everyone, located in one of the best neighborhoods of the city. The manager was a very understanding person. It was a pleasure for me.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A quite a comfortable place. I suggest it to all the couples and families. Everything was so clean and fresh. Host very nice too”"\n  - name: "Ina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto era perfetto, Sokol molto disponibile per qualsiasi cosa ti risponde subito”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arkle-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe strategic location of Arkle Apartment 3 places guests within a stone's throw from significant landmarks, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 700 meters away, and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 6.5 km from the premises for those inclined towards adventure and panoramic city views. 

Accommodations at Arkle Apartment 3 are thoughtfully designed to cater to families and groups, featuring spacious family rooms that promise a comfortable stay. Each unit is well-appointed with a cozy seating area, a dining space, and a fully equipped kitchenette boasting an array of cooking facilities such as an oven, microwave, fridge, and stovetop, ensuring guests feel right at home. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units adds a touch of convenience to the stay.

For those keen on exploring the local culture and attractions, Arkle Apartment 3 is conveniently located near several popular points of interest. Guests can easily access the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, making it an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's rich history and contemporary art scene. 

Completing the appeal of Arkle Apartment 3 is its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 16 km away, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure for international and domestic travelers alike.