---\ntitle: "Arlind's Apartaments"\ndescription: "Arlind's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752411.jpg?k=519195aabcad7620790f81f197e78c6cdfaf1ada38179a936078adffe1a04aa0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arlind-s-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Sali Bedini, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46223287\n  lng: 19.46885755\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752411.jpg?k=519195aabcad7620790f81f197e78c6cdfaf1ada38179a936078adffe1a04aa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752405.jpg?k=2f1d7fd9145848f1c21448e6f6acefff54f245752ed26b6ef6df517e12ea18d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752417.jpg?k=a4fd979358dbaa556edaf3d200124b606f9c8213341e2890196430f0a1424ca2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752276.jpg?k=c86380a9192b5f57f7f3619638102962a053ea9abe265897764fcce96c8298ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752353.jpg?k=a2279a8d2120d2bc1018d1cce9e1797c7a0a33c73a92c2a01c49f016c6190bb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752285.jpg?k=65f1f40d238d7892ef0645f329870ac8f066a491e87bc34d081574ae7a900ca4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Studio"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Love Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 450 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Janette"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The location was good - a flat 20-30min walk to the main streets. Just a bit out from the main strip with bars and restaurants. We were happy with the area, it seemed more local and the neighbours were friendly, with food shops/markets,...”"\n  - name: "Solodkyy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent communication with host and excellent facilities and best value for your money. 6 min walk to the beach.”"\n  - name: "Jeroen"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Spacious, our appartement was and well equipped. Nice hosts. Close to beach, city center walking distance.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tradition-albanian-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Arlind's Apartments are treated to a host of amenities designed to ensure a stay that is as relaxing as it is enjoyable. Each air-conditioned unit boasts a thoughtful array of facilities including a desk, kettle, oven, fridge, and safety deposit box, alongside a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. The presence of a terrace and a private bathroom with a shower adds to the comfort, while a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a stovetop and kitchenware, allow guests the freedom to prepare their own meals. Complimentary bed linen and towels underscore the apartment complex's commitment to convenience.

Adding to the allure, Arlind's Apartments facilitates exploration and mobility with its airport transfer services, bicycle rental, and car rental options, ensuring guests can navigate Vlorë and beyond with ease. The proximity to Kuzum Baba, located 3.7 km away, invites guests to delve into the local culture and history.

Situated 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Arlind's Apartments stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its blend of hospitality and amenities, making it an attractive option for those looking to experience Vlorë in comfort and style.