---\ntitle: "armando's house durres"\ndescription: "Armando's House Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494412474.jpg?k=9195b710da461a8961c946fd2f3e301390c4fa28b8eb0eda4c40bffc6190107c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: armando-s-house-durres\naddress: "Rruga Aleksander Goga, pasticeri perla 1, 8835 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31680383\n  lng: 19.44516037\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494412474.jpg?k=9195b710da461a8961c946fd2f3e301390c4fa28b8eb0eda4c40bffc6190107c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494413862.jpg?k=a4f7da575fd289381dd3706fb8dccc6b89c9495c7540d4c442e17a17fd57f0ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494413145.jpg?k=30bd1449eaedf66109dbd1d17c10a8c1e2ad5b29c16738e9c8b9593ed35e8b8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515142922.jpg?k=d5a5404fcb932a0d5d55bd2a05c87e587c08027adbce9d06074939a19c23b1bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515108309.jpg?k=1edab3f3434605cdd23a8de3f825fe9dd230a5a747c74d3063d3df76c51f0c0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494412820.jpg?k=a281c83807c4529b499da56b375878b9740d3980cd256897ee8798d11b17bb19&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (47 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzemporio 30 m"\n  - "Milano 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 800 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 450 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 500 m"\n  - "1. Maj 600 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eliška"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything vas great and the host answered me every question I had. Would come again”"\n  - name: "Beata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment is located very close to the city centre, it’s spacious and it has everything you need for the stay. There’s a big bathroom, a comfortable bed, a nice sofa and two TVs. Very good communication with the landlord. I would definitely...”"\n  - name: "Jorin"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location was very close to city centre. Spacious and very clean. Host was very friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/armandos-hause.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, Armando's House Durres presents air-conditioned accommodations that boast not only a refreshing view of the garden but also the convenience of complimentary WiFi. Each apartment is designed to cater to the needs of families, featuring a balcony that invites natural light and fresh air, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, and a cozy seating area for moments of relaxation. The presence of a flat-screen TV, washing machine, and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and slippers adds a layer of comfort to the stay. For added convenience, guests are provided with bed linen, towels, a coffee machine, and a kettle, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience.

The property doesn't just stop at offering comfortable living spaces; it extends an invitation to tranquility with its garden, where guests can unwind and reconnect with nature.

For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car stands 43 km away, offering an adventure into the scenic heights of the area, while the Rock of Kavaje, located 11 km from the property, presents a unique natural attraction. Travelers will also appreciate the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 33 km away, making Armando's House Durres a convenient choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Armando's House Durres stands out as a welcoming retreat that combines the comfort of modern living with the ease of access to some of Albania's most picturesque and culturally rich destinations.