---\ntitle: "Arté Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Arté Boutique Hotel stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231842330.jpg?k=0415618d38120c9b6db3db57b028b3657a68d839c0f4fe6d2de4fdad40810592&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: art-boutique-hotel\naddress: "32 Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31995822\n  lng: 19.81877772\nprice: "US$185"\npriceFrom: 185\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 335\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231842330.jpg?k=0415618d38120c9b6db3db57b028b3657a68d839c0f4fe6d2de4fdad40810592&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231841982.jpg?k=56680080da941667e02cfd85837255d5c6b5cc3e1be848672dd6bd6a8829693a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193435329.jpg?k=e00ffcb743e3b67aaebbac1f48c500bb0fe0d782b27a25f946442fa73c8cef7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273992618.jpg?k=ba69505b9299233af2af7b1300cc93f5bc39221ac93b0cf0e22e340a07a3d084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/231841948.jpg?k=2dc0952288abfd22e530b4cd5a421e6d46d7479e690989313fa188b58ed5ce35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273992773.jpg?k=30a61d2834db895e2145c514a81a719b833b6504fcbb35cf3a21f15441ea7ed6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273992527.jpg?k=71f9dd0dec6d47fc94a05497419f440d36f0c7cd2e00ac423d54a5517ff2e417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273992486.jpg?k=f4230db2ceb9a27cb7f8798800434a0200ce4e4741471da8b832d939b087e990&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273992391.jpg?k=851b5f682f697a1676c5b5367df7efa0b51d5084ba085576c1ad222591dd3e41&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Whisky 20 m"\n  - "Yamato Tirana 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 100 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dominic"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“both receptionists were exceptional The waiter was great too.
The food was excellent. The tour guide recommendations could not have been better.
huge thanks, Dominic Christian.”"\n  - name: "Charlotte"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Cozy hotel. Centrally located.
Helpful staff speaking good English. Nice à la carte menu breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Shadia"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“The rooms are spacious and nicely done
The front patio with the coffee shop is beautiful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arte-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe hotel's accommodations are a testament to its commitment to guest comfort and satisfaction. Each air-conditioned room is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as a desk, coffee machine, fridge, minibar, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private balcony. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which feature showers, and the provision of bed linen and towels in every room. Select rooms also boast captivating city views, adding an extra layer of enjoyment to the stay.

Morning starts on a high note at Arté Boutique Hotel with an à la carte breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. Beyond the comforts of the rooms, the hotel offers a serene garden and a shared lounge, perfect for unwinding after a day in the city. The on-site restaurant and bar present an opportunity to savor local and international cuisine without leaving the comfort of the hotel.

For business travelers, Arté Boutique Hotel caters to professional needs with efficient ironing services and business facilities, including fax and photocopying. Its strategic location places guests within 1.2 km of Skanderbeg Square, with easy access to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana. The Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 17 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Arté Boutique Hotel is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and history of Tirana, all while enveloped in the comfort and luxury that discerning travelers deserve.