---\ntitle: "ART Apartment Durres Albania"\ndescription: "ART Apartment Durres Albania emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478059451.jpg?k=7580a5ca0e994fb69d46f71915e2f52a74e904894214f07a0a4761fb3e15d82d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: art-apartment-durres-albania\naddress: "Rruga Qafe Bote ,prane hotel Globo.apart.nr .28,floor 4, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3066131\n  lng: 19.49484936\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478059451.jpg?k=7580a5ca0e994fb69d46f71915e2f52a74e904894214f07a0a4761fb3e15d82d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528257480.jpg?k=ee43db54a4d4aa1817293e17305e89a74b43adeb312fd4b87343013daa53f20e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478061375.jpg?k=ad75031aa615797e0d1c074a91108aba336cc1fc5d4b330c7637d57477134e00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478060680.jpg?k=f1944fe0f21529edd3f81928278b70ec8eeebbfb261276dd786078b4800bb636&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478060850.jpg?k=d4ed9c26b8cde79f57c9cb3455414bf8f2ba6e5b7244017bf39d3466f536bca4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476051665.jpg?k=a0f5497c2aab6c073c9d97670697fce79850625d35cb1366b6c319373c0d19a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478061188.jpg?k=080f19c9ba2a97338282d228a5c18e6264a2329fd885a02c670d14a57b561c46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478061515.jpg?k=e25a1215ca541a8823f7adda4ad31e7f87537f8b3cda5cd4e544dd3678c7728b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387547717.jpg?k=cc0af2a99943cb7c5a093077d2dceebbdb701e70c1b31c88df0e510261baf638&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "2a 150 m"\n  - "Peshk I Freskët Braçja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marzena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly host. We have booked the apartament at the last minute as the other one we booked earlier was not acceptable. The host make sure everything was ready in 1 hour before we arrived. They showed us how everything worked and how to get...”"\n  - name: "Mojca"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very nice host who helped us with informations about the town. It was very clean and spaceious.”"\n  - name: "Jose"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El apartamento es cómodo y tiene todo lo que se puede necesitar para una estancia prolongada. Está muy cerca de la playa y en una zona con mucho ambiente y comercios de todo tipo. Imagino que en verano todavía mucho más. La familia que lo lleva es...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/art-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that comes alive with natural light. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a fully equipped kitchen ensures that guests have everything they need at their fingertips. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate any morning coffee or evening unwind.

For those who prefer to dine in, the convenience of an on-site minimarket adds a layer of ease to the stay. Meanwhile, the shared lounge area presents a perfect setting for guests to mingle or simply relax in a communal space.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, the location serves as a gateway to some of the area's most notable attractions. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within manageable distances, offering enriching day trips for those inclined to explore. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km away, access to and from the property is remarkably straightforward.

In essence, ART Apartment Durres Albania stands out not only for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but also for its ability to make guests feel thoroughly at home. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beach or the comfort of a sea-view balcony, this property ensures a memorable stay for all who visit.