---\ntitle: "Art Apartment Clever"\ndescription: "Art Apartment Clever stands out as a modern oasis of comfort, merely 300 meters from the sun-kissed shores of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389999535.jpg?k=7eb42b29652e0c1f90b860382ea891273c765342f1d0f1322c7bbc8095a970f1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: art-apartment-clever\naddress: "Rruga Bajram Curri, PLAZH/13, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3074144\n  lng: 19.49190337\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389999535.jpg?k=7eb42b29652e0c1f90b860382ea891273c765342f1d0f1322c7bbc8095a970f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390000229.jpg?k=ce14c5b979ed04393983041f3150f4510658b1cb6f0fa61d551505bcddde2ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475057581.jpg?k=2b40d68bdd2b0cd55658db9e575b8c674021c4f0a0b44c8f263f2b7caff6bc70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389999954.jpg?k=a300b9bec449ba1bf07814732f6afb800c0e7424b49590d32fe4e00e512f78a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484313780.jpg?k=b315fc877dc5f4927ad1f7ee496d0330787e7b380905b442922a6e43314a3232&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449283060.jpg?k=37de129abd3380c94f898307fcb6399c28f72ed8d0b892db5296def1aa456eed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484311269.jpg?k=e4fafdabdc32408f50e175d57de18887372a64e2a47fb25022081eb4e1e5d789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390000341.jpg?k=0077c623467175ee521881612a6e8ca10908ed76731f6a1047ee330e43aff9f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475170028.jpg?k=c7c319e749a4d6cd161e4f72d729b034d1d13a7110de16d963b6b3bfe0ee5189&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Colombo 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Ke Daja Gatime Trradicionale 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“I can sit in pelikan and connect to my wifi, near bus stop bakery market butcher everything u need only few steps away”"\n  - name: "Theodore"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment with everything that I wanted/needed for a few weeks. The apartment is centrally located on Durres Beach (a few minutes walk) and easily accessible via bus line (40lek/40 cents fare Sept 2023), located on the 9th floor of the...”"\n  - name: "Andriy"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Хозяин Роман очень заботлив, привез меня на своей машине из Тираны, постоянно на связи в Whats App, показал где ближайший маркет, и уличные рынки. В квартире есть Smart TV , отличный кондиционер, все чисто.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/art-apartment-clever.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property is strategically located 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, ensuring guests are never too far from the cultural heartbeat of the area. Additionally, the convenience of a lift adds to the seamless experience provided. Families will find the apartment especially appealing, thanks to the thoughtful inclusion of family rooms designed to accommodate guests of all ages.

Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful design, featuring a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their own private slice of the Durrës skyline. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave, allows guests the freedom to craft their own culinary experiences. Comfort is further enhanced by a seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and the practicality of a washing machine. The private bathroom, equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensures a refreshing start and end to each day. Emphasizing health and comfort, all units are allergy-free and soundproof, complemented by the provision of bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service directly from the apartment complex offers the perfect solution. Adventure seekers and nature lovers will appreciate the proximity to Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 42 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, just 5.9 km from the property, presents an excellent opportunity for a day trip.

Situated 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Art Apartment Clever ensures a worry-free travel experience with its paid airport shuttle service. This property not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the rich culture and natural beauty of Durrës.