---\ntitle: "Art Gallery Apartments Tirana"\ndescription: "Art Gallery Apartments Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and security in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766485.jpg?k=838c7f2651c188cce0aed1e1b9c0707a703c63196c15bcac0202fda6083dc282&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: art-gallery-apartments-tirana\naddress: "58 Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32471716\n  lng: 19.80942259\nprice: "US$126"\npriceFrom: 126\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766485.jpg?k=838c7f2651c188cce0aed1e1b9c0707a703c63196c15bcac0202fda6083dc282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766616.jpg?k=9e349747be0cd7fb41281c1ba83c4e0048acfc0cb5181e92e31d1accfd57f194&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766492.jpg?k=96ddb967be76e49ff978a2124f1bcba97d9789415147eb68b80a3fdb3c25634b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766508.jpg?k=1f1ee566c38c4cf408a5b0c6a18e0aff78e41f1ec489c77eabc9c2914b6c56cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506521106.jpg?k=039957c33555d3605c9ee72031e2d210c328c1b405c7820a6b6c5b9c5e42a955&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766673.jpg?k=2737b7f6435c05997d98297fd4f559638c92e6ff22de469d335a07836b7f2764&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766623.jpg?k=491b3729a362d466f44a29d5e187b4a3245e08783fcc7566363a8a3e1902b586&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766403.jpg?k=274960a6e364df671ef83f0ec27c9a715289403c882294bbd73b0b585ff387f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504766520.jpg?k=87520eb4a974705316a954fa4cd60c5a3a3c87ef08158080664ed4d4d5d4a9dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "CaffeMio 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food Time Out 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The apartment is amazing. The host Gerta and her husband are super lovely.
The location is perfect.
I already miss the place and the hosts.
Thank you. I'll be back.”"\n  - name: "Lorenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“struttura molto accogliente, in una buona posizione. host educata e gentile e molto disponibile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/art-gallery-apartments-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on offering guests a seamless experience with full-day security, private check-in and check-out services, and complimentary WiFi access across all areas. The proximity to significant landmarks, such as the Rock of Kavaje, 43 km away, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, just 1.2 km from the doorstep, adds to its appeal for those keen to delve into the local heritage.

Accommodations at Art Gallery Apartments Tirana are designed with space and comfort in mind. Each of the three-bedroom apartments is well-appointed with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven, a washing machine, and two bathrooms complete with a bidet. The provision of towels and bed linen enhances the home-away-from-home experience, while the allergy-free and non-smoking environment ensures a pleasant stay for all guests.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to the everyday needs of the guests, making for a worry-free stay. The aparthotel's location also offers easy access to popular attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, making it a perfect spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's vibrant life. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, Art Gallery Apartments Tirana stands out as a top choice for both short and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.