---\ntitle: "Art Rooms Gjuhadol"\ndescription: "Art Rooms Gjuhadol stands out as a serene oasis in the vibrant city of Shkodër, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456840.jpg?k=aa38ac0f2e13888d6314f6eacb6f9f98e210164d838e1490a0948e0d9cb5982d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: art-rooms-gjuhadol\naddress: "Rruga G'juhadol, 87, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0683309\n  lng: 19.51706135\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 83\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456840.jpg?k=aa38ac0f2e13888d6314f6eacb6f9f98e210164d838e1490a0948e0d9cb5982d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456645.jpg?k=c61d91d7545a50225d6b6a84547934920f8ae291f8e45759eb4acd4bb41f0e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456627.jpg?k=d7e10afe383c450a32f6c18880945626c253b7e953003f5470f76703e7adcde8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456896.jpg?k=a8dba0cddfd4407aa6feac333e8cf0a3e040aff4258aa1df903441aaef79babb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456750.jpg?k=a450e93aa50799616121bb96e75e6dfbf3dcbc40232f9a4c45c93dc0dc1ceb7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454456782.jpg?k=e6b3b4920c4a7e79d008e7694b7841b13fb72ab755d8b0ef8c7369d5108f9907&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Garden View"\n  - "Standard Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bulldog Hostel & Club 20 m"\n  - "Pastiçeri Flo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.1 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Isabel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location. Clean and comfortable and good value. Useful to have nearby parking”"\n  - name: "Ingunn"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“The host was fantastic. Great location. Spacious room.”"\n  - name: "Cecilia"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Wow what an experience!! First of all, a very friendly and helpful host! The location was very central and the apartment was superfresh with wonderful beds! Highly recommend this accommodation to everyone visiting Shkodër”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/art-rooms-gjuhadol.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Art Rooms Gjuhadol are treated to well-appointed accommodations, each featuring essential modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The thoughtful inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with bed linen and towels, alongside a handy fridge in every unit, adds a touch of home comfort to the guest experience.

The property itself is a haven of tranquility, with a beautifully maintained garden and a terrace that invites guests to unwind and soak in the peaceful atmosphere. Moreover, the convenience of free private parking removes any travel-related hassle, making it an ideal choice for those exploring the area by car.

Located a mere 58 km from Podgorica Airport, Art Rooms Gjuhadol serves as a perfect gateway for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the rich culture and history of Shkodër, while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed bed and breakfast.