---\ntitle: "Artemis Beach House"\ndescription: "Artemis Beach House emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, offering an unparalleled blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493024640.jpg?k=5421d2cc03960298b23991dcc26215c083074c66abf1cd345dc2609a9dcf318a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: artemis-beach-house\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu Uji Ftohte Vlore Apt.8, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41474523\n  lng: 19.48237626\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493024640.jpg?k=5421d2cc03960298b23991dcc26215c083074c66abf1cd345dc2609a9dcf318a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456816085.jpg?k=59aa5c6f693925f0b11607b1aee9ce07174d4f48abcd4bc218e9f2b9a593651c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456824243.jpg?k=0bac955aa24dda820b8e17853135a0475a1fa03fd4da929dfa3f37df891aa404&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146147073.jpg?k=3e60ca9987b91bd8ac9b94783fd9a08011db9749a28f1709150571a9f09c1780&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456824165.jpg?k=71c6e2210069b286b939af4332df1b7a075a512073aec4390f7623ba82ef5012&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456824173.jpg?k=8cfe94bfd3bb72e8a04c5cd4d82d9081d5bebaf1c15aff21db1ebe5b9addaa77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera Blu 50 m"\n  - "Mandarine 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 100 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 400 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The accommodation is simply awesome! Great clean comfortable rooms equipped with everything you need. The swimming pool is very clean and it has the water pumped from the sea! The hosts are amazing - ready to ask any questions and go the extra...”"\n  - name: "Mareksu"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was spot on! Relaxing place to stay, underground parking garage, the swimming pool with sea water, proximity of shops and nice restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Sandra"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice host!
Everything what you need is there!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/artemis-beach-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a breathtaking patio that offers sweeping garden views, setting the tone for a stay marked by tranquility and connection with nature. The property doesn't stop there; a private beach area and a stunning pool with panoramic views ensure that relaxation is never more than a few steps away. Convenience is also a top priority, with complimentary private parking and WiFi available to all guests.

The accommodations at Artemis Beach House are thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and enjoyment. Each apartment features a terrace that presents majestic mountain vistas, a cozy seating area for unwinding, and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and even a coffee machine and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like them. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with walk-in showers and slippers for an added touch of luxury. For convenience, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Beyond the confines of their apartments, guests are invited to explore the lush garden, a perfect spot for meditation or leisurely strolls. For those looking to venture further, Coco Bongo Beach and Sunny Beach are both within 1.5 km of the property, offering ample opportunities for sunbathing, swimming, and water sports.

Located 156 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Artemis Beach House stands as a testament to the beauty and allure of Vlorë, promising an unforgettable stay to all who visit.