---\ntitle: "Arte Apartment"\ndescription: "Arte Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, Vlorë County, offering guests a unique blend of mountain and city views from its inviting balcony spaces."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474656709.jpg?k=bd4fabb323ccaac67a2f4acd9803febce591b74671db107535c5e4f646f5abaf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arte-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima 298, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87425323\n  lng: 19.99152974\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474656709.jpg?k=bd4fabb323ccaac67a2f4acd9803febce591b74671db107535c5e4f646f5abaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473549716.jpg?k=2f697f6429f1e3c2c4b3a64b414823de6e419382b855011ef85cbc30651a2db3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473549432.jpg?k=8167dc507798b5f8782a87956eff1b4402ddbc78d19a4697e2a390dcd1a608ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474656165.jpg?k=803dd7dd63f33c5640c7ca84766aacc82533e1c6108313651747159645ebbe22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473549163.jpg?k=76a614fad54f259c29f5e4b41d0cf7a5aa2c0cdb79420ce19e3807af2e7b5097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153733473.jpg?k=1e0eb86aeaadf07a57096969226329781954f50d833a570ab1ebed3f0623bce0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Beni Peshkatari 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 300 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 850 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Renato"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly and helpful.
Also the building was in an amazing condition, super comfy and clean.
With a spacious bedroom, well organized kitchen and a really cozy balcony we were most pleased with out stay at Arte...”"\n  - name: "Małgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment was clean and it looks exactly like in photos. Bed linen and towels smelt really nice. The biggest plus of the apartment is big balcony. AC and the Internet were good. You can park your car right under the building or on the street if...”"\n  - name: "Frunza"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Apartamentul destul de curat, dotat cu strictul necesar pentru vacanță, distanța pînă la plajă cîteva minute de mers pe jos.....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arte-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment within the complex is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, and a seating area perfect for unwinding after exploring the city. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring guests are never at a loss for things to do indoors. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, fridge, and kettle, adds a touch of home, allowing guests the option to prepare meals as they please. The dining area serves as the perfect spot for a family dinner or a quiet breakfast. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with slippers, a walk-in shower, and a hair dryer, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Sarandë reveals itself through its popular attractions, all conveniently located near Arte Apartment. Guests can easily access Sarande Main Beach, Saranda Bay Beach, and Saranda City Beach, each offering a unique experience of the Albanian Riviera's stunning coastline. For those looking to explore beyond the city, Ioannina Airport is 98 km away, making Arte Apartment an ideal base for both short and extended stays.

In essence, Arte Apartment emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Sarandë. Its comprehensive amenities, coupled with its prime location, make it a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of what the city has to offer.