---\ntitle: "Arteg Apartments - Superior"\ndescription: "Arteg Apartments - Superior emerges as a recently renovated gem located in the heart of Durrës, a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, Durres Beach, and the iconic Rock of Kavaje."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273830.jpg?k=da99f0480aa25894bfb7afe22136383e0fe0da37afab261ab485a894c2a7ea38&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arteg-apartments-superior\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28453465\n  lng: 19.51081219\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273830.jpg?k=da99f0480aa25894bfb7afe22136383e0fe0da37afab261ab485a894c2a7ea38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273914.jpg?k=db1060d2b496fc25bffd1dea1875c4e8feb3083000ffc2c631876b61f6b51cde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273861.jpg?k=2ee61e326a03de83330c34b88e1a03bb4475db5d4dfa67dbca0c6a90ea3e5e0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273854.jpg?k=53de215516b8f8ae29e04fb534051a2e33b383a71fdf9e5fbcf13e39edb9ab9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273943.jpg?k=c8834ae8125d91116515dadde62378ba95f5758e376dc242e03bd6c3ff93d156&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273930.jpg?k=57ae7cc4961b4e4a363a63a0433340884390f17c5bd0e65e04de85c1c2553d72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273907.jpg?k=8792da1a7bfef035a2141f1bc0745079c78bec23ff93aa21258a53d0860c2500&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363273850.jpg?k=90e8388a8ce77c4adf2ff15b41afc1a2108e0b600bc75a7dbae2e83410f3a1bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513979426.jpg?k=fc8950a1a64dddd10591f05359ec565854f9738449a43298fd6e585b9326f702&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (37 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Majestic 20 m"\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Good location to the beach. Nice sized room with a balcony. Very clean and modern. Lovely hot shower.”"\n  - name: "Antoninalav"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Conveniently comfortable everything you need for life there is a good location”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Location is great nearby beach, only 1 minute. Owner is very friendly and professional. The room was very clean and tidy. Every thing you need was there. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfort-apartments-ervin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with fresh bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those evenings in. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, whether it's a quick breakfast before exploring the city or a leisurely dinner with sea views. The added luxury of a terrace invites guests to unwind and revel in the picturesque surroundings.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Arteg Apartments - Superior is conveniently located 41 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 45 km from the adventure that awaits at the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 36 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

Arteg Apartments - Superior stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Durrës.