---\ntitle: "Artis Blue Relax"\ndescription: "Artis Blue Relax emerges as a serene oasis just a stone's throw away from the pristine Spille Beach in Himare, offering guests a harmonious blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373311543.jpg?k=0aa00c4b3016fa45a7b6d4c9781195bc394f8fb6816e78e78bd0663552d0339d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: artis-blue-relax\naddress: "Porti Himare, 1022 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10069968\n  lng: 19.74139053\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 53\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373311543.jpg?k=0aa00c4b3016fa45a7b6d4c9781195bc394f8fb6816e78e78bd0663552d0339d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525249851.jpg?k=d67f2be2b8649f1fad76d7ca3adb0294f33eb08c921a5f7094618e03c91acb77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525249856.jpg?k=d22671c987db3a8ba21ec4957ef1298e52e1534dfe10a89ea9144b3f88a8e142&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525249859.jpg?k=f2ccd873ecdd9382301418368f50907fdbe4c4afd3135a6e639121747ebffa93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373838660.jpg?k=424a8e47d09bf0d5e42cb92ab4aa848840e7a1bf49ea8f9140bae6b1f4573620&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373269767.jpg?k=d6904006e50dc6ed3f2ed6c7b7fca1e1ef009461b8e2111be852403aeab4421a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373269846.jpg?k=6f0df51166453f08a193641d0d2e955f105cf5f9e5b0c7f44bbbee7136f820ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373269839.jpg?k=098015ff3e0f06615d8dd88f0b3b1b26e2432cd99318a4dc4fd73f431d8b5bbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373269782.jpg?k=317200bc47a4dd9c88f1934e1658ad7edd739fad77675882e7eb12c2041d4504&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Esperia 20 m"\n  - "Manolo's 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 4 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 600 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 850 m"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 950 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kirti"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Artemis was a kind host who went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable. She had the best recommendations for things to do and places to eat. This was, in my view, the best property in the town of Himara. Having travelled in Europe...”"\n  - name: "Gisela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Delightful window seat right by the water, super close to the main beach strip with cafes and restaurants. Our wonderful host Artemis helped so much, and booked us onto a great boat trip.”"\n  - name: "Georgia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We couldn’t recommend Artis Blue enough, it was an absolute dream. From the moment we arrived Artemis was super friendly and helpful, she made our stay extra special. The room itself was as beautiful as the photos and really clean. The bed was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/artis-blue-relax.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Artis Blue Relax is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, with complimentary WiFi and private bathrooms enhancing the guest experience. The addition of patios and balconies in every room, offering breathtaking views of the sea or the city, invites guests to unwind in a setting that celebrates the beauty of its surroundings. For added peace of mind, safety deposit boxes are standard, and select rooms also offer the tranquility of garden views, further enriching the stay.

The promise of a delightful Italian breakfast each morning adds a touch of culinary excellence to the day, setting the tone for exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to notable beaches such as Maracit Beach, merely 700 meters away, and Prinos Beach, located 1.1 km from the property, positions Artis Blue Relax as an ideal base for beach lovers and those seeking to immerse themselves in the coastal charm of Himare.

Situated 144 km from Ioannina Airport, the hotel's location combines accessibility with the allure of a getaway, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking both adventure and serenity. With its blend of natural beauty, thoughtful amenities, and a commitment to guest comfort, Artis Blue Relax stands out as a distinguished destination for those visiting Himare.