---\ntitle: "Arti Vila"\ndescription: "Arti Vila emerges as a serene retreat in Ksamil, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105204510.jpg?k=54abb15af7823e2d57d061cdb2fd1671919a2ddcb12db4747ac88c44c71b25cf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: arti-vila\naddress: "Hoxha Tahsim Ksamil pashko vasa 12.3, 1023 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76456505\n  lng: 19.99804415\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105204510.jpg?k=54abb15af7823e2d57d061cdb2fd1671919a2ddcb12db4747ac88c44c71b25cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460303614.jpg?k=78640b2451a59d45ee545de31d27f214583455891474f711c15a2cf644eabb75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298311910.jpg?k=5d1dfe1d3707b486c9684f909f3f1ef46a5b15c7b4cb789a9616a78232f2b62f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402950886.jpg?k=931dec07c9d7f6b8def95c44d052331d590a399b5c5832a3c31387c2cf4f1ba3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254822842.jpg?k=9b88602719845b6158f7c9a3e3a7f381b573c0adb178fa95bcafd78249c3fbc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300865170.jpg?k=56a77cb3420a47d5ef384c74e7d44a084a32333b748ecbe29e4fdd5185d6da5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300864862.jpg?k=debaa9bf678c2d019f8faa8448d773c004375236794c67262201ffddb48404a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464565705.jpg?k=7c812203898dd0516725d5f5376864fee71cbf1a42f218872abdd2acd6836c29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/182337300.jpg?k=234c7057ce9323a307768c99399cf5b4470bd6172d1dae9020bb4f8eda5a4f3e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tulum Principotes Ksamil 200 m"\n  - "Fladeno Beach Restoraunt 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 350 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Super friendly and helpful host, Great spacious villa, with everything we needed. Clean and super breakfast, especially the home made jam made by Arti's mother It felt like experiencing a real part of Albania as Ksamil is quickly becoming full...”"\n  - name: "Susan"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Spacious, 5 min walk to the beach. Good space outside.”"\n  - name: "Lsov"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Excellent house, great facilities. And a very nice host.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arti-vila.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a well-appointed holiday home that features a spacious terrace overlooking the sea, designed to accommodate the modern traveler's needs. The home includes a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as an oven and a microwave. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, alongside an air-conditioned unit that comprises a bath and a dressing room, ensures a comfortable stay. Notably, the holiday home prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, catering to the well-being of all guests.

For those looking to unwind, Arti Vila offers a variety of leisure options. Guests can enjoy moments of relaxation in the bar or lounge area, and for convenience, a minimarket is available on-site. The property is a paradise for outdoor enthusiasts, with activities like fishing, canoeing, and hiking readily accessible. Moreover, families will appreciate the children's playground and the barbecue facilities, promising enjoyable moments for all ages.

Situated merely 500 meters from Lori Beach and a kilometer from Bora Bora Beach, the location is ideal for beach lovers. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 92 km away, making Arti Vila an accessible choice for a memorable getaway.

With its comprehensive amenities, including a free shuttle service, a shared kitchen, and luggage storage, Arti Vila stands out as a top choice for those seeking a blend of adventure and relaxation in the picturesque setting of Ksamil.