---\ntitle: "Artistic Tirana Blloku"\ndescription: "Artistic Tirana Blloku emerges as a vibrant oasis in the heart of Tirana's bustling Blloku Area, a mere 800 meters from the iconic Skenderberg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351358792.jpg?k=f562e150d9ad42d6bd9c2b95b796da3a1cd1fbc50ce886fd7b746e1e7b83abde&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: artistic-tirana-blloku\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frasheri- Bllok Area, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32198614\n  lng: 19.81339854\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1222\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351358792.jpg?k=f562e150d9ad42d6bd9c2b95b796da3a1cd1fbc50ce886fd7b746e1e7b83abde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359585215.jpg?k=9e2006e3c59e40cdf21d4bb2562042e202fe4431abfbc9555daafa1218c0887e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359585836.jpg?k=2a3cb7cddf603642ebbd8c3cf61e0ab9dd431a531bfa8ad0fd2db9dac82c76d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359585174.jpg?k=78c2729bd482ab40633420177f4c7a06c7df7c200a3a592047f434df5aa82cfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351358503.jpg?k=15c745c30b69f3399ad0eb53eae7b19b5692c92ffc5924ac7df4433505609949&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308109570.jpg?k=6b10aa4b2b6bf2be9fc44e2f09744ceac68cecfb9f14f12266eacfcfdca52b99&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cik Shik Bistro Bar 20 m"\n  - "Opa - Greek Street Food 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barez"\n    country: "Iraq"\n    text: "“Very good service Very kind employer in reception Always helpful Fair price for excellent hotel”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Kazakhstan"\n    text: "“We stayed in apartments owned by the hotel. They are not in the hotel building but across the street. They are bigger than in the photo, nice new renovation. There is an elevator, balcony, washer and dryer. The apartments have a great location....”"\n  - name: "Izaoura"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“I really like this place,is the second time i staied there . This time when i went,they had made the room warm and i really apreciated it,very thoughtful!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/midtown.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Artistic Tirana Blloku are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a sleek flat-screen TV, and select rooms feature a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a private bathroom equipped with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hair dryer in every room adds to the comfort of the stay.

Beyond the rooms, guests are invited to relax in a shared lounge, fostering a sense of community and connection among travelers. The hotel's prime location in the Block Area places guests at the epicenter of Tirana's culinary and nightlife scene, with some of the city's finest bars and restaurants just steps away.

Noteworthy landmarks such as the Sky Tower and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet are within easy reach, located 400 meters and 900 meters from the hotel, respectively. For those arriving by air, Tirana Airport is conveniently situated 14 km from Artistic Tirana Blloku, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property.

Artistic Tirana Blloku stands out as a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of artistic flair during their stay in Tirana.