---\ntitle: "As e vogël, As e madhe"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Ersekë with a stay at As e vogël, As e madhe, a hotel that stands out for its commitment to comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471909330.jpg?k=6fd10fa07db83bf317110631883148486345460ab2b1adbc31f7073cbb2e2ac5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: as-e-vog-l-as-e-madhe\naddress: "Sheshi \"Rilindja\", 7401 Ersekë, Albania"\ncity: "Ersekë"\nlocation: "Ersekë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.337326\n  lng: 20.679468\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471909330.jpg?k=6fd10fa07db83bf317110631883148486345460ab2b1adbc31f7073cbb2e2ac5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898942.jpg?k=e16d999395b164c91a55a227dbfba2e379a582eff19af637428ce761d26fb877&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898106.jpg?k=c81e35898a0132564971880087098702a39b6b65e7cfed739eec4e47944c47d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444341899.jpg?k=be0485c3aa894af155fb30f201e585e6120c19857bcfa7a7d4b8c1ff01c5d765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471908254.jpg?k=03d2ef8e0fefda08fe754fe94966dc27d41c547f0df2eebc1a92ed1e5ed635eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444341881.jpg?k=08c5821f0288762a2715424c549263f25f76045af05cb85be965d6d0bb5409e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room with Shower"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Gramozi 100 m"\n  - "Confectionery Gramozi 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pindus National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 52 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 92 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Donald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is the best, in the main square of this nice city. Nice person, the warmest welcome received during our tour in Albania. The bed was comfy and sheets and towels were immaculate. Highly recommended”"\n  - name: "Master"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The view was amazing, location is in the center of the city, service was awesome, everything is cool. Totally recommend”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The place was very nice, well arranged, with traditional details & located at the heart of the city.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/as-e-vogel-as-e-madhe-erseke3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at As e vogël, As e madhe are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is furnished with a wardrobe for personal belongings and features a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries and a shower. For those seeking a touch of home, select rooms boast a fully equipped kitchen, including a fridge, perfect for longer stays or those who prefer to prepare their own meals. Additionally, all rooms are furnished with a desk and a flat-screen TV, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Situated 112 km from Kastoria National Airport, the hotel offers a serene escape while remaining accessible for travelers. Whether visiting Ersekë for business or leisure, As e vogël, As e madhe promises a stay that combines comfort with convenience, making it a preferred choice for discerning guests.