---\ntitle: "Asss"\ndescription: "Asss emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Durrës, perfectly positioned for both tranquility and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474681564.jpg?k=dfa07fdf039e126392426e4e552e278085f2918689b764ca39c3e2263bb9e13f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: asss\naddress: "Rruga Toefik Skilja, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27367036\n  lng: 19.50237039\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474681564.jpg?k=dfa07fdf039e126392426e4e552e278085f2918689b764ca39c3e2263bb9e13f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oyster 1.1 km"\n  - "Sasso Bianco Ristorante 1.1 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-pura-durres1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nFor those intrigued by history and culture, Asss stands 42 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and an equal distance from the former residence of Enver Hoxha, offering a glimpse into Albania's rich past. The thrill-seekers will appreciate the proximity to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 46 km away, promising an unforgettable journey above the city's scenic landscapes.

Connectivity is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 36 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. The Durres Amphitheatre, an 11 km journey from the apartment, awaits those eager to explore one of the most significant cultural landmarks in the area.

Guests will find themselves spoiled for choice with dining options in the vicinity, ensuring that every palate is catered to. The entire property is enveloped in free WiFi, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world, should they choose to.

Asss is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to exploring the treasures of Durrës, offering comfort, convenience, and a touch of adventure for every traveler.