---\ntitle: "At Gjergj Fishta Apart-House SHKODER"\ndescription: "At Gjergj Fishta Apart-House SHKODER emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Shkodër, offering a unique blend of city and garden views that captivate the essence of the Shkoder County region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/xphoto/square64/180020413.webp?k=c4b8445f243ee918526bec63ed484c577676a69e9012953d0c964c12b3f61dbc&o=?t=1667909228"\nlanguage: en\nslug: at-gjergj-fishta-apart-house-shkoder\naddress: "Rruga Risto Siliqi, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06238176\n  lng: 19.51483532\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/xphoto/square64/180020413.webp?k=c4b8445f243ee918526bec63ed484c577676a69e9012953d0c964c12b3f61dbc&o=?t=1667909228"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/al/fb2cbf96bcebc05e7b4b8c533c756c27197c23dd.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493098834.jpg?k=3c0c8ae4c7a8210555e9fc7a37d3337b14a636eac7fb6c5d10080f72e56cb4a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493100332.jpg?k=3c78237a52e7d0676e601d791aeccac4bb4b1a31b793ea8485948f05613343c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493101757.jpg?k=433c7a11a0a1dee9f3095a4f0edcb26c7da7308bfc8d9a5db970f2d627df4862&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493103883.jpg?k=1744f201d6789fd84aa4ae5eacdb19c4b39ce78c4421f804f106c9e3a233cf18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/447892606.jpg?k=528cd838a6d957dfa1d60721ead7d2100f0c2dbf8006b4a8593a8ad20ed35f19&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (339 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet 30 m"\n  - "CLAUDIO CAFE 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.5 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marsid"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is perfect. The staff was amazing especially Klovi the manager who waited for us with a smile and gave us some homemade delicious food that they had cooked for themselves.
The room was very clean and spacious. It was simple but very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gestapo-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nThe guest house prides itself on its thoughtfully designed accommodations, featuring an air-conditioned suite with a separate bedroom, a cozy seating area, and a living room designed for relaxation. Guests are treated to the comfort of bathrobes, a flat-screen TV, a computer, and a smartphone, ensuring a stay that blends modern convenience with home-like comfort. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a laundry service underscores the guest house's attention to detail and dedication to guest satisfaction.

Mornings at At Gjergj Fishta Apart-House SHKODER begin with an Italian breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The convenience of an on-site minimarket adds to the ease of the stay, allowing guests to grab essentials without stepping far from their serene haven.

For those looking to explore the picturesque surroundings, the guest house offers a bicycle rental service, inviting guests to discover the beauty of Shkodër on two wheels. The area is renowned for its cycling-friendly routes, offering an immersive way to experience the local landscape.

Situated 59 km from Podgorica Airport, the property also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless journey to and from the accommodation. At Gjergj Fishta Apart-House SHKODER stands as a testament to the charm of Shkodër, offering a peaceful retreat with the promise of memorable experiences and unparalleled hospitality.