---\ntitle: "Atelier Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Atelier Boutique Hotel emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Shkodër, located a mere 49 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298391290.jpg?k=9b6e8eb3f24b3d6ad1a8fea5e8eb8a0b3a4ed54fa81b13f9ef8265f2957a4bb7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: atelier-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga 28 Nentori, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06521685\n  lng: 19.51270466\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 433\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298391290.jpg?k=9b6e8eb3f24b3d6ad1a8fea5e8eb8a0b3a4ed54fa81b13f9ef8265f2957a4bb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294490871.jpg?k=597e4e25acae350d4d25edd16e00c0260a7347fe17ab93d1496518e324797581&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294488305.jpg?k=fec49ec80f656f62b4802d552233012ca6bc9cc1f7448321e7643fd6e1dfeea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294488375.jpg?k=3f5ee736f042895049347f3e85ee7d21c689ce142d6eba0cfd41cc7d23138a11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294490820.jpg?k=4d064bb97230d2a2c379b38147ddc8b44be90dee1096c30de04866ff98bbec02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294490951.jpg?k=2b9812d040ab2de1b0af3ab7752f6a768bf836a5eb267700979aeb19f0887a83&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Manifatura 30 m"\n  - "Atelier & Boutique Hotel 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.6 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arsi"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Location - very central, literally on the main Boulevard
Room- has everything what one may expect, comfy bed, strong Wi-Fi, kettle and functional Air con.
Breakfast-served near the pub.found to be sufficient to start a day and explore the city”"\n  - name: "Zoje"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Pleasure to stay in a traditional house with the gentle care of nice people.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautiful and spacious rooms in a traditional building in the old town of Shkoder. The decor is lovely and everything is very comfortable and clean. Hotel is excellently situated nearby to the bus station, grocery store and lots of yummy...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/art-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Boutique Charm"\nbestCategories: "Boutique Charm"\ncategory: "Boutique Charm"\n---\n\nEach room at Atelier Boutique Hotel is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a refrigerator, minibar, and kettle, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with convenience. The presence of a shower, hairdryer, desk, and private bathroom, complemented by slippers and fresh bed linen, adds to the overall experience of refined hospitality.

For those who revel in the joy of basking under the sun, the hotel's sun terrace is a perfect spot. Cyclists will find Atelier Boutique Hotel particularly appealing, as the area is renowned for cycling opportunities, with bike hire readily available for guests eager to explore the surroundings.

Situated 58 km from Podgorica Airport, the hotel also offers a paid shuttle service, making it a convenient choice for travelers. Atelier Boutique Hotel stands out as a delightful base for visitors seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm.