---\ntitle: "Atrium Residency"\ndescription: "Atrium Residency emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365580349.jpg?k=7a1326077e527cb395baad7d40f77c143c9b08e58aa3b15387318cec042c8696&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: atrium-residency\naddress: "Rruga Selaudin Zorba A 2.1 Floor no.2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34444994\n  lng: 19.83104034\nprice: "US$67"\npriceFrom: 67\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 82\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365580349.jpg?k=7a1326077e527cb395baad7d40f77c143c9b08e58aa3b15387318cec042c8696&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365742011.jpg?k=a55ead4487b4abba3b19534f9cc08e20bd111f4d4fe460b312efa69a2e0fc533&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365738753.jpg?k=db2c0c7d8ba27beb198d447398fe6394d1f2aae0a8bc06f5a8aeba63c5bacc3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365739756.jpg?k=90c18ebcdeef6cb67b104eb909f9825e510b254bc48cc68cb1b9353eb5be0c18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367657666.jpg?k=b897ed53223b265faed303046ee13a2452251834ee2bac792658192928f9731b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364605695.jpg?k=d11e5896b098f07cd128846fb1d6edf2be5ae0e8e7e2a1218dc266313da865e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364605664.jpg?k=39673ac533c35142d519e00fd06a7800dcf973acf65e53cbb5846ff083923fde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364654769.jpg?k=92bc11a3392b0497791e52ee4b416c5dc39be6f9d46c1431495ee0c9c55a3a45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359862009.jpg?k=5eee10e90f022dece9d75406239f93ab7f87518be7d2ec524463e1d0ccb3b82e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 5 200 m"\n  - "Nevada Caffe 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fatma"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host is very kind lady. We have never met, she managed it with phone easily. It was easy to check in and check out. The flat was clean. Duvet cover sets and towels smells nice and clean. There is air conditioning for heating, we find it...”"\n  - name: "Edona"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely, clean, spacious and well-equipped apartment with beautiful views. The host was very kind and easy to reach, and there were clear instructions for checking in and out. Stunning views from the balcony which was great for watching the sunrise...”"\n  - name: "Amalia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Great, brand new apartment. Very beautifully decorated, well organised with everything you can possibly imagine and ask. Very kind hostess. You could definitely live there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/atrium-residency.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony boasting breathtaking mountain views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, adding a touch of personalization to their stay. The convenience of two bathrooms, equipped with a bidet, alongside the thoughtful provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a comfortable and hassle-free experience.

Guests at Atrium Residency benefit from complimentary private parking, ensuring ease of access for those exploring by car. The availability of free WiFi throughout the apartment and the reassurance of a 24-hour front desk service further enhance the guest experience, providing both connectivity and security.

Situated a comfortable distance from cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the apartment serves as an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture. Moreover, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers.

In summary, Atrium Residency stands as a testament to the blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it a highly recommended stay for those visiting Tirana.