---\ntitle: "AURA APARTMENTS"\ndescription: "Aura Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457112142.jpg?k=2df43b4905d99c487ad75aae6faf764d46ee382adc49fdc582b5514093cfe2a1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aura-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1021 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32492473\n  lng: 19.8095947\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457112142.jpg?k=2df43b4905d99c487ad75aae6faf764d46ee382adc49fdc582b5514093cfe2a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457112430.jpg?k=175c51fd033b828b3305f945e396f6b3feedd8ac7628d3aa46ee6a5a8109a14e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457111962.jpg?k=6855ce879b82a17243db93cc9147f8762dffa5db1ea8c3eb8a57d5110414d2d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457113832.jpg?k=985f69915853344fa06e05bc147921093b157e07b5904204b6a45d9dd9742741&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457112248.jpg?k=67bffbf5034affb30e63c2298aeeec2f2710af1eee0f10d02285bb472b57b5e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457114015.jpg?k=8e6aa527014b5aa14ec7bc29023ec9c9756958d3229cc9ba3a5d0078af5d5834&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457111725.jpg?k=6d005e0f1e85befe4e5394f1851faef482fcb6e5091faf1942ac93d770450e3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457114914.jpg?k=cbffce4a261d072f66bd373d19558c94c8bd702718ec833e64a387b4c54a2e58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457113617.jpg?k=29eafe62486d35b247b55932e896df7a9981348f7b4e4212b8c9cab205f4add5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "CaffeMio 40 m"\n  - "Oreksi Self Service 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alian"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Aura Apartment exceeded all my expectations. The view from this penthouse is absolutely stunning, and the spaciousness of the place is impressive. Located in the Blloku area, it's just a minute's walk to trendy cafes and restaurants. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aura-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen is ready to cater to any culinary need, featuring an oven, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. Comfort is further accentuated with the provision of fresh towels and bed linen, ensuring a homely experience. It's worth noting, the premises are dedicated to providing a smoke-free environment.

Situated in a location that's both tranquil and central, Aura Apartments is just a stone's throw away from some of Tirana's most notable attractions. Guests can easily access Skanderbeg Square for a dive into the local culture, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and Rinia Park for a leisurely stroll. Moreover, the convenience of being 14 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for both international visitors and those on short stays.

In summary, Aura Apartments stands out as an exemplary choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and connectivity.