---\ntitle: "Aura"\ndescription: "Aura stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, located just a stone's throw away from Ri Beach and a short stroll from Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974759.jpg?k=9e461c554bbc1641cbb939673652d454a6575fc2706c62e340d8ef28d7a1f439&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aura\naddress: "7 Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43766928\n  lng: 19.4957133\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974759.jpg?k=9e461c554bbc1641cbb939673652d454a6575fc2706c62e340d8ef28d7a1f439&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974894.jpg?k=bb38b32d923eba0e7bc9dba3e5406c72fcc4737cc72e8e3611bad223730e24dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974888.jpg?k=161242120474feaf99b3476c5fca915f728c20df7412b83f784f3cc966460180&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974910.jpg?k=ea611c5e5c32c55fa6a066bf34c74f1d1fe76e731ab18831015f778ef5e7b7ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463728379.jpg?k=9052d66d9733f05a2e6555eb8c3d06f05d9600c7d7574bfb6c191a3cbac7c553&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974938.jpg?k=dd20c2f495463a5f7acfb356314cd1dd973264156ac48ec84cf2e968d141b974&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974954.jpg?k=1f8edeee762f3c2733670128f4eefc85de680f76a2bb311ad9893f6317b988b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435974924.jpg?k=e5a029915a9c806a0c821d83e7278883ee516455aecfa565f29b83500d102d21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495653045.jpg?k=98bf5d61a6b00a9f466b17f38bcd0d78b1fafdc3d54078a0beaa8d96645afbc6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Titanic 10 m"\n  - "Bujar 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 150 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrej"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The host is very kind and polite. The apartment exceeded our expectations:) Clean and fully equipped with everything you need for comfortable stay. There is private parking in the building and the building and the parking are secured with guard....”"\n  - name: "Flying_fox"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“I enjoyed staying in this apartment, it's very cozy and feels like home. New, clean and tidy apartment. Beautiful view from the balcony. Beach is across the road, lots of restaurants around. You can find many amenities for your comfortable stay...”"\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El anfitrión fue muy amable y atento y el alojamiento es tal cual se muestra en las fotos, muy espacioso y bien equipado, repetiríamos sin duda”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aura.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation excels in offering a serene retreat with its air-conditioned spaces, including a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and a cozy seating area. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a modern bathroom fitted with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay. One of the highlights is the balcony that presents an idyllic setting for meals in the outdoor dining area, where guests can soak in the breathtaking sea views.

For those looking to explore local cuisine, a variety of dining options are conveniently located near the apartment. Aura's strategic location also places it within easy reach of notable landmarks, including Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, situated 3.8 km and 4 km away, respectively. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km from the property, making Aura an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

With its combination of prime location, exclusive beach access, and well-furnished accommodations, Aura emerges as a top-tier choice for those seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and vibrancy of Vlorë.