---\ntitle: "Aurora appartment"\ndescription: "Aurora Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462767702.jpg?k=b9b88731dc038cfafd957a557fbfdebd235331b73d5930ff3c3f74aa9083c58b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: aurora-appartment\naddress: "Street \"Tish Dahia\" no.49 Stair 4; 5-th floor, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31595252\n  lng: 19.80522916\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462767702.jpg?k=b9b88731dc038cfafd957a557fbfdebd235331b73d5930ff3c3f74aa9083c58b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462770668.jpg?k=572008b0299d3d6aa83236eeb84a1309801a261cbc5169878ad6e04f1ac0dedd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462773794.jpg?k=7b1f1d419559141312ef2fe3edbb23118788ec0429526c18408bdc5f21cb3344&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462769475.jpg?k=b5f321380154a5a0a6f92873b4cbff81a08bb09f55c4b6d4ca94069a51752a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462768443.jpg?k=fff620b72737ddbe9c81e1b8b78316645a8fbc3ba729d44d78a6c7f3f124abb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514121408.jpg?k=4a3bb11bd935db30f62c9cbf4a4ed85b4f562e90ab0d0534acc136ee86dfe533&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462769911.jpg?k=94c3528fedd6ea076cb79df79b962930b57f29df84a91ea368dea6e8c514ff3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462773143.jpg?k=377105aa4532429234b32153018bb170e6a302ba982e509541401d7c8332234c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514120857.jpg?k=8d716ac90e90a38dda63df7f553cde1df0be8a3aa820db3c7956a8b09b3f42dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514120638.jpg?k=db517fde3b832da151636e86988ab98aacc08af7faf7e366649f869bc0fe3fe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462765565.jpg?k=9413eeb24289a8459829f7fdaee26777d2670677f909d972977c6a989648cca7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325037265.jpg?k=0e6238800c9b6674e829f13bb8fae9284879cb9ed6588cf61a5b41db6625b21a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chakra Jone 40 m"\n  - "The City Grill 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandar"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Excellent location, 5th floor, quiet and cozy, everything inside (including several different appliances to make coffee :-) ). Very pleasant host, fluent in English, and very open to any suggestions for improvement - if you need anything just ask....”"\n  - name: "Alda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is very cozy and clean, and it’s situated in one of the nicest quarters of Tirana. Perparim is very friendly and helpful. I also have to add that the can of coca cola in the refrigerator was very thoughtful, especially in a hot...”"\n  - name: "Yasmine74"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect 👍🏻The apartment is well located, close to the city center. Well equipped. The owner is very friendly. We will be back soon 🔜”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aurora-appartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essential linens and towels, and a living area complete with a flat-screen TV and a dining space. The fully equipped kitchen invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, while the balcony offers breathtaking mountain views, adding a touch of serenity to the morning coffee or evening unwind. For those concerned about privacy and security, the apartment provides peace of mind with its private entrance and round-the-clock security.

Catering to the needs of all guests, Aurora Apartment includes a snack bar and offers the convenience of packed lunches for those planning day trips. Families traveling with children will find the children's playground and kids' club particularly appealing, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. Moreover, the availability of both bicycle and car rental services on-site encourages exploration of Tirana's rich cultural landscape.

Situated in proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to delve into the city's historical and cultural offerings. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, making Aurora Apartment an accessible and attractive option for both short and extended stays in Tirana.