---\ntitle: "Auto Tana Guest House"\ndescription: "Auto Tana Guest House emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of city views and lush garden tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156605.jpg?k=42a0c86e809295f96a6d6f1194a871d6b261a5a6f8860b4b9edb95c10de116cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: auto-tana-guest-house\naddress: "Rr Dritan Hoxha, 8210 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33402476\n  lng: 19.80125008\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 344\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156605.jpg?k=42a0c86e809295f96a6d6f1194a871d6b261a5a6f8860b4b9edb95c10de116cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156608.jpg?k=30df487f3a204dd178e0d2f8ad670a0dd9ef4cb346f2bb6c643a1dc4a116a012&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156593.jpg?k=46c225fb5b6793f6e60fe3e815ae7ba47179914aa0b86de641b32241d64b0a0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156611.jpg?k=d11feafce848abdb58708815618711bfaa9f03e56001c24eecf4ed6647e7eef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156626.jpg?k=d8c39e5fa5cf52d39a36b18b312cf7f59e9e2125e6ffd5fede8181388a198aac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404156618.jpg?k=714c6bf2416ee24098ea1fb118dd7e41575f2dff26a3d8a895edf9856b4b9619&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oslo Bar 50 m"\n  - "Le Bon 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Owners we friendly and offered to pick me up from the airport for a lower fee than a taxi would have cost. Apartment was located right next to the bus station, so it was perfect for me. They also allowed me to keep my bags at their store next...”"\n  - name: "Siti"\n    country: "Malaysia"\n    text: "“The place is indeed very close to the bus station. Despite the exterior of the building, you will be suprised to see the interior of the place - it is very modern & stylish! Equipped with all necessary stuff, a comfortable bed and nice hot...”"\n  - name: "Laurelie"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Location, exceptional value. Comfy bed, plenty of hot water and big shower in big bathroom! Spotless clean. Light breakfast delivered to your room included. Hospitality plus!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/auto-tana-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis bed and breakfast stands out for its commitment to comfort, offering air-conditioned accommodations that promise a restful retreat after a day of adventure. Family rooms are available, catering to those traveling in groups, ensuring a cozy stay for all. Select units boast garden views, allowing guests to wake up to a serene landscape, all while enjoying the privacy of their own bathroom.

For those eager to explore, Auto Tana Guest House is within easy reach of Tirana's most cherished landmarks, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, the guest house serves as an ideal base for both international travelers and those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture. Auto Tana Guest House stands as a testament to the charm and hospitality that Tirana has to offer, making it a must-visit for anyone looking to experience the city in a truly intimate and comfortable manner.