---\ntitle: "Avenue by the Sea -Pamje Deti"\ndescription: "Avenue by the Sea - Pamje Deti emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Golem, positioned merely a short stroll from the serene Mali I Robit Beach and the vibrant Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488832353.jpg?k=9f13a0db7bf8083eff3943831bf301ba3f3a4b907e2e60c73c4bbe0eb9e84659&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: avenue-by-the-sea-pamje-deti\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali 2, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24447694\n  lng: 19.52162923\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488832353.jpg?k=9f13a0db7bf8083eff3943831bf301ba3f3a4b907e2e60c73c4bbe0eb9e84659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311892.jpg?k=1856b42d975da4319f4cbefdf94a3a372ace337ef96561431748f26e923bcb8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311918.jpg?k=31b020432baed968fd1b0d7b98e578844174fd1863044c69539f4e11a0fe416a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311921.jpg?k=98df6e5afd9338728d12a9cd32db69ba71443db16f73da6d6b0e010eb6018a7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311923.jpg?k=a9f568c319a36cbf59ca021da3a4c6f3a9bb50c42db6a1ec0093a35ec09b9eb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311925.jpg?k=35e16da85a36d5836f504afe7159647d15a9f72d1cacb1c4a6eca582f6f034dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/488311928.jpg?k=c020bff77d9f8476fe7ee3bc0820bec3d8bc96568a7b16bba347546854652b69&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brutal by Flower 250 m"\n  - "Serena 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 250 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 450 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/avenue-by-the-sea-pamje-deti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in modern living, featuring a single bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those inspired to cook, and a bathroom that caters to the essentials. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to leisure at their fingertips.

Strategically located, Avenue by the Sea - Pamje Deti is a mere 2.4 km from the tranquil Qerret Beach and within a reasonable distance of 46 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, offering a perfect blend of beachside relaxation and cultural exploration. The property maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje is just 4.8 km away, presenting an opportunity for adventurous outings.

For those interested in Albania's rich history, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also 46 km from the apartment, while the ancient Durres Amphitheatre is only 16 km away, promising a dive into the country's storied past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 40 km from the property, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Avenue by the Sea - Pamje Deti is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and history of Golem and its surroundings, making it an ideal spot for travelers looking for a blend of relaxation, convenience, and exploration.