---\ntitle: "Avi - Daily Rent Apartment"\ndescription: "Avi - Daily Rent Apartment emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location that places guests within arm's reach of the city's most iconic landmarks, including the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Pyramid of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494113419.jpg?k=f2c5486e7327d0dd792a5336d598a0d1ed591115a99193e5f54c7d1589869b00&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: avi-daily-rent-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Maksim Artioti, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31858082\n  lng: 19.8386727\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494113419.jpg?k=f2c5486e7327d0dd792a5336d598a0d1ed591115a99193e5f54c7d1589869b00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494113459.jpg?k=9456005587220e6c880859121ce7f6eee3851c7a0a6d5d1de29558a8cd4f1ddd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494113464.jpg?k=35c7d9d7416b2a4f7b8196e4f6b4342ad43b6cb6fb2e57206782b8cd8d6751a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495395084.jpg?k=252f99660a723d83c1aecab8fefd6fda2b3592b2649654f6021a9a09716904bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495395181.jpg?k=cec4540ed2dda1981a9e2684e29fe5366004f9872522621fd333294d59a1c3b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495395085.jpg?k=29122f00bc8bc5d602907fe67887803fcd375989639251436b47d88798aacb45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494113458.jpg?k=518230fac2aa6042f2baacce2eebbef5c7961994cf46c6ee1de91656bc9d3eb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495395229.jpg?k=e1f56da820b7750ec0cf389166f0fbd1ba88f011e3fac35a8a14a4ccff425ebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495395185.jpg?k=3b745c88976bce84f53711d8383821e3b4e040196fad25aaf02308f520924a2c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food-Piceri Ami 40 m"\n  - "Henri BAR 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 800 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It was a great place to stay in Tirana - we stayed for 5 days. The apartment is very spacious - 2 bedrooms, a living room with kitchen, a corridor and a bathroom - all well equipped and brand new. The area is full of cheap shops and cafes, though...”"\n  - name: "Vladimíra"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice and clean apartment. Quiet location near by the city centrum, free parking near by. The staff was very helpfull.”"\n  - name: "Paulina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment gave us a lot of space. Everything was new and clean, it smelled nice 👌 Comfortable beds, big kitchen and bathroom, smart TV. The host was very helpful, answered all of our questions, offered help with parking and luggage. If we come...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/avi-daily-rent-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring a spacious layout with one separate bedroom, a bathroom, and a living room adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area and oven, invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, making it an ideal choice for both short and extended stays. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Avi - Daily Rent Apartment, with soundproofing and a private entrance allowing guests to enjoy their stay without disturbance. For those looking to explore the wider area, the property facilitates adventure through its airport transfer service and the availability of a car rental service.

Situated just 2.7 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, the apartment serves as a perfect base for exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views of the city from above, is a mere 6.2 km away, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 2.1 km from the doorstep. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being only 18 km away cannot be overstated.

Avi - Daily Rent Apartment stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of modernity in their Tirana accommodations.