---\ntitle: "Azure Inn Hotel"\ndescription: "Azure Inn Hotel stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Mango Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098899.jpg?k=b515c62cdb9879dc7084785db620e8446840ebd4a151d622f270f60a16488b11&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: azure-inn-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Sarande - Butrint Kanali i Cukes, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85072872\n  lng: 20.02245978\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 171\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098899.jpg?k=b515c62cdb9879dc7084785db620e8446840ebd4a151d622f270f60a16488b11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098903.jpg?k=4f2efa82be1efb219519b0c0d830fc88fc46cc82a435d978ed43e4f53b568464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454099136.jpg?k=3d73c28a1396d9791a668b75f4da01c3390b332080799c48d19e0109a67e4066&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098893.jpg?k=e2c1a89a7d7bf8b6822f97630227b301da22fcf29048676f4f1f7ec15d94b4ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098948.jpg?k=9e3dccf5ae7f88b5b2c500caceb85d51014da9cf1ef543fc3b1100e60215940d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454098816.jpg?k=5c0eb35fda5589a36ab861f50f7cdde449cb3ac4028274a344ed6662fa134a8e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Partial Sea View - Ground Floor"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Terrace - Ground Floor"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace - Ground Floor"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Partial Sea View - Ground Floor"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Partial Sea View - Ground Floor"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony and Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin + Sofa Bed with Balcony and Side Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Clubitalianelmondo 100 m"\n  - "Sunrise 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 450 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 900 m"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 200 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 950 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lukasz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice modern, clean hotel. Good breakfast nice staff.”"\n  - name: "Jose"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We liked the second room we had
(301)large with a lovely sea view”"\n  - name: "Helena"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Very nice room with a very comfortable mattress. Staff were very friendly and got us breakfast before the stipulated time as we had to leave for the bus earlier.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/azure-inn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to service, featuring a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs, efficient airport transfer services, and ample luggage storage space. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or share their memorable experiences instantly.

Rooms at Azure Inn Hotel are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of relaxation, equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries, making for a refreshing start or end to the day. Select rooms also boast balconies, offering guests their own private vista to enjoy the serene surroundings. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

The hotel's location is ideal for beach enthusiasts, with Flamingo Beach just 500 meters away and the scenic Santa Quaranta Beach within a 1.1 km reach. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the hotel, making Azure Inn Hotel an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors seeking a tranquil escape by the sea.