---\ntitle: "B & B Pogradec"\ndescription: "B & B Pogradec emerges as a serene beachfront haven, strategically positioned to offer both tranquility and easy access to some of the region's most captivating landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881446.jpg?k=99ab1829e47dd6704658f1a93aaa07ec47657054e5755d5178922608975d10f9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: b-b-pogradec\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90527762\n  lng: 20.6527485\nprice: "US$84"\npriceFrom: 84\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881446.jpg?k=99ab1829e47dd6704658f1a93aaa07ec47657054e5755d5178922608975d10f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881475.jpg?k=f406b225bbd870cf158c7002ecf13b135431308f11fa6f0e4b5ce3785026123a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881463.jpg?k=1d6f38ea6769631fca0f0541f643ba92b2d404863d9cb9f3453e6c2160d0e45e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881451.jpg?k=eb40690854a7bb727d19f6a7a250f39b3a7aecd8fe2a2f59c8f56021cd9a55bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881478.jpg?k=d1eaa48cb45f8043f0a884210177ace344ab002d35e9813e92d18ecd7fce7d51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881508.jpg?k=041b3ddc5ac8fa795a0dc1e7c243a7b652403c2223322b8c4123260b8c16e2ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881511.jpg?k=d593118a887be469bd6b81da23bea2ce2556549df3c6aaa1cef9a1a3b00eeea7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881436.jpg?k=8304a0c1ba25cd7b9040e713249469062f8673e724f57a907f8441390114a45c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374881516.jpg?k=f74d9f74cd6f579a2ece5c6d0dab2d09b5bc2c267a511939d9498ce91140fc26&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 200 m"\n  - "Bakery Kosovari 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 15 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“A very comfortable and spacious ground floor apartment (very new!). The location is excellent: at the lake side (just have to cross the road) steps away from the buzzy center. Coffee bars, bike rental etc. all within walking distance.
Great to...”"\n  - name: "Mieke"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Prachtig appartement. Genoeg ruimte voor ons gezin van 6. Klein tuintje erbij. Het ligt dicht bij allerlei faciliteiten, boulevard, strand, centrum, locatie was top. De gastvrouw was enorm vriendelijk en behulpzaam, wij hebben enorm genoten hier!”"\n  - name: "Francisco"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Todo muy bien. Buena comunicación y mucha amabilidad. Junto al lago y a escasos minutos del centro. Aparcamiento en la misma puerta.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/b-amp-b-pogradec-pogradec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with its thoughtfully designed spacious apartment, which boasts three elegantly appointed bedrooms and three well-equipped bathrooms, ensuring ample space and privacy for guests. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area and microwave, allows visitors the flexibility to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home comfort to their stay. The living room, anchored by a sleek flat-screen TV, provides a cozy setting for relaxation after a day of exploration.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are invited to unwind in the property's lush garden, offering a peaceful respite amidst nature. 

While its location offers a secluded getaway, B & B Pogradec remains within reach of notable attractions, including the mystical Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Early Christian Basilica, both located approximately 40 km away. For those looking to venture further, Port Ohrid and the Church of St. John at Kaneo are also accessible, situated 41 km from the property. Conveniently, Ohrid Airport is just 47 km away, facilitating travel arrangements for guests.

B & B Pogradec stands out as a non-smoking establishment, emphasizing a commitment to providing a clean and healthy environment for its visitors. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to cultural and natural landmarks, this property is a compelling choice for travelers seeking an immersive experience in Pogradec.