---\ntitle: "B&B - Private Rooms"\ndescription: "B&B - Private Rooms emerges as a standout homestay in the heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427560820.jpg?k=328e5310a879d2acd6bb1590a83ef136a2d51907bbe1acf47a32c3b66966a116&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: b-b-private-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Thoma Filipeu Shkalla 1, apartamenti 24, kati 6, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34848466\n  lng: 19.85763204\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 106\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427560820.jpg?k=328e5310a879d2acd6bb1590a83ef136a2d51907bbe1acf47a32c3b66966a116&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426265940.jpg?k=2827707fc615481a0a0f0be49b1577960d7f8161156142a3b2ac58b1e6f4019e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426266880.jpg?k=d504b4fd4201e37825c3f8ad778dba62b33596f4bee33fe8dbc69fc79e37692e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468505418.jpg?k=302fba2861b3992afba0842e5ba771788c74eddfb4882d5e2683a20ef9ec1e9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426668799.jpg?k=980f222e9b5ad29a5ba89e3c40adc1432f76b407fc4c9c12ea13e7ce74c2535c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426265650.jpg?k=08a66e3ca6b9a64fa3e3c275c9ddd593e4d1c383e0fed60557612f20a3ac2564&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (10 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lafamiglia 100 m"\n  - "Pizza Bledi 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.7 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 3.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.6 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shamsuddin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The place is perfect as described. Very good location, clean, helpful owner, good breakfast served. I enjoyed my stay and I would love to stay there again. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Ene"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“The location is excellent, just a walk from Dajti Express. Flat is nice, with a comfortable bedroom and big balcony, host is an interesting person sharing lots of stories about history and life today.”"\n  - name: "Tatu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Everything was great, the breakfast, the bed, the bathroom, the view but espacially the host, which is one of the most pleasant human being we ever met. Thank you for everything, we’ll definitely come back when we are in Tirane again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/private-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking and the seamless connectivity of free WiFi throughout the premises. The property elevates the homestay experience by offering access to a terrace where one can soak in the urban panorama, alongside a casino that promises evenings filled with excitement.

Each unit within B&B - Private Rooms is designed to be a home away from home. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a seating area, a dining space, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to every culinary need, from an oven to a stovetop. The charm of the accommodations is further enhanced by balconies that provide not just outdoor dining options but also breathtaking mountain views. The thoughtful addition of wine or champagne, fruits, and chocolates or cookies in every room adds a touch of indulgence to the stay.

For those seeking leisure within the homestay, a coffee shop and a minimarket are conveniently located on-site. The property doesn't stop there; it encourages exploration of the surrounding area with bike and car hire services, making it perfect for guests keen on cycling or embarking on walking tours. Families will find the children's playground and picnic area particularly appealing, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Situated 5.5 km from Skanderbeg Square and 5.7 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, B&B - Private Rooms serves as an ideal base for guests looking to explore Tirana's rich history and culture. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 17 km away, with the homestay offering a paid airport shuttle service for a hassle-free journey.

In essence, B&B - Private Rooms is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of a homely setting.