---\ntitle: "B&B Champagne, Vlore Bay"\ndescription: "B&B Champagne, Vlore Bay, emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372817445.jpg?k=990ac631820489312ce262ff65800573596507d12c04f7b0d12d8a25f055885f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: b-b-champagne-vlore-bay\naddress: "Street Radhime - Orikum, near Electric Station, 1000 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.35316064\n  lng: 19.48507296\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 72\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372817445.jpg?k=990ac631820489312ce262ff65800573596507d12c04f7b0d12d8a25f055885f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452346925.jpg?k=9fce749d2f06b04de297f0d8b7e4d83ebcc198df8b5ac77c0f51192ff2cac0f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470093012.jpg?k=8ccec8432b162be6788ec125ef0a4aea966d7a05a46edb20a7c0c98e22782379&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452346916.jpg?k=f8d1ce2208fc609b4611c1a376413255a9514d27d9b06dbb11602b4ef9e17bd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452345713.jpg?k=02c2c1b360d5caca6fa6e0a41a62d5eacfb0447dca006daec6d720c174e63704&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452351759.jpg?k=60e079d79a1d5a8d51e9e3668ad9f62f30dd79733b634377864f91492b133eef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470093013.jpg?k=4ab8b5092335fa50bae670c37ac0ddcd44cd851207e2e664f13f0a539c564ddf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452340309.jpg?k=a503e0179ab4307b9e15612e494c07b43eeb36a3c487d620927517946c328976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470093017.jpg?k=d304bfb9403de2621900caa8dad41e9008a58e969640a9ed3391bb6394099b85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arbri 20 m"\n  - "Blue Lobster Fish & More 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 10 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 500 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Kevi Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 13 km"\n  - "Independence Square 13 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Location - 30 seconds from the beach (although we were lucky, because we got there at the end of the day and could use the sunbeds without anyone asking us for money cause the beach bar had already closed)
Staff - the owner was superbly nice, he...”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“At first I thought that it won't be good value for money but I was wrong. Everything is high quality except coffee - it's a capsule coffee
Staff is amazing and very involved.
You won't eat better breakfast anywhere else in Albania. Worth to...”"\n  - name: "Sabarish"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“Fantastic people, great room, amazing breakfast and a beach right outside!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bb-champagne.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary private parking, a rarity in such a prime location. The property doesn't just stop at offering convenience; it extends its hospitality to include a range of facilities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From the on-site restaurant serving a variety of delectable dishes to the availability of free WiFi across the premises, B&B Champagne, Vlore Bay ensures a seamless and connected stay. The inclusion of a lift and room service further underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort and satisfaction.

Accommodations at B&B Champagne are thoughtfully appointed, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights, a seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment. The safety of guests is taken into account with the provision of a safety deposit box in each unit. Private bathrooms come equipped with a bath, slippers, and a hair dryer, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Select units boast balconies furnished with outdoor seating, offering stunning sea views that promise to captivate.

The bed and breakfast distinguishes itself with its breakfast offerings. Each morning, guests are treated to a choice of Continental and Italian breakfast options, including warm dishes, local specialties, and freshly baked pastries, ensuring a delightful start to the day. An on-site bar provides a cozy spot for evening relaxation.

Located just 1.2 km from Baro Beach and 15 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, B&B Champagne, Vlore Bay serves as an ideal base for exploring the area's attractions. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 164 km away, making the property accessible for international travelers.

In summary, B&B Champagne, Vlore Bay stands out as a premier choice for guests seeking a memorable stay in Vlorë, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and service.