---\ntitle: "B Vishe Guest House"\ndescription: "B Vishe Guest House, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër and a mere 43 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, offers guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379544056.jpg?k=99d1b07edf601950e5d7fda56c35109fecef58d4af051f72ad8ba64f0495230f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: b-vishe-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Gjin Zenebishi, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07766219\n  lng: 20.14458366\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379544056.jpg?k=99d1b07edf601950e5d7fda56c35109fecef58d4af051f72ad8ba64f0495230f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379544016.jpg?k=89a42c12e301f683a5088683f1bd6777f7423100c836ef90add427a51a5a2ccb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384739498.jpg?k=d74eb98af03d2e0d3ffed5c46baacc573f518ff7330ba1db6d6d7a4e3d9e51c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379544020.jpg?k=dc5bab0937d138ea87dbd5913eef7c3663d20ca8b296a851dd59fb55feb4733e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384809484.jpg?k=f8ece8c0658838cef7beaf3a9059cda40f24f55ddfbcb1f8ea140ce12b7629c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379544001.jpg?k=c419620f713bcb70879eb3eef4e13bac6ee6da1831cc9afd7814906b4da6d813&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gliko Snack Bar & Pastisserie 200 m"\n  - "Bukowski Bar 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Fantastic view of the mountains. Modern and clean rooms. Located only 10 min away from the old town.”"\n  - name: "Mirangel"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The room was very comfy and clean- great views from the balcony as well.
Value for money was really good, probably one of our fav places to stay in Albania!”"\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very clean and new place. It has a balcony with an amazing view. It's definately good value for the money and it close to the main tourist area of gjirokaster. I'd 100% recommend it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vishe-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at B Vishe Guest House is thoughtfully designed with a balcony, allowing guests to soak in the city's panoramic views right from their private space. The accommodations are well-appointed with modern amenities including a TV, a private bathroom, and, for those who need to stay connected, complimentary WiFi. The addition of a wardrobe in each room ensures that guests can easily organize their belongings during their stay.

The guest house is not just about comfortable lodging; it's about providing a seamless experience. The bilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk are always on hand to offer guests insightful advice about the local area, ensuring that every stay is as enriching as it is relaxing.

For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is conveniently located 82 km away, making B Vishe Guest House an accessible retreat for both domestic and international visitors. With its combination of prime location, exceptional service, and tranquil surroundings, this guest house stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Gjirokastër.