---\ntitle: "B4 Dusk Apartments R"\ndescription: "B4 Dusk Apartments R emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344501.jpg?k=e7a8ed29c41e32d27907fc0cf90a758a3d15ad882a055205cc1f06684848576c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: b4-dusk-apartments-r\naddress: "Rruga Sazani, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45785167\n  lng: 19.46914407\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344501.jpg?k=e7a8ed29c41e32d27907fc0cf90a758a3d15ad882a055205cc1f06684848576c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364575162.jpg?k=f2c94583498227367fe30f2e2d5134dcf04d1d7e64e4632b592fb7e1cc695ffe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344398.jpg?k=f285e4542be0f99fe7a315e46adeb1dd1951fa6b8c14c66237427fa8b8b8b70b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364575167.jpg?k=9fea88288c9254cdbff87bfb249a508fcbc6e69e05fabd73be86214c24b9fbfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364576899.jpg?k=1d5c1eb59fe2ae457003b67691594e75612ffc88226c7c0aadc6e7120f8c8713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344344.jpg?k=8ec74e5bcdacb8b8dab9319ac718226e50cc6dc7b031ff6345808bee8dd87d63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344470.jpg?k=57a4d383eebf5475fefaaedfadcb36efe288f0e94767f07188c79084293aae84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356344570.jpg?k=7af18c7b4cf6486d09106a197f317c1e8fb72ea9419fc1b16fad4dcca94de669&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364575158.jpg?k=083a901f598b444c69f5cee603e50d9d479dd229488165090cf0ee71bd49da8c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 100 m"\n  - "Love Beach 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 100 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Engjellush"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and Mrs. Arba was very kind. I absolutely recommend this apartment. Thank you”"\n  - name: "Natalie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice modern apartment with large balcony. On the beach front with small shop on the ground floor. Friendly owners.”"\n  - name: "Avenir"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location! The apartment was clean and nice. The host was very kind. We had a good time here with our child!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/b4-dusk-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at B4 Dusk Apartments R are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that come equipped with a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment, and a fully furnished kitchen. The inclusion of a dining area, safety deposit box, and a private bathroom with thoughtful amenities like bathrobes and a hairdryer, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a hotel. Moreover, each unit is thoughtfully supplied with bed linen and towels, highlighting the complex's attention to detail.

For those who enjoy preparing their own meals, the kitchens are well-appointed with an oven, fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle, catering to all culinary needs. The property also prides itself on being accessible, offering family rooms and facilities for disabled guests, ensuring a welcoming experience for all.

Adding to the convenience, B4 Dusk Apartments R provides a car rental service, making exploration of the surrounding area effortless. Guests can venture out to the nearby Vlore Beach, located just 2.7 km away, or explore the historical Independence Square, a mere 3.4 km from the property. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making B4 Dusk Apartments R an ideal base for both short and long stays.

With its combination of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful design, B4 Dusk Apartments R stands out as a premier choice for those visiting Vlorë, whether for leisure or business.