---\ntitle: "Baci Apartments"\ndescription: "Baci Apartments stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the captivating shores of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261756218.jpg?k=aa1665ae80186fcc9b2dd0e89b4ca354c5592aa5ee412f295013ac186e00a410&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: baci-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77779151\n  lng: 20.00613302\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261756218.jpg?k=aa1665ae80186fcc9b2dd0e89b4ca354c5592aa5ee412f295013ac186e00a410&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/34010854.jpg?k=eedd09bace445d4b9fb164130b25584b91fe995da6f45498312de223c75a5b19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380057403.jpg?k=5775792e0ea74fd07ee8be3aa3462491c793ce06e183ae9ff97faea950979627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261756286.jpg?k=43de173294974a039aac53219b777e73a08c05e3d469c68367b4485a41fdff90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261751964.jpg?k=44e21490792fa2b6e770463e0f723ee1c30e0c7ffe18dec75644dcdfd880c3de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261751920.jpg?k=32bce3c3efe1e9ba55ac6bea3f4e4960cdfab1f3d6739e3efc4d25ea7469cf15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261751875.jpg?k=8ce5b38f4b875e5ae36963feb4c771efb08d9d3cfa58ae1113a4be7412a49740&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261751859.jpg?k=1e1ebc56f4a1e2b8a201c606ed0eab20257d2d5088b64b58521cc968f2f2097d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261751368.jpg?k=1ab19fc3895a208258817b80f2fe846e8f786e5221c419fe40e68c7b32ce25cc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bianco Bar 150 m"\n  - "marikseli 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Helena"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice hosts, friendly. The apt had all what you needed it and was very clean.”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Very hospitable owners. They were willing to wait for us upon arrival until late at night. The apartment was clean, we will definitely stay here on our next visit to Ksamil.”"\n  - name: "Alisa"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“My family and I really appreciated our stay at Antoneta's and Jorgo's house. The hosts were super kind and helpful; the house was huge, clean, and had any facility. The location was perfect, just some steps away from a nice beach. The house had a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/baci-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully equipped with a fully functional kitchenette and dining area, catering to the needs of those who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals while traveling. The inclusion of private bathrooms with showers in every unit adds to the convenience and privacy of the guest experience.

The presence of a lush garden on the premises of Baci Apartments provides a tranquil escape for guests, further enhancing the peaceful atmosphere of the property. Additionally, the provision of complimentary private parking alleviates the common concern of secure vehicle storage, making the stay worry-free for those traveling by car.

For those intrigued by history and natural beauty, the proximity of Baci Apartments to Butrint National Park and the ancient city remains of Butrint, located just 4.5 km away, offers a unique opportunity to explore the rich heritage of the area. Moreover, the city of Sarande, situated 12.5 km from the property, presents a vibrant contrast with its lively atmosphere and diverse attractions.

Baci Apartments emerges as a compelling choice for guests who value the blend of accessibility to natural and historical sites, the autonomy of self-catered living, and the tranquility of a seaside retreat.