---\ntitle: "Baka Guest House"\ndescription: "Baka Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Durrës, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359086359.jpg?k=ff9d5680b824a0b270121b525daf5ef14e334929b1b5b99636812322dfc2769a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: baka-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga e Yjeve, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31575166\n  lng: 19.49249789\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359086359.jpg?k=ff9d5680b824a0b270121b525daf5ef14e334929b1b5b99636812322dfc2769a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522098305.jpg?k=1dfd19bc3ba4204b8880d89664e4fda09da8a485680e191483c296c41ada360e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193939105.jpg?k=8f3a329535274dcb1b53841e46526572b04cdb57293accd194d4082e2e409daa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367206428.jpg?k=728b2829c063e1bd558c5c57860e7f05022714a027e6cc4cfd3d0cf3feaeb397&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522110877.jpg?k=a93230e223fa675905265fbfc1bce382349992730c8c63d88537d672e7b6ef3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299438140.jpg?k=b7e0b073e20875e73250029e4b23b195537f6b00ba7a7da67b01736999926686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367206496.jpg?k=77334dd3b961bc9944085c3c8828058c086d2bb47f059576963f13f465a329c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193939116.jpg?k=297f8452e930cadb0cde445e5e61d9aedbf9f62ee72e5b434e38f43fe232c94c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522098549.jpg?k=c5444ffc74ca76c54a82c765efa30838a5f27ed5001254e83455b865d2305722&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Turkish Doner 750 m"\n  - "Galaxy 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 950 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Davit"\n    country: "Georgia"\n    text: "“The coolest thing there Full house full yard everything belongs to you.
Ideal holiday home for families, for friends,There is a very calm and quiet place, at the same time, in 15 minutes by walk you are at the sea.The owner he is an understanding...”"\n  - name: "Gabriella"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Baka is a very nice, polite host. When we got lost in Durres, he came for us. He was always available, whatever we asked of him, he helped right away. He was always interested in how we felt. The property is in a quiet area, close to a beautiful...”"\n  - name: "Nenad"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Owner was really helpful. The house was nice and clean. Kitchen is new, really nice and well-equipped. Wifi 50 mbps! I would recommend this apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bakas-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe guest house presents a meticulously designed villa that boasts a terrace with captivating mountain views. The layout includes two cozy bedrooms, dual living spaces adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as a microwave and toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet, along with thoughtful touches like complimentary fruits, enhances the comfort of the stay.

Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the villa's barbecue facilities and the tranquil garden, perfect for leisurely afternoons or intimate gatherings. Despite its peaceful location, Baka Guest House remains within easy reach of notable attractions. Skanderbeg Square is located 38 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history, while the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 42 km away, promises an adventure with its scenic rides. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 32 km from the property, ensuring a smooth transition to and from this idyllic escape.

Baka Guest House stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their visit to Durrës.