---\ntitle: "Balkan Rooftop Apartment"\ndescription: "Balkan Rooftop Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062141.jpg?k=a847ecaa9eae28124f71e9b657d1a914d83e46ec8cf3534db05b42e9092b1f7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: balkan-rooftop-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Derhemi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33342572\n  lng: 19.83042734\nprice: "US$24"\npriceFrom: 24\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062141.jpg?k=a847ecaa9eae28124f71e9b657d1a914d83e46ec8cf3534db05b42e9092b1f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062270.jpg?k=1d2d62cf4d0f1161f2135f6527b6d8fd09be2e3c7a36e243fcac6efa1de809da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062326.jpg?k=4f7bc1053a69f3e0e978991b4692bcbba18454f5c51d5af6fc8e6c2d11e55508&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062244.jpg?k=de21935dbc2756e49b41ff5b72d0d3e57be6f2e6efb506223b3cda2516b19a5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062262.jpg?k=4d3c82cb96c1da0caa1435e864f3d6efa972de623a8f5e9bfae3be7a64ffee7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062283.jpg?k=a30d95aaf43c94df32090e433ecc175316ffaef9f6e9d712e78063f30bc77a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062312.jpg?k=b8075e0c70a906fdd75f240004d30b688257340d67567c111654399c19cb3504&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062330.jpg?k=8fbe6c3a622f999b31a0ad46e942cd9e94cd9a1769b5f351f672fdf1e131795d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506062300.jpg?k=a485a2a365813a380f9ec16a4bbbcfcab8b2ceb73f17cfade683311828f0dd2e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Juliet 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Korani 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 900 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I loved the view. Best view of Tirana! The apartment was a steal considering how clean and comfortable it was. Loved the aesthetic too! Great job to the hostess, very pleased with their welcoming approach and how responding they were to our needs!”"\n  - name: "Ernesta"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Amazing and very helpful owners, good location, wonderful view.
Everything just perfect!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/balkan-rooftop-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a haven of tranquility above the city's hustle and bustle. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a private terrace, perfect for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The interior boasts a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchenette for those preferential to home-cooked meals, and a modern bathroom, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The commitment to a non-smoking environment underscores the property's dedication to providing a clean and healthy stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, with complimentary WiFi enveloping the premises, ensuring that guests remain linked to the wider world while enjoying their secluded retreat. A mere 1.3 km away, Skanderbeg Square offers a glimpse into the city's vibrant life, while shopping aficionados will appreciate the proximity to Toptani Shopping Centre. Art enthusiasts and history buffs will find solace at the National Gallery of Arts Tirana and the Clock Tower Tirana, both easily accessible from the apartment.

For those arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 15 km away eases travel concerns, making Balkan Rooftop Apartment a compelling choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.