---\ntitle: "Barba Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Barba Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377830950.jpg?k=fd7571480af6a25736d2dd6bd022fc7283c3dd965bfb25fcfc58bd51e1571c4c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: barba-boutique-hotel\naddress: "rruga e Kolonjes(ish artistikja), 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.60846685\n  lng: 20.77593885\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 105\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377830950.jpg?k=fd7571480af6a25736d2dd6bd022fc7283c3dd965bfb25fcfc58bd51e1571c4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904188.jpg?k=0a573a876af226d048a43a218b342df477bde06b9e2736a7b76a18b8cf02268b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490903430.jpg?k=20b83657ad51bbcf63824f4fb2d6e11e8a27aac826c6e0e45d82f9b4d6be586b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198575063.jpg?k=47bbdbcad297f044c377ee6a5c4588049e91bbeb8214d4f0e75041a57dc5698d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904954.jpg?k=69f2e5f115bf5a1f8f74ea4a1db93f0fd1a1df54f6e7020e7c538cb9ae1f3820&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904695.jpg?k=2b17c33861fe0a6798e9182258e6ed1fa75dec10e54853c3a26744fca320f610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904552.jpg?k=7ee57f30aca9963343d5867d37cccdd859395099f00b9e806bf8e7d6775e78c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904420.jpg?k=322f68686cdf282e64165d2be820006016483a642da87178429191140d56c16b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490904302.jpg?k=e18fcd448f3de8c14c944afa5bcdcc7b96ace902b1ce760103de462f96b569ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "King Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Niki 200 m"\n  - "Piceri Dora 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 1.2 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 1.3 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lankampr"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The room was very nice, big and comfortable. The hotel has a nice outdoor area / bar.”"\n  - name: "Ntibia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff was very friendly. The room is spacious, and very warm during winter ofcourse.”"\n  - name: "Emi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I booked two rooms in the hotel one for friends and the other one for family members! All of them were extremely happy wirh their rooms and the stuff! Great stay!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/barba-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Barba Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and connected. Additionally, the inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a fridge in the rooms adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. Select rooms also feature a balcony, offering picturesque views of the city that invite guests to unwind and soak in the ambiance of Korçë.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, with the 24-hour front desk offering assistance in Greek, English, and Italian, catering to the diverse needs of its international guests.

Situated at a distance that encourages exploration, Barba Boutique Hotel is located 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum, making it an ideal base for guests looking to discover the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For those traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is 72 km away, positioning the hotel as a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

Barba Boutique Hotel stands out as a prime accommodation option in Korçë, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it a preferred choice for discerning travelers.