---\ntitle: "Baven -Toven Naturae"\ndescription: "Baven-Toven Naturae emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Rubik, offering breathtaking mountain views and a plethora of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464560117.jpg?k=82b68b06e4d63535b05f5d91ae1d6dfe3f3e42eb6b8c0b09c924c355c5414932&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: baven-toven-naturae\naddress: "Rruga Katund i Vjeter, 4602 Rubik, Albania"\ncity: "Rubik"\nlocation: "Rubik"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.76567065\n  lng: 19.75538246\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 90\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464560117.jpg?k=82b68b06e4d63535b05f5d91ae1d6dfe3f3e42eb6b8c0b09c924c355c5414932&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464564335.jpg?k=0a3c42cf71514c34e5fa2e782bbbe2b2f82ff4aa6866217cf201c8f90105a29e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464568188.jpg?k=67f37f785a771d4312ae68978c0feaa932d80760571719e8ae03493e77229661&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464565639.jpg?k=412125050803f7f09fdca7f0d1a8b14f88f76b5995b56e5af26d329fa07fd1b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440768884.jpg?k=270974b032c12848070f801047300e3226b83891f4c437e2e13628cb9cd73e4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440773552.jpg?k=cfffbc478a2c9c063914aaeb89d29cf6ee03ea75aa9040c26f70f161adc2cab2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Large Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Eco Hotel Marub 300 m"\n  - "Kosova 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sofra e Kthelles 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 37 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gruber"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“What of the most amazing night we had! The nature around is speechless and the host.. we were emotional leaving you! Just after one night! So much care and love Real human adventure Thank you for everything! You re amazing ♥️”"\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hosts are so nice and made the stay amazing! A very delicious breakfast and dinner are available. The cabin was super cosy and the location is stunning! This place is a must visit for your trip to Albania.”"\n  - name: "Tao"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! The people you’ll meet there are so amazing. This is the best place we ever stayed in Albania. The appartement are perfect. Alone in the nature. Beautiful spot. Wonderful family, so kind, respectful, happy and they will...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/baven-toven-naturae.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Baven-Toven Naturae are thoughtfully appointed, featuring private bathrooms equipped with showers and slippers, ensuring comfort and a touch of luxury. Free WiFi is standard across all units, with select rooms boasting balconies for guests to enjoy the natural beauty that surrounds. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels, making for a hassle-free stay.

Mornings at Baven-Toven Naturae begin with an Italian breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The on-site coffee shop is perfect for leisurely afternoons, while the availability of grocery delivery services and packed lunches caters to guests planning to venture further afield.

For those keen to explore, the farm stay is ideally positioned for sightseeing tours and walking adventures in the picturesque surroundings. The convenience of car rental services arranged by Baven-Toven Naturae allows for effortless discovery of the area's hidden gems.

Located just 49 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Baven-Toven Naturae stands as a gateway to the natural wonders and cultural richness of Rubik, promising an unforgettable stay for travelers seeking both adventure and tranquility.