---\ntitle: "Bea City Center Apartment"\ndescription: "Bea City Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494299009.jpg?k=a97ec7b2704de86b5485d248410e483cc289b5e15a1424556c47dfd254a033c3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bea-city-center-apartment\naddress: "Rriga Sheshi Sulejman Pasha. Nd1. H6, Ap 10, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32903775\n  lng: 19.82211732\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494299009.jpg?k=a97ec7b2704de86b5485d248410e483cc289b5e15a1424556c47dfd254a033c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494299069.jpg?k=ef39eb7f42a6cd873475ad2c4ab9176837d4bd87d6a0d2414a48c50452abb966&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494298984.jpg?k=048aa8bd3dff014a2c1b3e968d7f7faf30a8a6a35eb791ca55e448a1c8ce6d02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494298949.jpg?k=6a87de89f814d13eb7e865062c056fd15cd6f3a11a80f2ca74faf8cf9066ddda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524209594.jpg?k=44e059bb71f6ae6dd9c9bb7b45c19face7e13c9f9e1d9f7afe8e385cebb8f438&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495589050.jpg?k=6045606a5b9f5e7b7b23a15ef0bd338d61d9bebc2cc9c6fe484c57c2e6824796&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504987365.jpg?k=816400fad1014bc2331a0ef6c3a131d52926fab2b91a05c7245a223d7480e7ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495589394.jpg?k=3524748d94e31ea3da66cb1154add6e996fe2e1ada34bd2147bd83be30b0c42e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524210090.jpg?k=9776da6f5a2c13903e2881c57f465fc44192dd5457e535641ee0a020b421454c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Europa Caffe 10 m"\n  - "Happy Times 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 50 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo dobra lokalizacja, wszędzie jest blisko (do autobusów 3 min. i zabytków 5 min. oraz jedzenia 5min. polecam Zgara Korcare food - regionalne). Przemiła właścicielka czekała na nas na przystanku autobusowym żeby zaprowadzić nas do apartamentu...”"\n  - name: "Dorina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Posizione eccellente nel centro di Tirana. Camere molto pulite e spaziose. Tutto ciò di cui avevi bisogno era vicino. Comunicazione molto buona, siamo arrivati all'una di notte e il check-in è stato molto semplice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-tirana-apartment-tirane12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis accommodation doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive experience. The air-conditioned apartment features a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a kitchen equipped with modern amenities including an oven and a coffee machine, ensuring guests feel right at home. The inclusion of a private bathroom complete with a shower and luxurious bathrobes adds a layer of privacy and comfort.

For those concerned with allergens, Bea City Center Apartment stands out as an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests. Upon arrival, visitors are greeted with the thoughtful touch of chocolates or cookies, making for a warm welcome.

Security and convenience are paramount, with full-day security and an elevator ensuring ease of access and peace of mind. Complimentary WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana.

Situated near historical landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and modern conveniences like the Toptani Shopping Centre, the apartment offers a unique blend of the old and new. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is also nearby, providing cultural enthusiasts with easy access to performances.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment is conveniently located just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Bea City Center Apartment stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that caters to both the practical and aesthetic needs of modern travelers. Its strategic location, coupled with top-notch amenities, makes it a compelling choice for anyone looking to explore the vibrant city of Tirana.