---\ntitle: "Beachfront Haven 654"\ndescription: "Beachfront Haven 654 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431546891.jpg?k=4de8e5faa0f878a04307dc0f390dcc2d91303f2212095bb1dd21e48f72b780d4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachfront-haven-654\naddress: "7G99+HJ3, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26854909\n  lng: 19.51838304\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431546891.jpg?k=4de8e5faa0f878a04307dc0f390dcc2d91303f2212095bb1dd21e48f72b780d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431546962.jpg?k=1bae31eeeff50fd57ef2a3373806e05821aec44164ae956f646b9299af4f0e15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431547043.jpg?k=3b4af2b9fb840770300c5ba37c26536713e8cf24f95bf8655b5825e4c0e881fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431547095.jpg?k=9cfcb1f5de6c078fc6f7741537e124722f736b4361a15aae49d90cf9b4297aa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431546949.jpg?k=3a152805caa318b8185d004c5f41cc2a61b33f741e52456772d93a3b3f24d167&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431547111.jpg?k=b7b4b1c586379a11903c270e24be6fec29610786227e670f71585f3d4955b23c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431547104.jpg?k=fab719556284dde655697830f6fbbd3237921acedf17947c42455ed62112af9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431547092.jpg?k=3929f15905bbec15e21ff63542f8c44cc46f832478068968f1202bb6268b600c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431546969.jpg?k=a3b568b79fe570557b50fd8a8ba6cca1c22a7ddec021ba486fdd3c05de7dff8c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 100 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 10 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 350 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elvin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Next to the beach, the ambience and convenience of a lift”"\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja z widokiem na morze. Mieszkanie w pełni wyposażone, wygodne, nowocześnie urządzone i przestronne (prawdziwe 73 m2+przestronny taras wychodzący w stronę plaży). Klimatyzacja w obu pokojach. Bardzo blisko do plaży i deptaka, ale...”"\n  - name: "Tetiana"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Апартаменти в сотні метрів від моря, з балконом із видом на море. Було два кондиціонери в помешканні які дуже необхідні в таку спеку. Апартаменти дуже зручні і чисті з усім необхідним для проживання😊”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-654.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on offering a seamless experience, featuring amenities such as an elevator for easy access and private check-in and check-out services to ensure a personalized and hassle-free stay. Guests can stay connected and share their seaside adventures with ease, thanks to complimentary WiFi available throughout the premises.

Accommodation at Beachfront Haven 654 is designed with space and comfort in mind. The apartment boasts a generous layout that includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. The kitchen is well-equipped with an oven and microwave, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of convenience. For added comfort, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided in the apartment, which also maintains a non-smoking environment to ensure the well-being of all guests.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises offers a variety of goods, adding to the convenience of the stay. 

Situated just 2.3 km from Durres Beach and within a reasonable distance of 43 km from Skanderbeg Square, Beachfront Haven 654 serves as a perfect base for exploring the local area. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 37 km away, with the added convenience of airport transfers and car rental services available through the accommodation, making travel arrangements seamless and stress-free.

In summary, Beachfront Haven 654 stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to enjoy the coastal beauty of Durrës, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and stunning seaside views.