---\ntitle: "BEACH&SEAVIEW WITH TERRACE"\ndescription: "BEACH&SEAVIEW WITH TERRACE stands as a prime beachfront gem in Sarandë, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140712198.jpg?k=bd81314cd21938a69d1b79f7467b524d5e49f14e1ade9653473591656374d4fa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beach-seaview-with-terrace\naddress: "Rruga Qazim Demi 10 Pallati i ri Jani Barka, Lagjja 1, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87360559\n  lng: 20.01412868\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140712198.jpg?k=bd81314cd21938a69d1b79f7467b524d5e49f14e1ade9653473591656374d4fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138533485.jpg?k=1a821cec459be205b17070ecd253c042c129ad2ee50351459768e901a35b8700&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138533495.jpg?k=c202d6d616a0d47b2322c99fc6b608b9bbaf740fc4b04ab5d4f167cd1f8d02fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138533498.jpg?k=d5c472cd777f6b1c7d34a99bbf25d9e92e3684995844b0226a21b5e14d9af517&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197862964.jpg?k=44ecbd10d506d6bbbc3f1c0c8eeaa7a559cc4abefcb75e46f029687cf67e10bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140712497.jpg?k=c1497d365938224998052d403e3ab433334dfa641e53ad0dedf64b8f035dac28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197862951.jpg?k=6f59dbb7896db9a2fc386298d8f8a239b8bcf38711f31272c0d0a13229ecc35a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138533507.jpg?k=a8b177924ed3a83af2e5c640d91c31dc390121de424092b6183d1bbcd24ab357&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197862938.jpg?k=b1c73b48482da85a00c2ca845c13466aa7bb7b88302f76342964c592f344710d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Brasseria da Franco 100 m"\n  - "TUNELI RESTAURANT 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 150 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 750 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valeriia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Widok był wspaniały. W upalne dni ratowała nas klimatyzacja. Wszystko co potrzebne do udanego wypoczynku znaleźliśmy w apartamencie. Jesteśmy bardzo wdzięczni właścicielowi za pomoc w znalezieniu mieszkania. Bardzo dba o swoich gości. 😇🙌🏼🤗”"\n  - name: "1805"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Чистые, аккуратные апартаменты. Внимательный хозяин. А самое главное ПРЕКРАСНЫЙ ВИД”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-amp-seaview-with-terrace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on modern conveniences, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises and the convenience of private parking. An elevator and a minimarket on-site ensure that guests' needs are met with ease, adding to the comfort of their stay.

Accommodation at BEACH&SEAVIEW WITH TERRACE is nothing short of luxurious, featuring a spacious apartment equipped with a bedroom, bathroom, and a living area that includes a dining space and a fully equipped kitchen. The highlight, however, is the terrace that offers breathtaking sea views, allowing guests to soak in the beauty of Sarandë's coastline from the comfort of their room. The apartment is designed with the modern traveler in mind, boasting air conditioning, a walk-in shower, a dressing room, and the added benefit of being allergy-free and non-smoking.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Maestral Beach is just over a kilometer away, while the historic Butrint National Park is a short drive, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 96 km from the property.

BEACH&SEAVIEW WITH TERRACE is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a perfect blend of convenience, luxury, and natural beauty, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable Sarandë experience.