---\ntitle: "Beachfront Apartment with Sea View at Kamelia Building"\ndescription: "Kamelia Building's Beachfront Apartment with Sea View stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the Durrës coastline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542323.jpg?k=e4e2a0de79e9e4767605992614ac0e95fcc869364a42d0b90405687c225d8362&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachfront-apartment-with-sea-view-at-kamelia-building\naddress: "Kamelia Resort 3, 2504 Durrës, Albania 7, 2504 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.268419\n  lng: 19.5184155\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542323.jpg?k=e4e2a0de79e9e4767605992614ac0e95fcc869364a42d0b90405687c225d8362&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542357.jpg?k=624dd76e6c22af5eb691d61bdcdb644bafbf39d35d21de23a9dffca3f756a6f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488876061.jpg?k=53bd1dacc65a1890330904ff2953f61f095f1c484d1b771fffaee16b4add6cda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542380.jpg?k=aa2f4196c8dcb8803ba897da6d35daaeaa66998f1a3fa8f0a681d582225b7ff1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542368.jpg?k=3918078af1943c26e4e192004a074df7db01db8966bf3c2b7126ff228c414191&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542374.jpg?k=e223f240001cc5f354932fb301104b46e805c91e6874bc0ed94d56b4e790ad5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542428.jpg?k=16d96dff36e8e5d930f593c7d1610295fa3ad331116f31a529d48d9102bff34f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542345.jpg?k=5fd012254155c2781e8a573af093120e7a402276d6a0bf6b57b3996115b20705&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542371.jpg?k=ef5a17035f7c44acf5ee4fd1a1ae9ed47501aff3f747fe9702d5c93bc3c6e94a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 100 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 10 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 350 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the view was beautiful and the furniture”"\n  - name: "Tech"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is newly renovated and is beautiful, combined with the view that the entire apartament had it makes it one of the best places i have experienced so far.”"\n  - name: "Liudmila"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Labiausiai patiko vaizdas pro langus bei balkoną. Oro kondicionierius su šildymo funkcija, spalio vakarai buvo jau vėsoki, tad buvo galima susikurti idealų komfortą. Beveik visi virtuvės priedai, gražaus dizaino baldai, daug įvairių smulkių...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beachfront-apartment-with-sea-view-at-kamelia-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a generous layout that includes a bedroom, a bathroom, and an inviting living space. Guests can expect the comforts of home with the inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to both quick meals and elaborate dinners, making it ideal for various dining preferences. Perhaps the highlight is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise serene mornings and tranquil evenings.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the apartment's location does not disappoint. It is situated a mere 2.3 km from Durres Beach, with the historic Skanderbeg Square located 43 km away. Adventure seekers can find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within 47 km, offering a unique perspective of the area's natural beauty. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje is conveniently located just 1.4 km from the property, presenting an easy opportunity for a memorable day trip. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 37 km away, ensuring a straightforward journey to and from the accommodation.

Kamelia Building's Beachfront Apartment with Sea View emerges as a distinguished option for those desiring a harmonious blend of scenic views, modern amenities, and strategic location, making every stay a memorable experience.