---\ntitle: "Beachfront, Tirana Guest House"\ndescription: "Beachfront, Tirana Guest House emerges as a serene oasis, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and natural beauty right at the edge of Velipoja Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363288435.jpg?k=b5d81f9c9d30498b0fc7989cf927a5f84ea7f4b3d6345117bd8f768b020f3369&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachfront-tirana-guest-house\naddress: "Velipoje 4021 Velipoje Shkoder Albania Velipoje 4021 Velipoje Shkoder Albania, 1000 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86051253\n  lng: 19.43679917\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363288435.jpg?k=b5d81f9c9d30498b0fc7989cf927a5f84ea7f4b3d6345117bd8f768b020f3369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254329453.jpg?k=99563dd9c4436acb3447d082d1642a1940ec16bc96002bb58c21670a1fbb5825&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/293901964.jpg?k=b54d65da94675e76ba67032b6e7a10ea77e1bd5384e0d0d62b6e1cb7cb84dbfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254331127.jpg?k=33000023fbe7903ac4318f42a3aab624df8c5030448db79eec629c40f2f8be9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/252556328.jpg?k=448132bbb640ca53ffaf6f26229ba712bc84deab423920c175aeb77f4572074b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304223567.jpg?k=9603926d5338fc158fa7de4fc156accc7f7518cba31e78d079275495e2317363&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363280391.jpg?k=9670138b99da6ff573726f5253a9d20b494b88bb6c48b017af45dc3ccc24c933&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254329238.jpg?k=f203b49eadffbff683110ff5c9b8e5514aabfc74fcd4fc123196c097691cff6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489002959.jpg?k=28a41cbd1cb7c636b5811b21de135bf7fa35e99f35b5b715545219d0781666a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376526157.jpg?k=9cbeb5189d9e1ab5f1ff49aebe3b311086411e1d5e2211513416e5b0e88a12f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450873951.jpg?k=d6f19c06b20e76e20b2b54ea309b259ba714404df0fc6e0ee0d0c088f9b1a906&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378060589.jpg?k=e068bbb0d462648c516e69eb74be0552a1c060675278d5efc8574826fff1cbbc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Faro 150 m"\n  - "Summer Time 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 0 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 900 m"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 6 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 11 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 12 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 14 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 14 km"\n  - "Tropicana 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 15 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 16 km"\n  - "Saranda 16 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 53 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 56 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“The best beach accomodation we ever stayed in! It was five of us, 2 adults and 3 kids aged 9 to 15. It just felt like home away from home, sitting just few steps from the beach. Great communication with Sajmir. We received well done, detailed info...”"\n  - name: "Meike"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Really nice house at the beach. Fast Wifi and well equiped kitchen. Sunbeds and umbrella at the beach are included, but we prefered to hang out in the nice garden and go for a quick swim. You can hear the sea at night, what is really relaxing.”"\n  - name: "Mulliqi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I loved that tiny home that looks soo small from the outside but has all u might need inside.And the details r the best thing on it.The beach is right in front of the house so when ure outside in the garden u can clearly hear the sound of the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-for-vacation-in-velipoja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property is well-appointed with amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. Among these, the villa boasts a spacious balcony and an outdoor fireplace, perfect for those clear days when guests wish to unwind in the embrace of nature. The inclusion of free bikes, darts, complimentary private parking, and WiFi adds to the convenience and enjoyment of the stay.

Accommodation at Beachfront, Tirana Guest House is nothing short of luxurious, featuring a villa with a terrace that offers breathtaking sea views. The villa is equipped with a modern living room, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. The comfort extends to the bedroom and bathroom, where guests are treated to soft towels and bed linen. For those seeking privacy and security, the villa provides a private entrance and is safeguarded by full-day security services.

Dining at the on-site restaurant is a culinary adventure, with options available for dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails. The menu is designed to cater to a variety of tastes, ensuring a delightful dining experience for every guest.

Families visiting Beachfront, Tirana Guest House will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of both indoor and outdoor play areas for children. Moreover, the surrounding area offers a plethora of activities, including cycling and fishing, for those keen to explore the natural beauty of Velipoja Beach.

Located less than 1 km from Rana e Hedhun Beach and 31 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, the guest house is ideally situated for guests wishing to immerse themselves in the local culture and landscape. For those traveling from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 85 km away, with the property offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service.

Beachfront, Tirana Guest House stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury, privacy, and natural beauty, making it a memorable escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life.