---\ntitle: "Beachfront Marilyn"\ndescription: "Beachfront Marilyn emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway on Durres Golem Long Beach, offering air-conditioned accommodations complete with a balcony and complimentary WiFi access."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475545156.jpg?k=48956baf0d3ef9655c12daa769283738cf7f20a22668d326a4877ef7f0fbb88c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachfront-marilyn\naddress: "Rruga Kompleksit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26799316\n  lng: 19.51871739\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 292\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475545156.jpg?k=48956baf0d3ef9655c12daa769283738cf7f20a22668d326a4877ef7f0fbb88c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303268324.jpg?k=82da342666d47edac3ed55f402a57d3bac75796ab9013f720e483488198844f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303267264.jpg?k=75b9b2d24c709f5771b450490ee5bdd60273b958131fb486ef1c5eaff108c582&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520728734.jpg?k=8be507920ec66cda4d388ab4ae59d6525f4f47b79821a285a44bd5b4cd7d48a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360267349.jpg?k=621e383893f53acd946afa9477af14909a6eb92ae5eb9f23631323272ec7111a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475545151.jpg?k=2e780e1ed40dcea636179ed5cb18b113d10c55f5a9c4faad7b8cbeab13ae4ca6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Studio with Ocean View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 100 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cezary"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Excellent localisation, very nice, clean and new apartment with awesome view on the sea. Personel very supportive with Greta on the top. Keep going 👍”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Apartment was absolutely beautiful! Greta was very friendly and helpful also.
There was a great view from the balcony and the kitchen was very well equipped as well.”"\n  - name: "Lemelen"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The location was superb - it is near the bus stop and the beach is literally 2 minutes away including going down the elevator. There are local convenience stores just beside the building. The price is well worth it considering the view from the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-apartment-with-balcony-and-fantastic-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment boasts a breathtaking view of the sea, alongside a well-appointed bedroom and a bathroom equipped with a shower. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher and oven, ensures guests feel right at home.

The dedicated staff at Beachfront Marilyn, proficient in Albanian, English, and Italian, are available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk, ready to assist with any needs. For those looking to soak up the sun, the property provides the option to use the swimming pool for a small fee, with sundecks and parasols available for rent, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing experience.

Situated just 26 km from Tirana and a mere 8 km from Durrës, the location offers easy access to explore the surrounding areas. Tirana Airport is conveniently located 24 km away, making Beachfront Marilyn an ideal choice for both leisure and exploration.