---\ntitle: "Beach 600"\ndescription: "Beach 600 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429136492.jpg?k=8f699bd8d7a7f57198cfb1fc29fcd981b7b17d7e494140f445c49e4e4752e8fc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beach-600\naddress: "6GWF+R8Q, 2001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24725513\n  lng: 19.52376133\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429136492.jpg?k=8f699bd8d7a7f57198cfb1fc29fcd981b7b17d7e494140f445c49e4e4752e8fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380453.jpg?k=1b35082d68041ec5084e8ff88c7874d27c250f57745116a8ae6ce6d7bf08b8fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380440.jpg?k=9cf973eec05445d30867f63731374b2b9abd082b0e2d7e55e31fc830ca8b00b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429136491.jpg?k=2f7fbed1291ce51e0188a8dc0c305a1694fdd9b8c5da273c72f95b78fda4f761&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380439.jpg?k=47a514b15f6f1e5eae6ef1cc9ab7878fe84a45f487b794a554a86fd25abd94a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380417.jpg?k=c0ab309d7871c19f272b3d9539f165e4b238a54709c2b4dd7e117cfdd4239683&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429136490.jpg?k=1a771631dff174d0be70ce11e08f5b1d99e36ae552b13fc95795fa29eeadecb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380421.jpg?k=579ada40705a386e34a0fd401eb6804344b5e82aa4afe2bf4467702cf405576e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426380387.jpg?k=9fc55b72c98ba540e0ac910a50042c5538dd6b7dbd85212a7174ea53a32ab5d0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brutal Steakhouse 100 m"\n  - "Alto Mare 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 350 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice , New apartament . Very good aircondition in both room . Big space .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-600.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is a haven of tranquility, boasting a terrace that offers quiet street views, creating an ideal backdrop for relaxation. The interior is thoughtfully designed with a cozy bedroom, a spacious living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. It's noteworthy that the entire apartment is a non-smoking zone, maintaining a fresh and clean environment.

For those looking to explore the area, Beach 600 does not disappoint. The property is conveniently located 46 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car situated 50 km away, offering guests a chance to experience breathtaking views of the area. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje is within reach, located just 4.3 km away. For beach enthusiasts, Mali I Robit Beach is a mere 400 meters from the apartment, making it an easy stroll to the shore.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi available throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world. For those considering exploring the region at their own pace, a car rental service is available on-site, providing a convenient option for personal adventures.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa, located 40 km away. The property facilitates travel arrangements by offering a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transfer to and from the airport.

In summary, Beach 600 presents itself as an exemplary choice for travelers looking for a blend of leisure and exploration. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, it stands as a beacon for those wishing to experience the best of Golem.