---\ntitle: "Beach front Durres"\ndescription: "Beach Front Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472238992.jpg?k=1fafc1cb4310708dbc4802b65799c9460208d17656081530ce8ce14c301a0355&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beach-front-durres\naddress: "Rruga Kalabria, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31175998\n  lng: 19.48285192\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472238992.jpg?k=1fafc1cb4310708dbc4802b65799c9460208d17656081530ce8ce14c301a0355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472239142.jpg?k=310b8ca484f498e828455685e457f0776ce7b7666feebe4110a1af6f23b5743b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472239079.jpg?k=bfc04326659797e1ed1e041f683d3370b11f76ca6eb011809338b03f8a467be1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472239103.jpg?k=f2eb4057c9bcab1479163f77bb3899822a8d356bc0ac9ef4a9299bd5f20064dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472239041.jpg?k=27aa3abb7661845e983c72c8b6531c931f952fa40ce8b0c7bcc43d48d0fb63a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472239051.jpg?k=c5e80cbb788445bc8e3dcdb3727bc894be8fe2701592be9f0f8418e818177683&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Antigua 100 m"\n  - "Restorant de Lux 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-front-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, boasting air-conditioned rooms complemented by private bathrooms, ensuring a restful and private retreat. The allure of Beach Front Durres is further enhanced by the inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and a balcony, promising both convenience and serene moments overlooking the surroundings.

For those who prioritize connectivity and convenience, the provision of free WiFi and a washing machine in each unit adds a layer of ease to the stay. The presence of a flat-screen TV ensures that entertainment is always at hand, allowing guests to unwind comfortably after a day of exploration.

Situated 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just 6.9 km from the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as an ideal base for adventurers looking to discover the natural beauty of the region. Moreover, the proximity to the former Residence of Enver Hoxha offers a glimpse into the country's intriguing past.

Accessibility is another highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 32 km away, making Beach Front Durres a convenient option for international travelers. This apartment not only promises a stay filled with comfort and ease but also positions guests perfectly to immerse themselves in the local culture and natural beauty of Durrës.