---\ntitle: "Beachcomber 515"\ndescription: "Beachcomber 515 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Durrës, mere steps away from the inviting sands of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211944.jpg?k=6911f636e580d6e44499b073e6bfc67bd652ab640babceeb1c834842c01e65dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachcomber-515\naddress: "8F4Q+HMJ 3rd floor,with elevator, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30622144\n  lng: 19.48925926\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211944.jpg?k=6911f636e580d6e44499b073e6bfc67bd652ab640babceeb1c834842c01e65dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211926.jpg?k=f9570042d15ccd82c7702b8a3b8466ca959cdb050d22662966fdbdde19257fa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211952.jpg?k=3912f036fb1402e3abbe737cbe3311a9d857e4960e65f7764dca6931cf7c89de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211864.jpg?k=6c70eeb591beb5adae8f63cc74ed3f6fea22bcfe1de2726410debb098716839c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211946.jpg?k=d33aea7ce93f8e939a6533028fc6ff81be201b746c3b0c56a827f7077991cb85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211894.jpg?k=67a2b60d904e45db502f8fae288981cd7762559325ca8f4722198f07c81b97e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211955.jpg?k=21d57e5708e0527536e70c95f552c5d683c02f197c43784668b9ea4ef193324f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426211908.jpg?k=e31c0b4db68a874160b429e625fdebce6668766ca1b3256ed10b91d7278a8ef7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429453677.jpg?k=e15bda5f0aa884fdfac18de41d083851e8ea884d5ae2f327e99bda79d2faba67&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ferra 30 m"\n  - "Vala Rooftop 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 8 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Annalisa"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ambiente pulito ed accogliente. L'appartamento è arredato in ogni stanza con arredamenti nuovi (abbiamo apprezzato molto il bagno con la doccia). In cucina è presente ogni utensile per preparare un pasto. Posizione ottima fronte spiaggia. Il mare...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-515.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Beachcomber 515 is undoubtedly its spacious apartment, which boasts a terrace offering breathtaking sea views. Guests can enjoy the comfort of a well-appointed living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances including a microwave and a fridge. The inclusion of a bedroom that promises restful nights, along with a bathroom equipped with a bidet, ensures a stay that combines comfort with convenience. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the property is conveniently located 39 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history. Adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within a 43 km reach, presenting an opportunity for an unforgettable aerial view of the area. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 6.2 km away, offers a unique natural attraction.

Ease of access is a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 33 km away, making Beachcomber 515 an ideal choice for both international and domestic travelers. The availability of airport transfers and a car rental service directly from the property adds an extra layer of convenience, ensuring a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Beachcomber 515 stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for those visiting Durrës. Whether it's basking in the sun on Durres Beach, exploring local attractions, or simply enjoying the tranquility of sea views from the terrace, guests are sure to find an unforgettable escape at Beachcomber 515.