---\ntitle: "Beachfront apartment 1st floor"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës from the comfort of the Beachfront Apartment 1st Floor, a prime property that boasts a prime location just 100 meters from the pristine Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484987712.jpg?k=88cd2c0ffbe51ac51e3ae444fd0b1d00916e0270ce2d4a82faf740ba996fc76d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beachfront-apartment-1st-floor\naddress: "Rruga Kompleksit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26659936\n  lng: 19.51812089\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484987712.jpg?k=88cd2c0ffbe51ac51e3ae444fd0b1d00916e0270ce2d4a82faf740ba996fc76d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194143.jpg?k=f3233b5bd37b6f75e797027d46e4adf14e92930e7c40517f9ef3dfe3163a7a78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194124.jpg?k=b5d56183b42c6890cd216cdb106defa03b55d88170c5268654b1dcb39594524b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194153.jpg?k=db969044367462597662e9a80cbfbcd5ea5bfef643a185ea863af6747fef53fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194155.jpg?k=a22782f0ec4990af099e0b2afc16925fb56b6723b77d8c5c58a92c33a02dadfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194151.jpg?k=f59de7be7913dd48a3aa1b498be7f1d99ae057a6785c7c867d57a30e3ca2c5b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194139.jpg?k=2b3277e7d4a561f9d8cf368a406b32e1349380ccb11f1a8dff0afe08e2ea5262&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194148.jpg?k=8ff83eae9e1ddbad5e23b4c2e346d6a90176eec58bf05945bd2f443bc1e3a69d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484194145.jpg?k=8cd57d05acd9833fedf7410e78c6f6a45b07dc8dbddcf718a1368a13db5bf7e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fresh Fish 200 m"\n  - "Sevian Pizza & Snack 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 10 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Djordje"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“It is unbelievable comfortable place, at exclusive location for a very affordable price.”"\n  - name: "Emmanuel"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The apartment is well centered. There’s a convenient market right outside the apartment for your everyday needs. It’s right on the beach, so easy walk back to your bed after a few drinks on the beach. Best of all, laundry available onsite. I...”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Świetnie wyposażony apartament zaraz przy plaży, odnowione mieszkanie ze wszystkimi potrzebnymi akcesoriami na miejscu. Wygodnie i czysto. Bezproblemowe odebranie kluczy, szybki internet i bardzo dobra lokalizacja. Obłedny widok zachodu słońca z...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beachfront-apartment-1st-floor.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe Beachfront Apartment 1st Floor is designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals. The inclusion of a balcony adds a touch of luxury, providing a serene spot to enjoy the sea breeze and stunning views.

Guests will appreciate the convenience of free private parking, making explorations of the surrounding area hassle-free. For those seeking adventure beyond the beach, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 47 km, offering breathtaking views of the region from above. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 1.6 km from the apartment, presents a unique natural attraction.

Situated in a non-smoking property, this apartment ensures a clean and healthy environment for all guests. With its strategic location, the Beachfront Apartment 1st Floor is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the best of Durrës and its surroundings. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 38 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures for international travelers.