---\ntitle: "Beach House"\ndescription: "Beach House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, perfectly positioned within the charming locale of Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467506911.jpg?k=3c2335096a27e172347473efc5d18afa9349f9423ec487328a0652eed1224195&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beach-house\naddress: "Rruga Liria, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26520014\n  lng: 19.52199144\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467506911.jpg?k=3c2335096a27e172347473efc5d18afa9349f9423ec487328a0652eed1224195&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/467506905.jpg?k=6233a4cebd4af79bb00c7049632d526a941d7bd125c0245bea2cdb7f82e3537a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/467506912.jpg?k=69510439cd8bc6b0dff8caa2b444008f0a89795f8e8432c9b83b01f83e0c7783&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/467506913.jpg?k=8a3d63990b83386e3f9d5d5199c0468d61e6b10005303f02c6dd35885179dec5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/467506914.jpg?k=5439a650cc054a0afb916dccb77e2c9c04e20265b2bf59d2d6b4caf1cbeed9af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/467506916.jpg?k=e8e04131f7973c5ac4e5fef7bf66d756b09a5236e84a5a205a872216cc22291b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sevian Pizza & Snack 150 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-house-golem2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking apartment is a haven of tranquility, boasting a balcony that serves as a gateway to breathtaking views and a terrace that invites guests to unwind in the embrace of Golem's natural beauty. The air-conditioned interior reveals a meticulously designed space, featuring a single bedroom that promises restful slumbers and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to the culinary desires of its occupants. Entertainment is readily available, with a flat-screen TV ensuring leisure moments are well spent.

Cultural enthusiasts will find the location of Beach House to be an ideal base for exploring significant landmarks. The former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the historic Durres Amphitheatre are within accessible distances, 44 kilometers and 13 kilometers respectively, offering a glimpse into Albania's rich heritage. Moreover, the property's proximity to Golem Beach, a mere 200 meters away, places guests in the heart of coastal serenity.

For those traveling by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 38 kilometers from Beach House, ensures a seamless journey to this coastal retreat. Whether seeking a peaceful beachside escape or an opportunity to delve into the historical tapestry of the region, Beach House stands as a distinguished destination, promising an unforgettable stay in Golem.