---\ntitle: "BEACH FRONT RIEM"\ndescription: "BEACH FRONT RIEM stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the Durrës coastline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131434.jpg?k=7a6c545e79befe8ed0d7162760da3d587e96cde45ac4de98da0b922cdfd04af7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beach-front-riem\naddress: "SH4 KOMPLEKSI DRILONI / SEC.1/ FLOOR 7, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27466913\n  lng: 19.51733352\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131434.jpg?k=7a6c545e79befe8ed0d7162760da3d587e96cde45ac4de98da0b922cdfd04af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131485.jpg?k=c129eb43d122c324db08db5f382a2e13b42ac38c7304de9f6d7873a1ad4ca64d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131475.jpg?k=9272c32365a9b87a9585c3287bd6623f1fe81870752985f6c35488a923ec4e4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131480.jpg?k=92595fe8d8cbc38e2ecfd51ece41c0b88661a5935129838e47944f193876fa6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131464.jpg?k=544d25e33b034afd9197376e5b110b8fd3274ca8135f4d48f8676cdfd27ae603&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462131489.jpg?k=278ade3969462ba11acd1b76377f224e605e98341e1148efee49282d449eed8a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Espana 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Pizzeri Troplini 2 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ekkehard"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment is located near the beach. It is easily accessible on foot, but a highway is needed to cross a pedestrian bridge. Their condition is a bit adventurous, but it is usable. You can park in front of or next to the house. A few towels...”"\n  - name: "Dragan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Moder and spacious apartment with 2 sleeping rooms and 2 balconies with all equipment that you will need (except hair dryer)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-front-riem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at BEACH FRONT RIEM is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning and a private bathroom, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the season. The addition of free WiFi and a flat-screen TV in every unit allows guests to stay connected and entertained throughout their visit.

For those who prefer the homely touch of a home-cooked meal, the apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen, providing an ideal alternative to dining out. The convenience of having a washing machine in the unit also means guests can pack light and keep their beachwear fresh, ready for another day under the sun.

Situated 1.5 km from the bustling Durres Beach and within manageable distance from the historic Skanderbeg Square, BEACH FRONT RIEM serves as a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 38 km away, access to this beachfront haven is hassle-free, making it an attractive option for both international visitors and locals alike.

In summary, BEACH FRONT RIEM offers a compelling mix of location, amenities, and comfort, making it a standout accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës's coastal charm.