---\ntitle: "Beautiful apartment in the heart of the city!"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Korçë with a stay at \"Beautiful apartment in the heart of the city!"\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479906813.jpg?k=543387622f661479c4ebd19f3ae87fe986b07fa68253b5089bdfb351af795f04&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beautiful-apartment-in-the-heart-of-the-city\naddress: "Rruga 28 Nëntori 37, 7003 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.612521\n  lng: 20.7768658\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479906813.jpg?k=543387622f661479c4ebd19f3ae87fe986b07fa68253b5089bdfb351af795f04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479906866.jpg?k=d6ecd95a3b69d81454eca7c48685eb938e9dd40134b6e95d961d9270c9c66264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479906872.jpg?k=f606c32a9fb52c1d058b7cc312fa9e6d36b8c9470d259ee398c69547756b4b26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479906876.jpg?k=8506dfdef229231ce1690141e86b953e57797711ff7cc2450620f45571038d1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479906880.jpg?k=039c17e4e0bb2b2f1c44f22111adef593d4e5d0d4ce7a00259d0fdfe79f39b19&o=&hp=1"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Benvenuti in Calabria 40 m"\n  - "Xh & M 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 600 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 800 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-korce4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nLocated a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty surrounding Korçë. For those intrigued by historical and spiritual sites, the Monastery Saint Naum is just 43 km away, promising a journey into the region's rich cultural tapestry.

The accommodation itself is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, making it perfect for solo travelers or couples. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen offers guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. The bathroom is well-appointed, ensuring a comfortable stay. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

An added convenience is the dressing room, providing a private space for guests to change and refresh in comfort. For those traveling by air, the Kastoria National Airport is located 71 km away, making "Beautiful apartment in the heart of the city!" a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, this apartment in Korçë stands out as a delightful retreat that combines the essence of city living with the tranquility of nearby natural attractions, making it a must-visit for those looking to experience the best of both worlds.