---\ntitle: "Beauty-sunset apartment"\ndescription: "Located directly on the shores of Durrës, mere steps from the pristine Durres Beach and a short distance from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, Beauty-sunset apartment offers a prime beachfront experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426416863.jpg?k=b7dacbd4fd4edf41e690f2d79beacf654f30705325c09756c52b9adcd153694e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beauty-sunset-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2021 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30227916\n  lng: 19.49426631\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426416863.jpg?k=b7dacbd4fd4edf41e690f2d79beacf654f30705325c09756c52b9adcd153694e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426416787.jpg?k=4c5771bbeaa1234b1ff1feb9630ae6e0776d961232a6fb16d869123e4b2fbba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419431070.jpg?k=6c28f0bad633c5bf0fc074464f92ce4b954088929f5e5fb35164fa99589cd230&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469771076.jpg?k=74c3b77b1fe011d9117a166fb63c50cbdf534ce9014b7bf49350a9ff4d7e4330&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469770922.jpg?k=dcc591c6a31f9b0751a1e8fb24eb8fb5f8f8aedd94c833af292a989b442888c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426416798.jpg?k=544125899f461911b72a6f4d5dea83e524383a25fa2e7d788cef60a6038518ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426416738.jpg?k=78609fa29f57ef1321b51e1d2d7408ef4cf743b0636f54bca2155aa0e04372dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419431254.jpg?k=27568a800458ac3a1700c6d29d91c1799eff4cfa46dbf2cdc9ef4377eef9e251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453288234.jpg?k=3f88afd7fdff6299f0fe0884338b1f42143c4e9678c40bd8c5b627cd042c5543&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (60 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Olivia 50 m"\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 8 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Semir"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“great experience, apartment extremely clean, communication with the owner exceptional. Elton and his sister proved to be excellent hosts and communication is more than excellent”"\n  - name: "Beatriz"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“Amazing view from the 4th floor, even though the building is quite simple, the apartment had everything we needed.
We knew we were staying a bit away from the city center, but it was a good location anyway.
The staff was amazing! He was really...”"\n  - name: "Vjosana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Djali me te cilin komunikova per apartamentin ishte shum i sjellshem dhe shum mikprites Ishte cdo gje e paster dhe me nje pamje fantastike”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beauty-sunset-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring two bedrooms, a living area, and a balcony that offers captivating city views. It is equipped with a flat-screen TV, a kitchen complete with an oven and microwave, and a bathroom with a walk-in shower. The outdoor dining area allows guests to enjoy meals while soaking in the local atmosphere, and the private entrance ensures an exclusive and uninterrupted stay.

For convenience, the property includes a coffee shop and offers the option of packed lunches, perfect for guests planning day trips. Families will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, making it a suitable choice for those traveling with children.

Beauty-sunset apartment is located 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just over 4 km from the Rock of Kavaje, placing guests within easy reach of some of the area's top attractions. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated 34 km away, making the apartment a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Durrës.