---\ntitle: "Beautifull Holiday Apartment Edlira"\ndescription: "Beautifull Holiday Apartment Edlira emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Sarandë, positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach and a brief drive from the picturesque Saranda Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866940.jpg?k=b9916bac96db32b42374a17d8a6b583be9c7dfa046da2b764291c64528f4b77f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beautifull-holiday-apartment-edlira\naddress: "Street Guri Nazifi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87135904\n  lng: 19.99242958\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866940.jpg?k=b9916bac96db32b42374a17d8a6b583be9c7dfa046da2b764291c64528f4b77f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866822.jpg?k=663e35114131f697cc880a5cd98c8fb1979ff08581f414518f4ad02f5ba86531&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866849.jpg?k=e4567bd72bc3081b145b4ba3d7b1589a4afb37453fd1feca92f29f8723b17edd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866879.jpg?k=d1346026ceee831d3c6121781d58ea13cf35c6acddc093959ed5c8c9248da72f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866944.jpg?k=83fe920171895607b6bdd8efcadb3b4b8f55192b195f3c34e62262ded2c04fc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866846.jpg?k=53b4031e615806b2963b498107caf1f87acc5055f0c538cb9fed7745675ce58d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866889.jpg?k=a35817f4d7da0b17145c8bd432b26fd897660143c7668a2e7d04f120b61482f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866929.jpg?k=58caeae7e4834690d9dd8256c1380c20f6c22b6855d605e5a46b0f5548bfa25b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100866830.jpg?k=89709b76fb89e4e68c71d9c8d219516808c8f1306b6b43e8b1d4dd98009ab1db&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 100 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 7 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Włodzimierz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We loved the private parking - it's a must in Saranda, with its narrow street and the number of cars. The apartment is spacious, clean and comfortable, and the views are are amazing!”"\n  - name: "Jasna"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment is even more beautiful than in the pictures. Very close to the beach, a 15-minute walk to the center.”"\n  - name: "Ahmed"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“Property has amazing sea view, as it covers most of saranda beach. The property agent And the owner were very kind and very polite. If I will back to Saranda it will be my first choice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beautifull-holiday-apartment-10.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, featuring a generously sized bedroom, a well-appointed bathroom complete with essential linens and towels, and a living space that includes a flat-screen TV with a variety of satellite channels for entertainment. The dining area, adjacent to a fully equipped kitchen, allows guests to prepare and enjoy their meals with ease. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to enchant every visitor.

For those who relish dining al fresco, an outdoor dining area is available, presenting an idyllic setting to savor meals against a backdrop of stunning mountain scenery. Additionally, the convenience of a dressing room adds an extra layer of comfort, enabling guests to refresh and change in privacy.

Located a mere 1.8 km from Saranda City Beach and a short drive from the tranquil Maestral Beach, Beautifull Holiday Apartment Edlira serves as an ideal base for exploring the local coastline. Further afield, the historic Butrint National Park is within easy reach, located 18 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest international gateway, situated 98 km from the apartment, making it accessible for international and domestic visitors alike.

In summary, Beautifull Holiday Apartment Edlira stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Sarandë's coastal charm, combining the comforts of home with the beauty of the Albanian Riviera.