---\ntitle: "Bebas apartment in the centre"\ndescription: "Bebas Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Saranda."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476238405.jpg?k=6917a31c287b75923c62d1c850480bd929b3e97865481272b5a58ad2dca24f6e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bebas-apartment-in-the-centre\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8758134\n  lng: 20.00574628\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476238405.jpg?k=6917a31c287b75923c62d1c850480bd929b3e97865481272b5a58ad2dca24f6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476587892.jpg?k=a998bdef5aed13b9b2bdd105b1e27fd87059b66f8d948dded9a02e93edc217f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476588124.jpg?k=64f97b736223df0a4aa4117ad9b3f33581b60674ef5d544628e9e875cdada802&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476266921.jpg?k=997c2e62d7ba7ccfc3154872f58e39c3b1af3ca4347a4e7596e387ea66321271&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476608789.jpg?k=8a6e0006c67a85bc4ce0e7d1c1e696497a7a0b9f64f1eee1db32bcd65806b759&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476588202.jpg?k=9747e23c198f00d80e972dacf426635ef47248e410cfa8a0b8de91e5a7882a97&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oda e Babës 100 m"\n  - "Nona Qebaptore 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 800 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The trip to this apartment was great. The apartment is large and very comfortable for 6 people (and friends or family). The location is great because you are in front of the beach and you don't need cars to get to the beach,
Finally, bebas...”"\n  - name: "Rubin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“No instructions were provided were to collect the keys. Address provided was not complete. Had to find the apartment based on the picture as nowhere outside was there an indication that this was Beba’s apartment. Texted called the host no...”"\n  - name: "Edlira"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Wonderful comfortable and large apartment, quiet location, accessible to all facilities like markets, restaurants. Definitely we'll come again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bebas-apartment-in-the-centre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically located, Bebas Apartment is within easy reach of the city's main attractions. Sarande Main Beach is less than a kilometer away, inviting guests for a leisurely stroll or a refreshing swim. For those looking to explore a bit further, La Petite Beach is accessible with just a 15-minute walk, offering a more secluded spot for relaxation. Adventure seekers will appreciate the proximity to Butrint National Park, located 17 km away, where history and nature blend seamlessly.

Each unit at Bebas Apartment is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a balcony that provides a serene spot to unwind. The well-equipped kitchen in every apartment allows for the convenience of home-cooked meals, complemented by the modernity of a flat-screen TV for entertainment.

For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km from the apartment, making Bebas Apartment an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors. This property stands out for its blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it an excellent choice for families and solo travelers alike.