---\ntitle: "Bed & Breakfast Mina"\ndescription: "Bed & Breakfast Mina emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479632895.jpg?k=cb490f3284fdebf4d7bd8a7ba7f3cd41e06089fcdd596f19835484029264ab34&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bed-breakfast-mina\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla Apartament 12, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3129394\n  lng: 19.80580505\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479632895.jpg?k=cb490f3284fdebf4d7bd8a7ba7f3cd41e06089fcdd596f19835484029264ab34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497583223.jpg?k=ab928ec7035fdceaeba4df3600f190fc89636d6d2f7c3a89bede3f4791026081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479632915.jpg?k=9daa746456ce2ace7d58d14b1e767542db47e24f8659e4c96198b26ce28b3ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497583014.jpg?k=9113a238ba3c8038ba4f8d49ea45a0ae751b5669662f998039edef7107117166&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479632919.jpg?k=35fdda427cdf487ea3cb4783812140068bddaec855773a9716767ac856a4b77f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497582847.jpg?k=ee0cc0754174f14acfef5fb5617bd9ea375505639818c85a8d53305279ab7b61&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Toscana A Tirana 40 m"\n  - "Piceri Hot 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alessandro"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Accoglienza, disponibilità e comfort sono stati, durante il mio soggiorno, i punti di forza.
Il quartiere dotato di farmacia, supermercati, punti di ristorazione, stazione dei taxi è, a mio avviso, strategicamente ideale per assaporare lo stile...”"\n  - name: "Klea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La camera è molto spaziosa e ben insonorizzata considerato che si trova vicino al centro di Tirana.
Bagno molto grande.
La colazione presso il Bed& Breakfast Mina ha qualcosa di eccezionale, in quanto a differenza di altri si distingueva per la...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bed-amp-breakfast-mina.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its commitment to providing a homely atmosphere, especially evident in its family-friendly rooms. Every unit is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, ensuring that both leisure and business travelers find their needs met. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are not only fitted with a bidet but also come with complimentary slippers, adding a touch of home-like comfort. Moreover, guests can stay connected with the world through the free WiFi available in all areas.

For those eager to explore, Bed & Breakfast Mina serves as an ideal base. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views of the area, is located just 7.6 km away. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, a mere 1.9 km from the property. Additionally, the convenience of being 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes arrivals and departures a breeze for international guests.

With its strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and a warm, welcoming atmosphere, Bed & Breakfast Mina is a standout choice for those visiting the area, promising a stay that combines the comfort of home with the excitement of travel.