---\ntitle: "bed & breakfast Local Living Edi"\ndescription: "Local Living Edi Bed & Breakfast emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Berat, offering a unique blend of local hospitality and modern comforts."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467552166.jpg?k=a849df81d7709862dd8eefa77f5658a667121f91a46beb9d18642d7d7dce40ba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bed-breakfast-local-living-edi\naddress: "Rruga Antipatrea, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.72526139\n  lng: 19.94213229\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467552166.jpg?k=a849df81d7709862dd8eefa77f5658a667121f91a46beb9d18642d7d7dce40ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/171519952.jpg?k=6e06fbecc8a7f621e6b3f2e20362ea554677bff3864a1e336e16d2cb552f01da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146064865.jpg?k=941edea8afa45a71881fa3e08a7ea915597f531955de2f89823006f5d21fb7a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201645730.jpg?k=ea8c5cac27c43e88435980de45ffc3a4c24262d93aca6af3111b662803d68b87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146065241.jpg?k=ecdfce17b392ed94eee53e15dc6a0ede3bed2a1770680b0b8247275d41efbb58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201645953.jpg?k=15f3dffb12bd8bb15db3aa55d5c829a06a6016294f76e7754239afc930bc83a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/171519924.jpg?k=bfdf5a5c090d4d280b8a2707276db60c7f874b3c146b1867b336bb89c151d533&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146065235.jpg?k=09bdfd92a11a6563a528970fdc41749f6536577ed08026a0f14aab09de5301e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201646046.jpg?k=bfacc82104445594c443bf316d2861c8b32645cab7773b3b872b2cc2277eeefd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Economy Quadruple Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Portokallet 100 m"\n  - "Fast Food Polovina 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 77 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Renate"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Just wow. Everything was perfect- breakfast, room and view. And lady allowed us to stay longer in room because our bus to Sarande left only at 1pm. Definitely recommend.”"\n  - name: "Petar"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The host waited for us when we checked in after the required time. She was really nice. The breakfast was delicious”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, very delicious breakfast, very friendly host, super clean room. Would come back fore sure ☺️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/local-living-edi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at this guest house are thoughtfully appointed with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment regardless of the season. Guests will appreciate the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi access throughout their stay. Each room is a haven of relaxation, featuring a terrace with mountain views, a cozy seating area, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and microwave, adds a touch of home, while the private bathroom offers luxury with a bidet and soft bathrobes.

For those who enjoy the finer things, the rooms are stocked with wine or champagne, fresh fruits, and chocolates or cookies, adding an extra layer of indulgence to the stay. The guest house also caters to the needs of the modern traveler with a snack bar and the option for packed lunches, perfect for days spent exploring.

Adventure and exploration are easily accessible, with sightseeing tours readily available and both bicycle and car rental services offered on-site. For those who prefer a more leisurely pace, the surrounding area is ideal for cycling, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of Berat.

Situated 115 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Local Living Edi provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless journey to and from the property. This bed & breakfast is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the authentic charm and beauty of Berat, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a memorable escape.