---\ntitle: "Bee Hotel"\ndescription: "Bee Hotel emerges as a modern oasis of comfort in the heart of Vlorë, offering guests a seamless blend of convenience and serenity."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475817738.jpg?k=85874397117ff22c0fc38694762ff56074d138e8e8c7e0c6ba1d8694c6772373&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bee-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Kastriot Gjini Nd 65, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.47238864\n  lng: 19.48454188\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475817738.jpg?k=85874397117ff22c0fc38694762ff56074d138e8e8c7e0c6ba1d8694c6772373&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475818024.jpg?k=e571a4dfba1a65f7b77545886bca2a9a739b426ce1daca371f200ea536f2e866&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476438856.jpg?k=a3b2d519290f1d670499c590d5072ffda6e04d8a1c56f4cdda51ddc1472faf1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475817893.jpg?k=10fbf3a0b3118e4f54d3bd57c68c57307a71763f632e245858343b6d750a347a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475818366.jpg?k=4a0c82887cf4cc29f7fe80384d6d01ecba0f64d8553643d2be1e17627b2e79e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475819752.jpg?k=e191bdcf3af889791ecf6650fd74d8f528bc31fcdb2563d7a82075861926b837&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Bufe 150 m"\n  - "Pizza Time 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 550 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 900 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 4.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Prebreza"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The place is very nice, we did have a hard time to find it though, I think there should maybe be better signs but other than that the rooms are really really nice, however it is pretty far from the city center if that is what you want to prioritize.”"\n  - name: "Maeve"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Exceptionally clean and well equipped. Very comfortable. Bathroom was amazing. Key code was super efficient idea. Host was really nice. Great value for money.”"\n  - name: "Walid"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“- The room it’s very beautiful and clean - the location of the apartment its very good -The room has a beautiful balcony”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bee-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nEach room at Bee Hotel is thoughtfully equipped with essential amenities to cater to the modern traveler. From the practicality of a desk and the entertainment provided by a flat-screen TV to the privacy of an en-suite bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels, every detail is designed for comfort. Additionally, the inclusion of a wardrobe and kettle in every room adds a touch of home, making stays both pleasant and convenient.

Strategically located, Bee Hotel is merely a stone's throw away from the city's vibrant Independence Square, approximately 700 meters to be precise, making it an ideal base for explorers keen on soaking up local culture and history. For those drawn to the allure of the sea, Vjetër Beach is within easy reach, just 2.5 km away, offering a tranquil escape from the urban buzz. The mystical Kuzum Baba, a site steeped in local lore, is also within proximity, located 1.8 km from the hotel, inviting guests to uncover the mysteries of Vlorë.

For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 148 km from the hotel, ensures that Bee Hotel is both an accessible and inviting choice for those seeking to experience the best of Vlorë. Whether it's the strategic location, the thoughtful amenities, or the serene environment, Bee Hotel stands as a testament to modern hospitality in one of Albania's most charming coastal cities.