---\ntitle: "Bejart Apartment 5"\ndescription: "Bejart Apartment 5 emerges as a gem in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location that places it within arm's reach of the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509930843.jpg?k=53f3f36aeae3a2517b085a1cad8ed67ab2ab028578557cae0970b0f969290306&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bejart-apartment-5\naddress: "Rruga Musa Agolli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33727022\n  lng: 19.82196108\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509930843.jpg?k=53f3f36aeae3a2517b085a1cad8ed67ab2ab028578557cae0970b0f969290306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209987.jpg?k=84772f991690f541474a7f606b4d7389e921bef02c99357327602d274560c832&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209955.jpg?k=5af0abab5edaf03d24a6dc2495ee0b3eec3dc0ce0454a9b236400568536aa0f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209939.jpg?k=cc179fdfe280b01403e2d5aabd3f6bda7c2ec5c7647017555d00cc266577d36b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209969.jpg?k=c0aeb38f2599a41d7d512705acf3ebfc1c11a418be7fae6c633d4459b04c0ac4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209974.jpg?k=4ac56fa93e536477678adcefd94581aa3a08344075f6605b3e0a551c48bc7b58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504301767.jpg?k=3900d7f2083613ef09faaa7f58c7e683d826b6afb106e61a88fe8ef5978ad9ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209944.jpg?k=e7d310b0758ed6fb6b95990dcef140756e1367938379b886cd37c7cde904efa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498209864.jpg?k=01c3c45150417fcac3984f5cdb345bfc377c858e61688f06b01606de5b11b6c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (79 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Restorant Durrsi 100 m"\n  - "Creperie Ios 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Judith"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Los dueños fueron muy majos y el apartamento era muy amplio y cómodo”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Duży apartament, w bardzo dobrej lokalizacji. Gospodarze zawsze uśmiechnięci i chętni do pomocy.”"\n  - name: "Stefano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ambiente rinnovato con i migliori comfort necessari. Colazione semplice ma adatta. Staff disponibile ad ogni richiesta anche all'ultimo minuto.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bejart-apartment-5.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, complete with a balcony that offers tranquil garden views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a living room that includes a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern amenities such as a toaster and a fridge. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. Guests also have the pleasure of dining al fresco in the property's outdoor dining area.

Morning risers are greeted with an Italian breakfast, setting a delightful tone for the day. The presence of a coffee shop and a minimarket on the premises adds a layer of convenience, ensuring guests' needs are met without having to venture far.

For those looking to explore, sightseeing tours are readily available, offering a deep dive into the neighborhood's rich culture and history. Families will appreciate the indoor play area, ensuring entertainment for guests of all ages at Bejart Apartment 5.

Noteworthy attractions in close proximity include the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it an ideal base for those eager to explore the city's highlights. For travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, ensuring easy access for both arrivals and departures.

Bejart Apartment 5 stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and culture in Tirana.