---\ntitle: "Bejart Apartment 3"\ndescription: "Bejart Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066801.jpg?k=8e05ba3581fb61b14e32a58d4d027ec22aa54c0d74a47dc7f48b7a2875fd36e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bejart-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Musa Agolli Apartment 3 shkalla 2 pallati 60/1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33735483\n  lng: 19.82191243\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066801.jpg?k=8e05ba3581fb61b14e32a58d4d027ec22aa54c0d74a47dc7f48b7a2875fd36e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066933.jpg?k=684d105e726531bedbc8de0aebcfc39c335cbbe01225d46486733e1d0ca7c3a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526696044.jpg?k=8b55826f3e6d962de1b0fc888847cf0eb9ae9422c7284b6b2ca6da80c853493d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066955.jpg?k=9cf1d2f9ac347b4be5b73506d4c4687c2ece27cba4b4a1d57d84a4e6a2081e1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066773.jpg?k=faceacd5497dcde1a7e8bc3bfe5c18b677b78dc7fee1f36cba9b0ad651a0b9aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066875.jpg?k=b27242c0306607c4e7c583b5490539785f2ea88e2468ec282d39466a8a391b89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381066880.jpg?k=6bbba37df0678f30f9948badd4d235a7bfe0a34a0add3e2a8c042bc6cf6d3ade&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504301287.jpg?k=9434e83a9ed961d863cab1c5d7005f6b6e3e9a06c6b5d2108e9b3e2bedeb5399&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526696239.jpg?k=5b794f319745dc0741f533180ee13f4acd8d5366f961c5953e60247adb8c1a85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (81 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Restorant Durrsi 100 m"\n  - "Creperie Ios 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ross"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment that exceeded all expectations! Plenty of room, very comfy and well equipped. Staff were welcoming and made our stay a pleasure! Coffee and toast each morning was an added bonus, as was car parking.”"\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great host, cosy apartment, delicious breakfast :) everything what needed during a short stay”"\n  - name: "Valentina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“It was an amazing experience. Our hosts were incredible, always helpful and nice. Breakfast was also very nice. Looking forward to coming back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bejart-apartment-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment distinguishes itself with its commitment to providing a seamless stay, featuring complimentary WiFi across the premises and a strict non-smoking policy to ensure the comfort of all guests. The air-conditioned space is thoughtfully designed, boasting a bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV, a dining space, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven. The addition of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity, allowing guests to unwind with a selection of wine or champagne in privacy.

Morning risers are greeted with an Italian breakfast, a delightful spread of fruits and juice, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. The convenience continues with the presence of a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site, catering to guests' needs without the necessity to venture far.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it effortless to immerse in Albania's rich heritage and contemporary lifestyle. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making Bejart Apartment 3 an accessible and attractive option for both short and extended stays in Tirana.