---\ntitle: "Bel Ami Suita Hotel"\ndescription: "Bel Ami Suita Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, situated merely 600 meters from the pristine Nettuno Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180343646.jpg?k=ea05100e860c53a406a0f1c98b5440d1e0ddb0aa55c4f7d822b96256969179c4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bel-ami-suita-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Nacionale Vlore Orikum, 9426 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34017861\n  lng: 19.47601084\nprice: "US$129"\npriceFrom: 129\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 413\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180343646.jpg?k=ea05100e860c53a406a0f1c98b5440d1e0ddb0aa55c4f7d822b96256969179c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266959880.jpg?k=aa0bded481f21aa7726fa5df45214ea5195566984ec469b0aae7a961ee0e1bad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180343409.jpg?k=3fec2700cd89c09e05a309498ebe78635e7f35c60a73f666d7c9d9b10b18d52a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266960070.jpg?k=3706df6ceab5d405794c92920339335ee61f69fa1dfc57c93e420b9a7597ee44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266960662.jpg?k=549bd197629dff684bb990d96fa2d4dc4ca9e339ae968ff307be76f733bc11db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299852325.jpg?k=1d52460fa435a03e3102952e51776b4cb5d6a4098753ea92f8a44639ba2a847e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kume 200 m"\n  - "Restorant Ibiza 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Baro Beach 200 m"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 500 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 900 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 11 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dirk"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had a great stay in the family run hotel. We were impressed by the cleanliness and the excellent breakfast. There were homemade jams, fresh butter, fresh whey, a custom-made egg and small freshly made pancakes to fill. You can feel the love...”"\n  - name: "Blaž"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Location was a bit out of Vlore, so if you are not traveling by car and you want to go to vlore everyday, you would have to grab a cab. Otherwise rooms were clean, cozy, fully furnitured and equiped. Bathroms ewas super big and super nice,...”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice, spaceous room with a very comfortable bed. Overall very clean, good facilities. The breakfast buffet was big and varied, with lots of local specialties and regional products. Fantastic! And the owner was just lovely.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bel-ami-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its attentive services, featuring room service and a 24-hour front desk to ensure guests' needs are promptly met at any hour. Accommodations at Bel Ami Suita Hotel are thoughtfully designed, each boasting a balcony that presents a breathtaking mountain view, setting the stage for a tranquil retreat.

Rooms are well-appointed with modern comforts such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a fridge, and a kettle, alongside essentials like a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a desk. Select rooms elevate the experience further with captivating sea views, and all accommodations include a private bathroom equipped with a shower, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay.

For families, the hotel's children's playground stands out as a delightful feature, promising fun-filled moments for the younger guests. Its location is also notably convenient, with Baro Beach just 700 meters away and Orikum Beach within a short 2.2 km distance. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is accessible, located 166 km from the hotel.

Bel Ami Suita Hotel thus presents itself as an ideal destination for those in pursuit of a serene getaway, where the beauty of Vlorë's coastline can be enjoyed alongside the comforts of refined hospitality.