---\ntitle: "Beleris Rooms"\ndescription: "Beleris Rooms stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the picturesque town of Himare, offering guests a serene retreat just steps away from the pristine Potam and Prinos Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196214937.jpg?k=f1e350a2f67132d99c023ec365049faddd1c9d76f9c6a5848cc203fa7a6afe4a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: beleris-rooms\naddress: "Potami, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.09580781\n  lng: 19.753745\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 154\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196214937.jpg?k=f1e350a2f67132d99c023ec365049faddd1c9d76f9c6a5848cc203fa7a6afe4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204046141.jpg?k=1a1621ac853bd2102019e2a6b59a78d1bf8220d34da20b9be9437b9c84f4eb04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204045403.jpg?k=83ba8d22b3bcbacc46634bc1c05261f539bf16366b46832954959285fcd9a183&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204049427.jpg?k=af7b71677e5c1fae6b2d20ce1a9bf55a5f56a52645f0a7c2f3a6b5ce7b12c12d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204044288.jpg?k=0ce414a16af23e40c44b442f1517f85e58cd3fe3d28909d84a78b8e4c4d6aa87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204046348.jpg?k=9e3f559291232d9b8abaf57a53a843c7628f60f0c84cb01967d0f49f4604f313&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260595566.jpg?k=4f038077817bfdc367e02ca28051459a5bc5dec5ba694398a220e83d3260e210&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260595571.jpg?k=fde0d7777aeeba23cc3b7f0f009b3e32d993404ff24c331bcf44b1ed3b8182c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196472259.jpg?k=19e5e05a7fd636a3870a83d993f864ffefdfdbc10be944bd90bec241ceb658dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi (4 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Potami Himarë 50 m"\n  - "Iceland 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Prinos Beach 20 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 20 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 450 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 700 m"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Glen"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Superbly located on the waters edge at the end of the beach. Going to sleep listening to the waves was fantastic and being able to sit in the room and watch the action on the beach or walk out the door and be on the beach was amazing as you don’t...”"\n  - name: "Ermira"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was amazing, location superb, balcony over the beach and the sea. Comfortable bed, air con works great. Would go there again, happily. I hope they will fix quickly the water issue flooding the beautiful and huge bathroom they had...”"\n  - name: "Ian"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“The location is outstanding, you are literally on the beach. Balcony view is awesome.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beleris-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Beleris Rooms is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels. For those desiring a touch more luxury, select rooms offer the added delight of a balcony, perfect for savoring the coastal ambiance over a morning cup of tea, courtesy of the in-room kettle. Heating facilities are standard across all units, ensuring a cozy atmosphere regardless of the season.

Dining at Beleris Rooms is an experience in itself, with the family-friendly restaurant serving up delectable Greek cuisine for both lunch and dinner. It's an ideal spot for guests to unwind after a day of exploration or beachside relaxation.

Adventure and leisure seamlessly blend at Beleris Rooms, where guests are encouraged to partake in local activities such as fishing, exploring the natural beauty and charm of Himare. For those venturing from afar, Ioannina Airport is located 142 km away, making Beleris Rooms an accessible escape for both domestic and international travelers seeking a tranquil yet engaging getaway.