---\ntitle: "Belix Seaview Apartments"\ndescription: "Belix Seaview Apartments, located a mere 500 meters from the pristine shores of Durres Beach, presents a recently updated haven for travelers seeking both the serenity of the sea and the convenience of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464186354.jpg?k=d513bfc732d8571abef4c2f9c469b73ae82c871d93d9e8daf7fb16bb58e91ac2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belix-seaview-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29277281\n  lng: 19.50880296\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 109\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464186354.jpg?k=d513bfc732d8571abef4c2f9c469b73ae82c871d93d9e8daf7fb16bb58e91ac2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464186362.jpg?k=216f3d662aaeeede1cd4e6ff7d069ded359dda7f7bc63233fa27e88bfd21b492&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374405181.jpg?k=23348e7d5f2891daac406101653cc0de6bcd96a33d6aab2cfd2021698abee75b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464186401.jpg?k=4a2b5a8747bf860bb8a5651779f2c6fa1a4310dee0d841474fb5d4620fe7a738&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374463223.jpg?k=345f98c76a4fe9047dfc757713e2ac63508e8af0c2f47c484358e365c1bb5881&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374462965.jpg?k=aef8d687005548fa5f50f8ad5b1a67acd6f831d8dd039d6bca1f9a5d93e3e330&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374462963.jpg?k=6d4ac02a98beaa5bb4c7ab35c7f828fdfd1f27090f4c1da0d2bb660af6107a8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374405795.jpg?k=6004309e5329da85c3e43f4f5e0fdc38c35d67bc18879f191d9393bcc2df387b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374405773.jpg?k=d77683bc18fd981488984d67650860e6899130b54bd5fa96aa3e501750a95f5a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpatat Shqiptare 100 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 800 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emese"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The staff was very friendly and helpful, everything was clean and nice, cozy apartment. Located at just 5 minutes away from the beach, nice view and AC in each room.”"\n  - name: "Irfan"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything is ok.Apartman is modern and clean.The owner is very kind,and she was very helpful for our stay.”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Cleanliness, low price, shops, cafes, beach - everything is closer than you can imagine. And the best staff ever! Totally professional, she's better than your wife and mother combined. We had a small medical accident - helps, local buses - helps,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belix-seaview-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Belix Seaview Apartments is further enhanced by its dual vistas: the tranquil sea and a peaceful street, promising a picturesque backdrop to a relaxing getaway. Just a short stroll away, guests can find the sandy expanse of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, located 1.2 km from the property, making it an ideal spot for families and beach enthusiasts alike.

Each apartment boasts elegant parquet flooring and is equipped with a full kitchen, including a refrigerator, dining area, and essential cooking utensils, ensuring guests feel right at home. Entertainment is readily available through flat-screen TVs offering streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and complimentary toiletries, alongside the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers the utmost convenience. While the allure of Durrës and its surroundings beckons, notable destinations such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, at 41 km and 45 km respectively. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 35 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service provided by Belix Seaview Apartments for a hassle-free transfer.

Belix Seaview Apartments emerges as a top choice for travelers in search of a serene beachside retreat that does not compromise on the comforts of modern living.