---\ntitle: "Belix Hotel Apartments, Near the Beach"\ndescription: "Belix Hotel Apartments, Near the Beach, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520829468.jpg?k=7963d7b4035199e005a545df5be98deb9806017bb3169c8ccef60718c70ccfe5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belix-hotel-apartments-near-the-beach\naddress: "Rruga Toefik Skilja, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30113586\n  lng: 19.50192462\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 58\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520829468.jpg?k=7963d7b4035199e005a545df5be98deb9806017bb3169c8ccef60718c70ccfe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475670701.jpg?k=97a703f5f4e3d1fd48f654cfcf26a8ac651538b2d09d2d4981e4b2c65fbce067&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476388700.jpg?k=c8dbeddeff200ce1c78997e51ce9fe2865b696045ddff00153fe596ccac4c01f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520838912.jpg?k=680dba0d9cb599d0b54769dccac87cd05127252f252abdde7972624078801af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520837437.jpg?k=d7bd9073891cbf54d38c96ab9140123b3a7115dd9e246cea988eb5524e28a572&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450392192.jpg?k=967db40a3a02c37cc555a516ade29738a73809e48941b6fd67546c6c4663a3ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 3 Vellezerit 150 m"\n  - "Brendon 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 450 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erjona"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Thank you to Klea.We had a lovely time in the villa and felt like home there”"\n  - name: "Vicenta"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Everything. I think it was perfect for the price, the room looked good and new, clean enough, comfortable bed, good location (bus stop, grocery store and delicious pizza nearby) friendly staff, airport shuttle was also very helpful and driver...”"\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The staff was friendly, and also walked with us to the parking spot to show us where we could leave the car as the parking and the hotel wasn't in the same building.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belix-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property is equipped with modern amenities to ensure a seamless stay. Each apartment is air-conditioned and features a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms are equipped with walk-in showers and hair dryers, enhancing the comfort of your stay. Free WiFi is accessible throughout, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a terrace. For added convenience, all units are provided with bed linen and towels.

For dining, guests need not venture far as the aparthotel houses its own coffee shop. The warmer months bring the opportunity to enjoy the outdoor barbecue facilities, perfect for a casual meal under the sky. The property also boasts a picnic area, inviting guests to spend leisurely days outdoors.

Situated 40 km from Skanderbeg Square and 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Belix Hotel Apartments offers a peaceful retreat with easy access to local attractions. For those arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 34 km away, with the aparthotel offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service.

With its blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful conveniences, Belix Hotel Apartments, Near the Beach, is an excellent choice for travelers looking to explore the beauty of Durrës and its surroundings.