---\ntitle: "Bellas apartment"\ndescription: "Bellas Apartment in Sarandë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just a short stroll from the pristine Maestral Beach and within easy reach of Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362772780.jpg?k=b15570a481427c1ef21926b75810e25baba5d0bd4065df3cbc18cc9f225aa268&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bellas-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9170 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86284175\n  lng: 20.01937374\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362772780.jpg?k=b15570a481427c1ef21926b75810e25baba5d0bd4065df3cbc18cc9f225aa268&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490245091.jpg?k=aa152dafe1c798afc6e0e2ccc0bab199b3cf68ee4deaab54527071b8eea40ffe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366983182.jpg?k=40fd775f2c7bade8ca8935f23c67caea4f36bca60e31f8aba0e894184b4fab7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365622599.jpg?k=e6fdd9a2a474cc18b61e232bb49f10b4d677bda885853d89fab433a0b91191f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366983058.jpg?k=91ad035da0c47545a3135cff8387e4140161121b9834b2bbacd4718017ca5fdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366982988.jpg?k=ef07f4075c0167e000285749e5c202e8b489ce7208e131f35d101c897f05242a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366983123.jpg?k=1935afcdc9ad634e6b91d8afcf9ff12f107d83e0f45ed416f999a92c23270949&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490245151.jpg?k=443768ead23f3dd709a5d92f36882137c09cf2bd8d4a9bc64b2ace618a29c7d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366982918.jpg?k=79c82686a6d55cb5f6e6ff9b3368182d7a14c73142aa58524513d0ce9b80eb49&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (40 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Bequa 2 40 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 500 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 700 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zarko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Everything was great like last time. Cleanliness, friendliness and comfort. Of course, if you could rate it 11. For every recommendation!”"\n  - name: "Митровић"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartmant is very nice, we were with 3 kids, and everybody have their own space, it is at quite and peacefull location. Apartments owners are very nice and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Zarko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartment is very comfortable, clean and everything you need is near you. The host is very kind i ready to cooperate. Althought we know it's not possible, the Overall impression would be an 11! 😀”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamente-pamela-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spaciousness and comfort, boasting a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster, catering to guests' culinary needs. The convenience is further amplified by the inclusion of a bathroom with a walk-in shower, complemented by the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Notably, Bellas Apartment is committed to providing a serene environment, underscored by its non-smoking and soundproof rooms.

For those looking to explore the local area, VIP Beach and Mango Beach are both less than a kilometer away, with the latter just a 16-minute walk, offering ample opportunities for seaside relaxation and adventure. Moreover, the property is situated 96 km from Ioannina Airport, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

Bellas Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation choice in Sarandë, promising a blend of comfort, convenience, and the allure of the Albanian coast.