---\ntitle: "Belleview Apartment 2"\ndescription: "Belleview Apartment 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by stunning city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261259906.jpg?k=08fd7c6061c158f9a915e8a21aa04d23860690929203d336d6bd147dc64cf1ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belleview-apartment-2\naddress: "Rruga Rushit Gurishova, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44320954\n  lng: 19.49645166\nprice: "US$215"\npriceFrom: 215\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261259906.jpg?k=08fd7c6061c158f9a915e8a21aa04d23860690929203d336d6bd147dc64cf1ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261149437.jpg?k=45c6b7f5b44ddcfe33019bc7339dcd7de09d2d0bb7acc657673fc2c58c1e9c3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261149455.jpg?k=d25738a68a8e2bcf34317963aa796e2a4ad526eb70e680eb6867d50cb912b71f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261149423.jpg?k=222ce78f8a11f5a0dff697df73bd9b2cc4a1cc6f1a13a20ea366a183beb952cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299853035.jpg?k=6cd1894f371545e63f190e630aa7e99dbb2298b0cde4283e467af05d1089528a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299853348.jpg?k=5a4943769c86703fcbcf8763e6de1d19bea5d354a0aee97246e72e73ccbbce98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299853222.jpg?k=f854faa25faf1827d333101844913fe3be5720bf9ac987e6d0eb4376fa56633a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261149373.jpg?k=c081046db4e92a96839c7b29804e4713bcfb76cc849d8264658cc2db3e024d7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140515603.jpg?k=29466af8914aa0913e5e682df4ba4ffa0879aebee975c8fd9c61808511d758ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amo Pizza 50 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 850 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 750 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leotrina"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The building, apartement and location was exceptional! We had such a good time and we Will definetly book This again!”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The property was true to the advertisement, was in a lively area with plenty of restaurants and bars, and was right on the sea front with lovely views. The host was relaxed but helpful and friendly.”"\n  - name: "Gianmarco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Vista, arredamento, servizi ottimi e cordialità staff”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belleview-apartment-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring a terrace that offers breathtaking sea views. Guests will find themselves in a three-bedroom haven, complete with a living room that boasts a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary needs. Additionally, the apartment includes two bathrooms, each with a bidet, and is furnished with bathrobes for that extra touch of luxury. Comfort is further amplified by air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and the convenience of a washing machine, making it an ideal choice for both short and long stays. It's important to note that this apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and comfortable environment for all guests.

For those looking to explore the local area, Ri Beach is easily accessible, located less than 1 km away, while Vjetër Beach is a mere 2.3 km from the apartment. For international travelers, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km away, with the property offering a paid airport shuttle service for a hassle-free journey to and from the apartment.

Belleview Apartment 2 stands as a beacon of modern accommodation, promising an unforgettable stay with its thoughtful amenities and prime location, making it a top pick for discerning travelers.