---\ntitle: "BELLISSIMA CASA AL MARE CON VISTA MOZZAFIATO"\ndescription: "BELLISSIMA CASA AL MARE CON VISTA MOZZAFIATO emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Golem, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Golem Beach and a short stroll from the scenic Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419337.jpg?k=dc8d264642745fa5e709c85306048e557ad5bbd6a53ca6e9b32403489a541a83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bellissima-casa-al-mare-con-vista-mozzafiato\naddress: "Rruga Kristal pallati ngjitur me bar orion, kati i 7, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25769599\n  lng: 19.52278238\nprice: "US$73"\npriceFrom: 73\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419337.jpg?k=dc8d264642745fa5e709c85306048e557ad5bbd6a53ca6e9b32403489a541a83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419431.jpg?k=bef477543f102b3191079807eb06813a8075f34363eacab3a7384d1b03d364c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419373.jpg?k=df333b5c3c13bcfc397b94bcd2825cd6a3997636df97fefc9fb58d7493076e1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419438.jpg?k=78208857beaf251573d36e183028b940f5252352289dbc3ddbd7c02fe4f97409&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419418.jpg?k=dfaa9e9f9a3052839a36dec5f089458d41028aa887e8f32d45bd8962fd6d3320&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484744315.jpg?k=251af9845260cc998be95b66bac61bb7b8f3bf68762833ff9b18f566e6997e5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482419436.jpg?k=ce545821ae3a791b763d042f85e73d6d8f63d461757b821fe7194be0c873d642&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484746071.jpg?k=31ef8d3229f0b7a8079fbc49f9149af406b75e29ce13c023f572bd6b0afc6714&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484746038.jpg?k=8fc82e969178c1252de5dfb6ff5650dfe828b1813739c8afe77ab3799cbf0191&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 150 m"\n  - "Pashtriku 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 900 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bouchra"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Alles comfortabel als gezin met kinderen alles dichtbij zee restaurants supermarkt das een aanrader voor mij een dikke 10 😊”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bellissima-casa-al-mare-con-vista-mozzafiato.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with all essentials, including bed linen and towels. The living space is designed to cater to modern needs, featuring a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment, a dining area for communal meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. The addition of a terrace invites guests to enjoy their surroundings in an open-air setting, enhancing the overall experience of staying by the sea.

Privacy is a priority at BELLISSIMA CASA AL MARE, with a private entrance to the accommodation ensuring a secluded and intimate stay. For those arriving by car, the convenience of on-site parking is a notable perk, alongside the option to hire bikes directly from the apartment, encouraging guests to explore the local area at their own pace.

Families visiting with children will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of outdoor play equipment, making it a family-friendly option. The nearby cycling opportunities also offer a chance to engage in outdoor activities while enjoying the scenic beauty of the area.

A handy minimarket within the apartment complex adds an extra layer of convenience, ensuring essentials are always within reach. For those looking to venture further, Mali I Robit Beach is just a brief journey away, while the historic Skanderbeg Square in the heart of the capital lies 45 km from the property. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 39 km away, makes BELLISSIMA CASA AL MARE CON VISTA MOZZAFIATO an accessible and appealing choice for both short and extended stays in Golem.