---\ntitle: "Belleview Apartment 3"\ndescription: "Belleview Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141160399.jpg?k=cb78b4d207a7a9b0c9cea5945326ac8c7b6a8b539ed1a3ecb642409982c03e29&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belleview-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Rushit Gurishova, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44323608\n  lng: 19.49655358\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141160399.jpg?k=cb78b4d207a7a9b0c9cea5945326ac8c7b6a8b539ed1a3ecb642409982c03e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148865658.jpg?k=f7c003f60c0146cbeab75a7e678503df29afc0dbcad487bfbceb9028fbadbc30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148868394.jpg?k=398439c325a5155ae75860061f191d92b00a6dca62549c10c74dcc8ba0718a4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148865567.jpg?k=8d1babc47b55ac7c254830ab05aaf8664858cd9d7f7febb5c4b7f80d84c4fcb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148865545.jpg?k=cf8fcb0e06c5cecfe7efc255e3c231c808aa6f8407a27908141fcb0d6ea4f70f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/65547559.jpg?k=42f0881965e620bbd0111f80b51c3ab874682342f39579692c7f374e6daff0ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141156909.jpg?k=ef7c1e3d1f1698ee54495ba66b15d92305b7e97cddbeb93b4be71d8e83a44b71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148868884.jpg?k=0d79feaba46ce82a1587f46b003577950ec81a255d970f3f2eb4dfa65d5119cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141158042.jpg?k=91cb2bb334d9547a389b33435cd444dd45d65d7b7067461a05934d8a34d7fe5d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amo Pizza 100 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 850 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 750 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilija8787"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment with 2 separate rooms and living room with kitchen and two bathrooms. The apartment is well furnished and with modern feel. The balcony has part of the view on the sea. The host was friendly and responsive.”"\n  - name: "Karine"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Situation géographique en face de la mer, deux douches avec deux grandes chambres...”"\n  - name: "Fatmir"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“L'emplacement, calme, vue sur la mer, grand salon, deux salle de bains, climatisations, restaurants et commerces à proximité.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marin-39-s-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a haven of space and luxury. Guests can unwind in a generously sized apartment that features a balcony with breathtaking sea views, two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen comes fully equipped with an oven and microwave, catering to all culinary needs, while two bathrooms with a hot tub add an extra layer of relaxation to the stay. Not to forget, the mountain views that provide a stunning backdrop to this coastal escape.

For dining, the on-site family-friendly restaurant presents a delightful menu of French cuisine, available for both lunch and dinner, ensuring that guests have convenient and delicious dining options right at their doorstep.

Situated a short drive from notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, Belleview Apartment 3 serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich history and culture of Vlorë. For those traveling from afar, the property is 152 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport and offers a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

With the added perks of free WiFi, free private parking, and a strict non-smoking policy, Belleview Apartment 3 stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Vlorë, whether for leisure or adventure.