---\ntitle: "Bella View Apartment"\ndescription: "Bella View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Velipojë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Velipoja Beach and a short distance from the stunning Rana e Hedhun Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466229512.jpg?k=8522b5c5cd0c47d6879ad2a37043697e7390cb059f0d36f05f7a0f0d4f8ba96e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bella-view-apartment\naddress: "Kompleksi Fishta, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86252241\n  lng: 19.43000362\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466229512.jpg?k=8522b5c5cd0c47d6879ad2a37043697e7390cb059f0d36f05f7a0f0d4f8ba96e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380796814.jpg?k=d7cb4a920846e2d38036a8d38716fb17adadc57b04e3da8755f8722a2574e37f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379323468.jpg?k=029d140660b5cf08e77ce9b9d1eb703ee4859de2bdcf8bf9f199f9822433f539&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379323469.jpg?k=f64383ad31ae0de121d6524c4cc526ee4ce9253fb5b34b61df7af1ca60f591d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379323474.jpg?k=a31da58f02a13688c8eb439946337a6d0cb5e5fd6f30748c70a8406f8e718ec0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379326510.jpg?k=9271242abec2ad2c09192a78b734f9ac9cb2d1f10392bf7cd80e93b1e4727eb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380797223.jpg?k=893d8da0c68dba8e13e7ef249f887551d971f61441d455aa3c8796ea3eddcec9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380797221.jpg?k=33e219843a2341438ce4e1f0d89adf38bf3636526ab4463db4d1c32343296b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379311368.jpg?k=07ae432e8c113a3395f4e930aabee72e1d065f5abbda11e5c2f4b2952fbfb6ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet 50 m"\n  - "Bar Deon 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 100 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 5 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 11 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 12 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 14 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 56 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hasan"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Everything was prefect near beach everything its near clening was prefecly”"\n  - name: "Alem"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment is in a great location. In the immediate vicinity is the beach, restaurants, bars. The hosts are great people, the apartment is clean and spacious. Ideal for families with children.”"\n  - name: "Szpitalny"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Piękny apartament, czysty, z wyposażeniem. Host bardzo pomocna, doskonale kontakt.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bella-view-apartment-shkoder-velipoje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, boasting a bedroom, a bathroom, and essential comforts including bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area cater to guests' culinary needs, while the balcony offers breathtaking sea views, perfect for dining al fresco against a backdrop of mountain scenery. Soundproofing and a private entrance ensure an undisturbed and intimate experience.

For those looking to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near a minimarket and offers a variety of activities in the vicinity, including cycling, fishing, and hiking. The beachfront location invites guests to unwind and soak in the coastal ambiance. Additionally, Bella View Apartment facilitates exploration with its car rental service, making visits to landmarks such as Rozafa Castle Shkodra and Lake Skadar effortlessly accessible. For further convenience, a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 84 km away, is available, ensuring a stress-free travel experience.

In summary, Bella View Apartment is an exemplary choice for travelers desiring a blend of leisure and adventure in the heart of Velipojë, offering a comfortable stay with a host of amenities and activities to enhance the vacation experience.