---\ntitle: "Bellavista Apartments Bougainville Bay"\ndescription: "Bellavista Apartments Bougainville Bay stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just 700 meters from the city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475208921.jpg?k=145cffecc415cce0576612f3e4d79c34f25895b984ea9e03cfc59a3788bded9c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bellavista-apartments-bougainville-bay\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Bougainville Bay, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86324573\n  lng: 20.01807692\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 199\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475208921.jpg?k=145cffecc415cce0576612f3e4d79c34f25895b984ea9e03cfc59a3788bded9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475249956.jpg?k=00c2ef96e63495b9ade9fbeee90722e78b4cd7db23d0e16dceb0b304b3d7929a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466760910.jpg?k=a8891a6056f627eaaa52b2410a2eebe219a4e8e35b778c950ad7dc5671614beb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466739310.jpg?k=712d3539111ecbc1ec0dabe3b5e462450d4c7cf40d3e149092a9b1db3321573f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466735615.jpg?k=d1656f40d80a4993006b9c2fa27e7dad065d5395bbc4297fbc4b26937e62d19b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475203501.jpg?k=98c567bec87452dbcd4863a85be1152d853f03e7da3f1a52cca07f22dbacd3bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475203507.jpg?k=0b6e244886d939d73ffedd276c6631fbd934eb924d8c64881098db4aba79d129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475203503.jpg?k=8e62a8f6475db2c20c0bae66c825d11a63fe25905c4a558e3c254ea852288543&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475236876.jpg?k=8b7e96eae5f1afe45beefe6ed20e0ae790963a7563d15e7cd5ca11e5f8c2b3d8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 50 m"\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 400 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Heinrich"\n    country: "Georgia"\n    text: "“The apartment was really nice and comfy for me and my family, the location was very close to the beach, a true as advertised property!”"\n  - name: "Az411"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment with an amazing view of the sea! Easy to contact the host for parking and key collection. This is an apartment which is a part of the hotel complex, which was clean, safe and secure. You can use the outdoor hotel pool for free...”"\n  - name: "Mihai"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host was nice, he waited us in an underground parking and keep us a parking place for free. The apartment is situated in a large complex with nice personal. There is a restaurant and a pool but you need to pay for it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bellavista-apartments-bougainville-bay.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Bellavista is a testament to elegance, equipped with air conditioning, LCD satellite TV, and a kitchen that meets all culinary needs. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which come with either a bath or shower, and the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home.

While the swimming pool invites guests for a refreshing dip at a small additional cost, the availability of sun beds and beach umbrellas ensures relaxation is never far away. For those looking to explore, a brief stroll leads to a supermarket and a selection of restaurants offering both traditional Albanian flavors and international cuisine.

The adventurous at heart will appreciate the proximity to Lekursi Castle, offering panoramic views of Sarandë from its mountain perch, and the historic allure of the seven nearby churches. For a deeper dive into history, the UNESCO-protected Butrint is accessible with just a 20-minute bus ride.

Conveniently, a bus stop is located a mere 25 meters from Bellavista Apartments, making exploration of the surrounding area both easy and inviting. This property not only serves as a comfortable base but also as a gateway to the rich cultural and historical tapestry of Sarandë.