---\ntitle: "BELUX HOTEL"\ndescription: "BELUX HOTEL emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335535650.jpg?k=2c4fc0d0a1a1264cae6bbec5bc1026a7806327ff8a5e7551955f32a3e0d030b5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belux-hotel\naddress: "Rr.Mine Peza nr.19 1001 Tirana, Albania, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33060598\n  lng: 19.81304941\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 877\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335535650.jpg?k=2c4fc0d0a1a1264cae6bbec5bc1026a7806327ff8a5e7551955f32a3e0d030b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224548059.jpg?k=a0604958f40c1e39da9cb1354f76377e3f4cda3dab4247fb4c7c57993096c1a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224499613.jpg?k=48a690aa6668c7680c1c4d090c1c9b3bf62b9278f1fc0cdce8dc2c6e402511ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323400040.jpg?k=3680f25c500928fbd307fffdef16fc6d07350f6d2d0586c4c23645ab1bcd233a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319373681.jpg?k=345f91f130f8ba3e3a8dfd42fb9b0cbac049cb2a0254f1eee294fc29b8854393&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225039346.jpg?k=ad2d7eef4f848c25d190973693cc9d371e77f7003e30d85ad26a4784ef9feca1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224506549.jpg?k=4330a35fd8ddcd292ed5f13c520f9361e45e065a0fd1b0589c93497d5575de7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225453111.jpg?k=54225853d24a67e7061534fc358785fc49ea4f9eb3f6cdc53917cb74ff8135fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224546194.jpg?k=4a7c40f1263192a5f92908f9713321f15dccce4a4d4bcedbfaa75168cbd45834&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Melbourne Bar 40 m"\n  - "Zgara King Pils 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anthony"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Good location with all major sightseeing activities very near. I had a comfortable large room which was well appointed given the room rate. Recommended!”"\n  - name: "Andrej"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Very nice hostess, breakfast was modest but ample. Excellent location - close to shops, sights and transport to the airport/ around town.”"\n  - name: "Faruk"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“excellent hotel
hotel staff very easy going and polite
clean room
loved the balcony family run hotel give you personal service Thanks guys”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belux.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering a serene oasis with its well-maintained garden, a terrace for relaxation, and a welcoming bar, ensuring guests have a variety of spaces to unwind. The convenience of free private parking, coupled with comprehensive amenities such as a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, room service, and ubiquitous free WiFi, underscores BELUX HOTEL's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Accommodations at BELUX HOTEL are thoughtfully designed with the traveler's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with essential furnishings, including a wardrobe and a seating area, ensuring a restful stay. The presence of air conditioning, a television, and a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries adds to the comfort, while select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony.

For those looking to engage in leisure activities, BELUX HOTEL does not disappoint. Guests can enjoy a friendly game of table tennis or darts, and for those eager to explore the city, bike and car hire services are readily available. 

The hotel's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and the National Museum of History Albania, makes it an ideal base for cultural exploration. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, BELUX HOTEL serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

In summary, BELUX HOTEL stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and access to cultural landmarks.