---\ntitle: "Belvedere Adriatica"\ndescription: "Belvedere Adriatica emerges as a serene retreat in the picturesque locale of Qeparo, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Qeparo Beach and a short stroll from the enchanting Borsh Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145521080.jpg?k=940931629c193cc9470524ee9cfdedf7fc353d83ac987dd1836f9c48a36d5dca&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belvedere-adriatica\naddress: "Qeparo Street, 9416 Qeparo, Albania"\ncity: "Qeparo"\nlocation: "Qeparo"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.05512244\n  lng: 19.82790464\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145521080.jpg?k=940931629c193cc9470524ee9cfdedf7fc353d83ac987dd1836f9c48a36d5dca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146835174.jpg?k=ea0af43e0b7507899198ff0e92c1494c611a65b1b942b7e9ad2a546604099023&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152928608.jpg?k=5df1ed3cd0da3f60658eb9f196f5c9f5f60f85a1c7d914169829d67d7030c829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152924728.jpg?k=6d496177ec915d7b715ef122c59f804c5aa0d82f04d97e92fd8e2d7962c7511f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146852145.jpg?k=cc98b0464f4e643f32939c767f90f91ebc11ad5cc7b1b21f0acd7c1860630de5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145521070.jpg?k=6ce073852d06bf09732a7fb2e44d46cda55c51cc804634daa81dfab3d4ae4c78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198130946.jpg?k=58af62bfbf66e6137dc32579c59f3b962353df66336cebc72a7d1b6ad096da1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152929013.jpg?k=8a0ebd76d23051a5de10569a22ef42fc0b272e454520dc99bef76cb113495189&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198106294.jpg?k=8a036caa46c69e41c3a7f6ea7ccd7e446e2e74253e2e277e37b6510c6977c6eb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorant Andoni 250 m"\n  - "Barbarossa Seafood & Pizza 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qeparo Beach 300 m"\n  - "Borsh Beach 800 m"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 2.1 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 50 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 93 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Szabo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is superb, up on the slope above the road and the beach. Parking is safe , behind a locked gate. Bedrooms are upstairs, they have large windows and glass doors with a large balcony overlooking the village. We had breakfast on the...”"\n  - name: "Emanuel"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly, we really enjoyed our stay. The delicious breakfast with the beautiful view to the sea is like a dream. The rooms are clean and nice.”"\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It is a great location, very well situated in front of sea, just across the main road straight up to the hill. You would have an amazing sea view, green garden full of olive and lemon tree, with great quality of air and amazing aromas.
It is a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belvedere-adriatica.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Belvedere Adriatica are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is furnished with essential amenities, including a wardrobe for personal belongings. The private bathrooms are equipped with walk-in showers and hair dryers, adding a touch of home-like comfort. For those who value connectivity, free WiFi is available throughout the property. Select rooms further enhance the stay experience with the addition of balconies, offering guests their own private vista to enjoy the serene surroundings.

For guests who enjoy the flexibility of preparing their own meals, Belvedere Adriatica provides fully equipped kitchen facilities. An oven, fridge, and stovetop are readily available, allowing for the easy preparation of meals at any time of day.

Situated 130 km from Ioannina Airport, the guest house is conveniently accessible for international and domestic travelers seeking a peaceful escape by the sea. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, Belvedere Adriatica is a prime choice for those looking to unwind in the beauty of Qeparo.