---\ntitle: "Belvedere Hotel"\ndescription: "Belvedere Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472052448.jpg?k=0f352a5c287a5939c3529b8c5095bd747defce936d6cbce104184c93bdafa351&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: belvedere-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42390484\n  lng: 19.49025041\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 183\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472052448.jpg?k=0f352a5c287a5939c3529b8c5095bd747defce936d6cbce104184c93bdafa351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458495257.jpg?k=cb9c3e9be1e47f7248752d70c9a9fbbce3459e5a8ac0b1362f0c81b04dd74392&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458494784.jpg?k=a2ff84d96b0241e082770aa0265a34d7bb910b488361523a4dc76ed6c9a9a58b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467524345.jpg?k=924c1e2a9349756f55495b401a9e3713e6eecd96f32353c2cc8b6c8278146059&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483613481.jpg?k=249ef1e7d5857f83859618d3de1a3687443ec6d0591dc2e43afec1bdb243d98a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458495220.jpg?k=eeb6269497950c8c147aad625c8f57f07ca6218c2ab3723562cf106dbb2b0d65&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Duplex Room with Sea View"\n  - "Duplex Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kristal 20 m"\n  - "Pizzeri Amantia 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 500 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 750 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ioannis"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Perfect view, very nice and spacious suite, very good breakfast”"\n  - name: "Shemsije"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“It was clearly a beautiful new hotel with gorgeous view from the room.
Very clean, comfortable beds!
Breakfast on the roof top was a great idea. We did eat mostly the same things every day though. Also to note: the hotel does not have a...”"\n  - name: "Even"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“- Amazing location and view - Great breakfast - Clean and modern rooms - The bar (where you have the breakfast) has an amazing view - Romantic location and venue
- Not the most important thing, but the Wi-Fi was really fast - The cleaning of...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belvedere-vlore1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Belvedere Hotel is thoughtfully designed to provide a restful experience. Guests can expect well-appointed accommodations featuring essential modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also include a balcony, offering a private space to enjoy the fresh air and views.

Understanding the needs of the modern traveler, Belvedere Hotel extends beyond the basics to offer specialized services such as room service, dry cleaning, and even airport transfers, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Business travelers will find the hotel's fax and photocopying facilities particularly convenient, while the availability of a car rental service opens up endless possibilities for exploration and adventure in the surrounding area.

Situated within easy reach of popular local beaches, including Ri Beach and Liro Beach, guests are perfectly positioned to soak up the sun and sea that Vlorë is renowned for. For those venturing further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 157 km away, making Belvedere Hotel an accessible gateway for international travelers.

In summary, Belvedere Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of essential comforts, attentive services, and an ideal location for both leisure and business visitors to Vlorë.