---\ntitle: "Besti the FISHERMAN Apartments"\ndescription: "Besti the FISHERMAN Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453823810.jpg?k=57a61135bb4e668f5cbc68beab88c7ae6f8690b0104198d74eb65b627bae79af&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: besti-the-fisherman-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Vangjel Pandi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87742321\n  lng: 20.00513622\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453823810.jpg?k=57a61135bb4e668f5cbc68beab88c7ae6f8690b0104198d74eb65b627bae79af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466491969.jpg?k=03b0955e8e7d1e06cafc7cfcad2de1f14221b564df076a7b934e1c5a9d96b17b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457710502.jpg?k=db195c491f45061c1ee4eca94efce37cdfceaa44c3d6cbb7bc85f1b5392d99c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466492668.jpg?k=acec5aefba267ced1e0325e561ac68322020b9a89221c32040c3c9af59afec54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466491798.jpg?k=f58f8d6d70a0dce08579a915cd36403e994209a28f6683cf56b3ae9273304554&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457707969.jpg?k=13ccc85d9489d62f0885d76d2e4b199c53d6330898fe435ce69080cc25984e40&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maliq coffee shop 50 m"\n  - "Pasuria E Detit - Fish Store 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 950 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Heyward"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“Apartment next to police station, feeling very safe when stay here. Walking distance to marina, bus station. Restaurans and markets are nearby. Room space enough and very clean. Host is friendly anf helpful.”"\n  - name: "Amber"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very beautiful apartment with a friendly host, enjoyed our stay here a lot in Saranda.”"\n  - name: "Samuel"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great place, everything like described and the host was really helpful and friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-treasure-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Besti the FISHERMAN is designed with guest comfort in mind, boasting balconies that offer a breath of fresh air and a view to unwind to. The interiors are thoughtfully appointed with a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to the culinary needs of its guests. The inclusion of a dining area and a private bathroom ensures a home-away-from-home experience, while the convenience of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space adds to the ease of stay.

Connectivity is seamless with free WiFi available throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventure in Sarandë. For those arriving from afar, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 97 km away, makes Besti the FISHERMAN Apartments a practical choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Besti the FISHERMAN Apartments stands out as a compelling accommodation option in Sarandë, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities that cater to the needs of modern travelers.