---\ntitle: "Bianco Hotel"\ndescription: "Bianco Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742569.jpg?k=9fb8640284bc022e6dcde917dffc5a8d42e6fd4dc7d1eaa621972e3ad3a8cd5f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bianco-hotel\naddress: "Street, Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77755257\n  lng: 20.00818183\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 199\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742569.jpg?k=9fb8640284bc022e6dcde917dffc5a8d42e6fd4dc7d1eaa621972e3ad3a8cd5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742524.jpg?k=00db3237c9caea5b7ff76c11ecc7ec370cafa18c2714a2b5d6d28e073d2c6448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742583.jpg?k=fd56521aa170f64195c5fdf2896a097d7290e4541de97d69a39a899fa8891f36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742529.jpg?k=c2c3e354e9fbae2346f20caef81cb304a78e164cd9c2a0bd92bc2e7d37ed7ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742562.jpg?k=c371b8ca0f148a9662853a156015b4ccae532bf09673f2f07b5126dbb7ca3629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742573.jpg?k=266e75f854aa66c777f263cbe8067e5ab7b197788203cc9f7626a9b116bd7325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742380.jpg?k=46d47a03efbd10cd51524cbf26b8b7f97fdcf36ee016728b0664d20540f52d12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742581.jpg?k=d5cae798a40195612f5267fde84b9fcb61a5e7fd155f4b354134b19f38247765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467742576.jpg?k=1e7cde3c516c3bdd0dd60af7a55b20f3596916f50ab9a972bc22b498b6513314&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 20 m"\n  - "Bianco Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The cleaning was supurb.Absolutely profesional cleaning of the room.Spacious rooms and well decorated.Nice breakfast as well.”"\n  - name: "Jo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very new hotel, amazing breakfast, great pool, lovely room, next to main road but much quieter away from the noise of the beach bars. Short walk to the sea and around the coast path to the restaurants and bars so perfect location. 2 mins to bus...”"\n  - name: "Milenka"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Very neat and clean. Cofirtable beds, linen and towels changed daily. Lady at the reception was very nice, she anawered all the questions we had and responded quickly to our requests.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bianco-ksamil12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bianco Hotel are thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of families and individual travelers alike. Each air-conditioned room is a haven of comfort, equipped with a desk, kettle, minibar, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, balcony, and a private bathroom with a shower. The attention to detail extends to the provision of soft bed linen and plush towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in its round-the-clock front desk service, convenient airport transfers, luggage storage facilities, and the availability of free WiFi throughout the premises. Whether basking in the sun on the terrace or exploring the nearby attractions, guests are well-positioned to enjoy all that Ksamil has to offer.

Situated just 1.1 km from both Ksamil Beach and Coco Beach, and with Corfu International Airport 94 km away, Bianco Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the region. This review highlights the hotel's dedication to providing a welcoming and comfortable environment, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in Ksamil.