---\ntitle: "Black Diamond Hotel Dhermi"\ndescription: "Black Diamond Hotel Dhermi emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Dhërmi, just a kilometer away from the pristine Dhermi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482316731.jpg?k=05126ffb0f29ebc3452e7a18f601470d26f5006fabef5f8ad6eabf31cb44e0d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: black-diamond-hotel-dhermi\naddress: "Rruga Perivolo Dhermi, Vlore, 9422 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15057552\n  lng: 19.63209127\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 178\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 7.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482316731.jpg?k=05126ffb0f29ebc3452e7a18f601470d26f5006fabef5f8ad6eabf31cb44e0d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465835097.jpg?k=60cc7bea3590a32128eb422e4d06d983e0a329ecb3e672b06269b94b57e07821&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465836818.jpg?k=9f394897e3463a87db32fd21c907bb6f340812c7c83dad2e8ea1f52b04ca9b4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472522145.jpg?k=b4205c267c6d27b59e5fdb641b61a47dd869e2b4cc2c7ffefa20d5b73342415e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472732559.jpg?k=ad8c08a43fbb514e79662fc54d812caa2cae9827f1ecdcd9467138838a89cd14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473366747.jpg?k=60d19f0c1cf55fe953de39ab6512bc6621eaf5b66fc5d64f6fdb951a88a591a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480881712.jpg?k=c3a00bd0f68e6a1aa36993d028626849d1a963449eaa0cf0a37820496b7b1ccb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465833628.jpg?k=50e5fcbfcb10cca2f0ab6e56cdface6c813f6a07c2dae041ff4d4d74625c3dfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469812934.jpg?k=ffaf987967a733d7d37c8150740bbcea679057685d73a7f5efdb218879f431ba&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elysium 200 m"\n  - "Harmonia 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Dhermi Beach 750 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 64 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bajrami"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were clean, very comfortable, and the staff was amazing. Highly recommend! We will come back! 🤗”"\n  - name: "Roxana-gabriela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel has a fantastic location with amazing facilities! Everything is modern and new. The staff was amazing, making our stay very relaxed and enjoyable!!! I cannot wait to come back here!”"\n  - name: "Hamitaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was comfortable and beautiful. Very clean and with all facilities. The stuff was friendly and helpful. View is amazing and the food delicious. They offer buggy ride down to the beach, where they have their own spot.
Highly recommended😍.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/black-diamond-dhermi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest comfort, offering room service around the clock and a 24-hour front desk to address any needs or inquiries. For those with sensitivity concerns, it's noteworthy that the property maintains an allergy-free environment, adding an extra layer of peace of mind to your stay.

Accommodations at Black Diamond Hotel Dhermi are thoughtfully appointed, featuring televisions with satellite channels for in-room entertainment. The inclusion of private bathrooms equipped with slippers in every room adds a touch of luxury, while select rooms boast captivating sea views, promising a serene backdrop to your stay.

Guests are invited to unwind on the hotel's sun terrace, an ideal spot for soaking in the sun or enjoying a quiet moment. Although the hotel is positioned 161 km from Ioannina Airport, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service is offered, simplifying travel arrangements for those arriving or departing by air.

Situated a brief drive from the equally stunning Palasa Beach, Black Diamond Hotel Dhermi stands out as a premier destination for visitors to Dhërmi, offering a harmonious blend of luxury, service, and location.