---\ntitle: "Black Diamond in City Center"\ndescription: "Black Diamond in City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691415.jpg?k=763c4dca20edca0bebde83407e6fb347aaf5bf113187bbc600a8fe6ca9998fa4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: black-diamond-in-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Isa Boletini, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33364798\n  lng: 19.82184196\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691415.jpg?k=763c4dca20edca0bebde83407e6fb347aaf5bf113187bbc600a8fe6ca9998fa4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691414.jpg?k=684735960be74ce8f99db897ed7b8c06eac7e38a5ebc7fb6cb6435802790f4b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691411.jpg?k=6eab0bbf6c548787b7eddc3f9d6425036bbfaee00f92551005960a4e87cc0451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691412.jpg?k=7d5bddb528639a9445d3ec23e6d35ea33be8859409045d0d6ac100c9a43b63c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691416.jpg?k=8d84fb65c69af53dcf2b10b9012ed0fce90b6dece3fc8354c63b16b2cc3b7f7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691419.jpg?k=bc9bf8211f76d0892b2eb055c38438210067ad079a6827f041421a570f84e502&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691425.jpg?k=f93fdca615f428e52f5e150eef067b6f53eebec45652cafcee2595bfc45e92d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691421.jpg?k=027b0baa6cabeb7926d8ce4c4873107e023bcb48f7aa832f1c941313ac446574&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484691420.jpg?k=924e5d29400bb15ca29d0106f0b23bd71652ab1d9bf82ea840d6752bc064f29c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Wonderful Hallall 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was super clean and nothing was any problem to Mirjan.
He came and introduced himself to us and brought us water & juice which very nice of him.
He gave us details of what to do, places of interest and lovely restaurants to visit....”"\n  - name: "Kala"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A spacious apartment, centrally located and very comfortable. Strongly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione ottima, a 4 minuti a piedi dal centro, condominio nuovo, pulito, con ascensore. Massima sicurezza nel quartiere. Negozi e ristoranti vicini. Gestore disponibilissimo. Appartamento spazioso, grande, con 2 bagni, dotato di tutto.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-2br-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spaciousness and functionality, boasting two separate bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dining area and oven. The inclusion of a living room with a flat-screen TV, along with towels and bed linen, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. Guests also have the luxury of an outdoor dining area, perfect for those balmy evenings.

For those planning to explore the city's sights, Black Diamond in City Center does not disappoint. The provision of packed lunches for day trips adds a thoughtful touch to the stay. Moreover, the property facilitates both bicycle rentals and car hire services, making it effortless for guests to venture out and discover Tirana's attractions, such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania.

Located just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Black Diamond in City Center is not only easily accessible but also serves as an ideal base for both leisure and adventure in Albania's bustling capital.