---\ntitle: "BLANC 7"\ndescription: "BLANC 7 emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384145166.jpg?k=b31a4e7187912492aba89477ff07ef794be552d2ba0d16cbe5eb24c4d4448800&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blanc-7\naddress: "Rruga Abdulla Keta Apartament blanc bistro kati 7, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33166803\n  lng: 19.82144115\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384145166.jpg?k=b31a4e7187912492aba89477ff07ef794be552d2ba0d16cbe5eb24c4d4448800&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391793605.jpg?k=5d15db261efb7c5c68337b8850176739a915a769355fe7eaa8dd236f607fd8fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391795569.jpg?k=dbd6e566a3490f726306b37aad3d8bd64d361915369b40adda8c8d3561f115a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384145176.jpg?k=924cfeb0b26f1a50b02c36f03c4973d059811146e2931c807545a9f5648839f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391795053.jpg?k=f9dafc5e0b641193d8f64157638566631d3155a762b85fe8d6ee8025b3d7c84c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391792043.jpg?k=f0578fae07b0148a7a904601b66ab2e867ae8604338e1f8da4c7467d81f3c623&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384145158.jpg?k=8933ecfc2ec1e1e3b30d53798340ad185fad323779e086dd854419b32f935be7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391790867.jpg?k=6121a55521cfe08e4a1b2710390d3a933388d800c1cef5d46142babcf83cc1c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384145172.jpg?k=a8a83eb14d1b730bd88b570ad46dd31e2b1438b599fcd29d99fcd26945d14a05&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fratellis Fish House 30 m"\n  - "Mon Amour Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jos"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“- Right in the middle of Tirana. - Staff is very helpful. - Great food and drinks”"\n  - name: "Rochelle"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very centrally located, walking distance to all interesting attractions. The apartment is enormous and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is beautifully decorated. It's very comfortable. There was free WiFi. The building felt very safe. The location was great. Parking was secure. The staff were really friendly and helpful. We felt very welcome and anything we asked for...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blanc-7.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting air-conditioned spaces throughout, including a generous balcony that invites guests to enjoy their own private outdoor retreat. The layout is thoughtfully designed, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space and privacy for all guests. Entertainment needs are well catered to with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, making it easy for guests to unwind after a day of exploring the city.

BLANC 7's location is particularly noteworthy, placing guests in close proximity to several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania are all within easy reach, making it an ideal base for those keen to delve into the rich cultural tapestry of the city. For those traveling further afield, the convenience of being just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal of BLANC 7 as a top-tier accommodation choice in Tirana.