---\ntitle: "Blerina Farm House"\ndescription: "Blerina Farm House emerges as a serene retreat, situated just a stone's throw away from the bustling heart of Skanderbeg Square, approximately 11 km to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438433223.jpg?k=41cdf2010f862bb3565e678ce88a3595e84d8a952761261e488d68ba222b2115&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blerina-farm-house\naddress: "Rruga Muharrem Bajraktari Blerina Farm House, 1030 Laknas, Albania"\ncity: "Laknas"\nlocation: "Laknas"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.371555\n  lng: 19.735237\nprice: "US$85"\npriceFrom: 85\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 131\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438433223.jpg?k=41cdf2010f862bb3565e678ce88a3595e84d8a952761261e488d68ba222b2115&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667549.jpg?k=2eb1cf4aac5c06571afb6283ff8b90ab6b5b66f946755a10c48f3dd76e5cfa71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324837979.jpg?k=f7bba6a29e833e6704d9408d59092099ab5f8bbbc8f5ff1cc5123379ce67d203&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667541.jpg?k=837c621063715a998a1126985de419ac81862c282cb186dfed34fb724f5bbd6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438432528.jpg?k=9ff0882c4b33566834fccd2be9cc1fb698040412fc5948d0bf8585feea11011e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438433202.jpg?k=8ae72516e5a190aa252aa63dbf980cb034c014e544408f85b47372b77011c77e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438670833.jpg?k=a979bcb57e266d10910c960100f81eec37366e25dddcfeea19de3656de96e3b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667555.jpg?k=bdb7d0eba4410f0be9ce0e0a6bb226639d8bd292dc4a08320164166c56d3b2c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438670813.jpg?k=965f91abab66a0e4f919383aceba371f213a7afb89f3fada604a06724a8ca480&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Queen Room with Garden View"\n  - "Queen Room with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 10 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blerina Farm 20 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Alcani 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 6 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 3.1 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marju"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Breakfast was very good from local food, also dinner was plentiful and delicious. Very cozy and romantic outdoor restaurant, a caring host. We were able to walk through the greenhouse to the restaurant and see what is grown there. Also our room...”"\n  - name: "Ruth"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A beautifully converted property.Bright airy rooms with tall ceilings.Lovely restaurant in the garden.Very attentive staff.”"\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had a very pleasant stay. Comfortable apartment equipped with everything needed, AC and Wifi working well, next to greenhouses in a quiet neighbourhood. The food and hospitality was amazing and we would have loved to stay longer! They are happy...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blerina-farm-house-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Blerina Farm House are thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts including air conditioning, satellite-channel flat-screen TVs, refrigerators, and coffee machines. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms equipped with slippers, and select rooms boast fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens, for those who prefer a home-cooked meal. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of plush bathrobes, desks, and the essential bed linen and towels in each unit.

Dining at the property is a culinary adventure, with the on-site restaurant welcoming guests for dinner, lunch, brunch, and even cocktails, catering to all tastes in a family-friendly atmosphere.

For those seeking relaxation and rejuvenation, Blerina Farm House offers yoga classes on-site, allowing guests to unwind and reconnect. The surrounding area of Laknas invites exploration with walking tours, while the property itself encourages leisurely moments in its verdant garden. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring peace of mind during their stay.

Located a mere 15 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 11 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the country house serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 6 km away, adds to the appeal of Blerina Farm House as a convenient and enchanting getaway destination.