---\ntitle: "Blerina's house (lovely house in centre)"\ndescription: "Blerina's House stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382907763.jpg?k=1db93383a0acd658864c8f744a8958ff2ce3ec14466c94925b101f5a1d545419&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blerina-s-house-lovely-house-in-centre\naddress: "Rruga Fejzo Mehmeti, 2751 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8757189\n  lng: 20.0109744\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382907763.jpg?k=1db93383a0acd658864c8f744a8958ff2ce3ec14466c94925b101f5a1d545419&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376894277.jpg?k=8aca8ec36502c806ddb1e3ba2c4098c2674b5961458c8dce728d2f7eedc095d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382909655.jpg?k=e9bbc974e2ad071d5392bf93a2dedf7f4116be9f406a6bd4b703fb263d9ec985&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382908578.jpg?k=aaca1695b836ebfeb1a200abb75cd561efdd69ab8ece0ce8aee8943abf208688&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468787903.jpg?k=e6988827cbc5d4c9be9ce2976fa1a04f93aaaa7b9100d5ad92da85ee117fe338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382909362.jpg?k=9653834b656d9b741cfd9cf6153708938ab39c45be0013a10825e28e7c9e5961&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382909449.jpg?k=d9aa8828f5a6460a91e2da8a23e40593cbcc44309ff779c4f278c36bc294189c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446793615.jpg?k=4aa1e9353c7d818e9f0b5169ba0d023bd8f80a013a46e077b958ca3ad3aa8cc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446807763.jpg?k=729d6b9eee3cb0cb60069f7b4ef73a39329809ce374cc555487f1e5f261e66a5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Isufi 100 m"\n  - "Nasto 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Elegant apartament with 2bathrooms and a nice terrace with sideview of the șea.
The owner was friendly and gave us a lot of details about bus schedules, stations, trips.”"\n  - name: "Nikoletta"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Szállás tiszta,szép, tágas és világos.Közel van mindenhez.Tenger 5 percre van.A házigazda kedves és segítőkész.Nagyon megvoltunk elégedve mindennel.”"\n  - name: "Szymik"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wspaniała lokalizacja blisko do głównej bezpłatnej plaży. Bardzo blisko do głównego deptaku z wszystkimi atrakcjami turystycznymi. W apartamencie wszystko co potrzeba i bieżący kontakt z właścicielem. Polecam”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blerinas-house-lovely-house-in-centre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, two bathrooms, and an array of amenities including bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen invite guests to feel at home, while the balcony presents breathtaking sea views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The added benefit of a private entrance and round-the-clock security offers unparalleled privacy and peace of mind.

For those looking to explore, Blerina's House is ideally positioned within easy reach of local sightseeing tours. Additionally, families will appreciate the indoor play area, ensuring entertainment for guests of all ages. The apartment is conveniently located near popular attractions such as Maestral Beach, La Petite Beach, and Sarande Main Beach, making it an excellent base for beach lovers and explorers alike. With Ioannina Airport 97 km away, planning your arrival and departure is straightforward.

In summary, Blerina's House is a top recommendation for those seeking a comfortable and convenient stay in Sarandë, offering a perfect blend of home comforts and easy access to the city's highlights.