---\ntitle: "Blin Apartments"\ndescription: "Blin Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090567.jpg?k=ad5f17835387647e2490b5e438a18dbcba60a2223cb6040a6c2e5857433bdbcb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blin-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Bogdanëve Floor 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32957888\n  lng: 19.80877306\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090567.jpg?k=ad5f17835387647e2490b5e438a18dbcba60a2223cb6040a6c2e5857433bdbcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090531.jpg?k=c65ab863083a042d11ae41b06dccf94b870f16ae22375c52126402048bd80b1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090557.jpg?k=1e50555c6cd2ccfec188480112905e84879db90087cd86489839447e01d0ac7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090598.jpg?k=74d4279709dc9432e588e1954aa55aae646d5a7a0d0dbc293cbf2f122a6b2807&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090614.jpg?k=350fd38535bce4e798fe79c496d2431403badb17c4c3d8b765f00b2f41d417a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090549.jpg?k=722aa8830c4e83ef35b2aad94d1387d7b7df4f2748fc53f2a1df7ce2eeb4fa12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090605.jpg?k=c8dba6e555f44511c50d70800a281f8926e5d720304fa8653fee1c781837fab9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090645.jpg?k=dfc8a5f15a6c59ffef43bd218cc7d1624a66ec58e7cdc52dbca18728b5a7ba7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524090527.jpg?k=dc2e5fc694ea057bc27f88cb8039f5fe46d2d1c9a37c3291aa71e6b66bdd1213&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aloha Fish & Grill 100 m"\n  - "Wintergarten Bistro 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tarik"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“I was the first guest and was pleasantly surprised with the property. The appartement was brand new, modern, clean, fully equipped and all was functional. It actually looks better than in the pictures. Bed was very comfortable and the AC/heating...”"\n  - name: "Dirk"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“This is a completely new and very comfortable apartment in an excellent location. The host was extremely kind and accommodating -- highly recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blin-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nGuests at Blin Apartments are treated to a serene retreat in a meticulously designed air-conditioned apartment. The space boasts a bedroom that promises restful nights, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a dining area for intimate meals. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, invites guests to prepare their own gourmet experiences. The living room, a cozy nook for relaxation, and the added touch of complimentary chocolates or cookies make for a welcoming atmosphere. A private entrance ensures exclusivity, while the views of quiet streets below add to the tranquil ambiance.

The property prides itself on being a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests. The convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, allowing guests to connect and plan their adventures with ease.

For those keen to explore Tirana's cultural landscape, Blin Apartments is ideally positioned near several key attractions. The House of Leaves, National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park are all within proximity, offering a glimpse into the rich tapestry of the city's history and vibrant community life. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Blin Apartments stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a perfect base for both leisure and exploration in Tirana.