---\ntitle: "Bliri Ring Center"\ndescription: "Bliri Ring Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523260572.jpg?k=9081286d9899c3a8316b597e144b69f8e0edd8650315a5d4b03aebfc9e1300ae&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bliri-ring-center\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha 23, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33107857\n  lng: 19.80350702\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523260572.jpg?k=9081286d9899c3a8316b597e144b69f8e0edd8650315a5d4b03aebfc9e1300ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501030322.jpg?k=8324c113ced088b8820eea547bf44451619fecfcb400288e078c3ed6eee091bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506389615.jpg?k=abdb329e2bf6e859f716cbea117d1cb7b28c43799b92124e79d7b4d3bedf0e04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513159071.jpg?k=8cc308044886cb3bda931afc2d301f3c8736a59a6aa12bae24766f2378510ef3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488286153.jpg?k=0f73fc7f5e77887bb31872a399ebd4212d090b8853f098c85cd64f4acc917e80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506394311.jpg?k=1b4eb739de09e1d3afd89afab174594cacb2247dc8236c7e64709b4662070fbd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Executive Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Qebatore 30 m"\n  - "Cataluna Lounge Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mohd"\n    country: "Malaysia"\n    text: "“10 stars for everything. Bliri was a great guy and very helpful. Will stay here again if I come back in Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Our host was very helpful and kind! Gave us advice on what to see during our vacation and drove us to the airport. Really nice location. We can really recommend staying at Bliri ambassador!”"\n  - name: "Abdulla"\n    country: "Bahrain"\n    text: "“Near Tirana Ring Centre, near Asllan Rusi Bus Station, there is private toilet, friendly staff, kettle provided”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bliri-ring-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment within Bliri Ring Center is designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, alongside complimentary WiFi, adds a layer of convenience and connectivity. Select units further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a balcony, offering serene city views that capture the essence of Tirana.

For those keen on discovering local landmarks, Bliri Ring Center is conveniently positioned near notable sites including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 13 km away, ensures seamless travel arrangements for both international and domestic visitors.

With its thoughtful amenities and strategic location, Bliri Ring Center stands out as a compelling accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana, whether they're in town for leisure or business.