---\ntitle: "Bliri Executive Suite"\ndescription: "Bliri Executive Suite emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477092955.jpg?k=c37851635c19e4d803d9153032efa774f33fc73e6259ff729b1d62557e600a61&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bliri-executive-suite\naddress: "57 Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32486342\n  lng: 19.81694919\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477092955.jpg?k=c37851635c19e4d803d9153032efa774f33fc73e6259ff729b1d62557e600a61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299910.jpg?k=88fd2306d0053447bd3bc0e6a4e10f47400c24fc9316abd6507594368306541c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299817.jpg?k=617675b557174456800be6ba6dfa56720bea3fb6aeadda5441d8f2af89933851&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377310615.jpg?k=f4a49aa7d5e1d0ed6614ee3c8e45fbf1477482bed2c962eca3b269232ca7c195&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299842.jpg?k=9e31f85c60e6b4848c1704c7a503eeefc839445c3d96277dabe3602f4fd708b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299804.jpg?k=43ba724500e4f14fb976a9d432504f3812de821a19e524fee27505a283545f71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299868.jpg?k=cfdc58e83bc1ecdc8ed25ea9319ff29bc1225501589c8d2552b0180e6aa2937f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299797.jpg?k=39734e9c7768e9124eb51f0240809b6cf32fd423c0d1d072f714b591d4b09c91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377299833.jpg?k=ee82b5ca71b96d4134a4988f0b305ca8484f9aaad1400d079072d8c8eddfef60&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baste Live 2 m"\n  - "Mulliri i vjeter 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 100 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Evelina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is perfect - central and everything was super close. Bus stop for buses which are talking to airport was 5mim away.
Flat was super clean, cosy and host was super helpful. They sent very detailed instructions about how to locate the...”"\n  - name: "Imke"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Really nice room, very clean and super nice host. Would recommend!”"\n  - name: "William"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Location was fantastic, spotless, great bathroom. Host was friendly informative and helpful. Really east instructions for check in provided.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bliri-executive-suite-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe suite itself is a testament to modern living, featuring an air-conditioned space that includes a separate bedroom, a bathroom equipped with a hair dryer, a cozy seating area, and a living room designed for relaxation. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a pleasant stay. Moreover, the suite boasts a private entrance, underscored by full-day security, providing both privacy and peace of mind.

Cultural enthusiasts will find the location of Bliri Executive Suite particularly appealing. A stone's throw away lies the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, Rinia Park, and the Saint Paul Cathedral, offering a deep dive into the local arts and community spirit. Additionally, the House of Leaves museum is a mere 200 meters away, inviting guests to uncover the intriguing history of the area.

For those keen on exploring further, the apartment is conveniently located near historical landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Reja - The Cloud, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, each offering a unique glimpse into Albania's past and present. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Bliri Executive Suite stands as an ideal gateway for both international visitors and those looking to explore the depths of Tirana's vibrant city life.