---\ntitle: "Bliri Myslym Shyri"\ndescription: "Bliri Myslym Shyri emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478477776.jpg?k=9c48bf7a87bf8369f01244f3e1e4a7ce93815816c9724fd862f1f04bc42ee105&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bliri-myslym-shyri\naddress: "56 Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32489815\n  lng: 19.81173014\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 129\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478477776.jpg?k=9c48bf7a87bf8369f01244f3e1e4a7ce93815816c9724fd862f1f04bc42ee105&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358267282.jpg?k=e11b15c7afe9ebfc9e1d4e8523094a3e4be344d5ac4e78d55ab38a0625a74fd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358268599.jpg?k=8b533d01ed4d4ec7c35abe41e4b196c5c110633fd18fc6a2db78a2143543814e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358268634.jpg?k=ae30cdca3ed76c2c9136e74a7f71ed6ca85d106246bdeeeb851325fe0a100c9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358268629.jpg?k=bd53541e0dbec60ddca20378e34bd8585b8ff98125429bdc8430eb728351806e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358267287.jpg?k=a8731d7f4051ed1338402175df4ccf50b45414b40ba7545440fe7de13dea4d5a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Extra Bed"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Art Lounge 20 m"\n  - "Golden Time 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Padraig"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Location was excellent. Room had everything we needed. Host was outstanding. Super value for money.”"\n  - name: "Leka"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The location was great, comfortable bed, free water.”"\n  - name: "Doriana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Every thing was clean and nothing was missing, to the smallest details. The location is well situated and everything of interest in Tirana is a just a short walk from there. The owner was very friendly, even took us from the bus station to the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bliri-myslym-shyri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Bliri Myslym Shyri is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, boasting air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of home comfort. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary slippers, adds a layer of luxury to the guest experience. For those who need to stay connected or plan their day's itinerary, a desk and a coffee machine in every unit ensure productivity and relaxation go hand in hand.

What sets Bliri Myslym Shyri apart is not just its facilities but its prime location. Guests find themselves in close proximity to cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, making it an ideal base for exploring the city's rich history and vibrant social scene. Moreover, the convenience of private check-in and check-out streamlines the arrival and departure process, allowing more time to enjoy the sights and sounds of Tirana.

For families, the availability of spacious family rooms ensures a comfortable stay for all ages, while the promise of free WiFi keeps everyone connected. Whether it's unwinding at the bar after a day of sightseeing or planning the next day's adventures, Bliri Myslym Shyri caters to the needs of today's discerning traveler.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport and a mere 5.6 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests at Bliri Myslym Shyri are perfectly positioned to explore beyond the city limits, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana and its surroundings.