---\ntitle: "Blloku Unique Apartments"\ndescription: "Blloku Unique Apartments stands out as a premier 4-star accommodation option in Tirana, offering guests the luxury of private balconies with each apartment."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676971.jpg?k=c4039f59b9e89ee96018803061b33c172cb291dc4bd6ac0b35500c8ed3bfcb7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blloku-unique-apartments\naddress: "Bajram Curri Blvd, Pall. Agimi, Shk 8 (4rth floor), Ap. 4, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32290296\n  lng: 19.8160647\nprice: "US$67"\npriceFrom: 67\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 210\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676971.jpg?k=c4039f59b9e89ee96018803061b33c172cb291dc4bd6ac0b35500c8ed3bfcb7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337666971.jpg?k=a24b1553fa002b714e8d2aa8964a4341ed00262dd75eb8c9dac990ab87680a2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337666923.jpg?k=c4cf410441f2ef0aa9a0a1b12253932024081b308c45d68ff6bdc45f2f410117&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337666917.jpg?k=811c8c9ef0d54849386490577df293222ab5eda82b4228c1402f72ac154ef69f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676950.jpg?k=a490929ff7d55b5fc4c01240a4e3b59cafbbd752c6678abd15a3b18b926edb9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337666972.jpg?k=aab62b21ff95c314c1ff562b1dac5c3d0a52a2d7458ca25c33d512585fff47b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676965.jpg?k=443a2dbe5d2c7064fa6bbc777bf6471e13617d478df84ddfe053e41294b979e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676975.jpg?k=f8d995b904e48941d2dcdeb9a5e276da5f8afd8d14e6e3dac04d438bd8f6f374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337676969.jpg?k=3de0afe4cc6483089044a01e21b0c5e20e06bdb2d239f8e3c9e2d2668e3fa552&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment with French Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Magnolia Studio 3 m"\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laryssa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This apartment is fantastic. Beds and bedding so very comfortable (better than Premier Inn) The location is very central and within walking distance to everywhere.
Host fantastic nothing too much trouble.”"\n  - name: "Fatih"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Locatin is very close to center, very nice and clean rooms. Miken is a great guy and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Alba"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was super clean and very comfortable, placed in the centre of the city.
The owner is very gentle and very available”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blloku-unique-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals at their leisure. Additionally, the dining area serves as a perfect space for enjoying home-cooked meals. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a hair dryer, bidet, and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of convenience. For added comfort, each unit is supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Blloku Unique Apartments is ideally located close to several of Tirana’s popular attractions, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the Pyramid of Tirana, making it an excellent choice for travelers keen to explore the city’s rich history and culture. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated just 17 km away, ensuring easy access to and from the property.

This apartment complex is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of exploring a new city.