---\ntitle: "Blloku Studio Apartament"\ndescription: "Blloku Studio Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of Tirana's rich history."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417380776.jpg?k=b0b4121ed34e5ee4e86759e1b885a34afb6e401199c0ee91f385f6235e625d1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blloku-studio-apartament\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32294053\n  lng: 19.81709435\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417380776.jpg?k=b0b4121ed34e5ee4e86759e1b885a34afb6e401199c0ee91f385f6235e625d1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070145.jpg?k=b0c775fa3932f5dd57cef3ac2ab8c6da7f1895a7b5c0d9d1265e99875a600cf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070227.jpg?k=3726563a5f800a603166b59a0eed94bfd6d08e0d27e89467f849a472187562a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070210.jpg?k=165c48b5a1ff0892697f8a9298b9a392d1cbe8c69ed321af9e0aa91ecfc8a83e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070191.jpg?k=a6ffb7b3f64d6454b0477d4427905d9326820714e1cc2e0f5d27c177fcfce038&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444744991.jpg?k=9e5ceb07b3fa16f893e43930df985f5224266a6635a8c162bf28ab6d470a5ee5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070221.jpg?k=ffc5cabb1cb91dfb2e07741f65d9703d73df6b2b20d6b1872fd2f6ae7672872d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413070218.jpg?k=02bdd62459a39eaca3f40f2f592ccc76ba99c2b0394d1d674b6db77a3332c74a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417381473.jpg?k=17c94bb44a45cc6f96b071bd1a6bf78fb51e66b217bf69d6d49007c92ff62e07&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish&Burger 30 m"\n  - "Taverneta by Whisky 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Habsa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was a home away from home. So neat and clean. Everything we needed was available. Close to all the main attractions.
The host was lovely and very helpful. He even let us check out later since it was an evening flight.”"\n  - name: "Dea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect location, situated in the heart of Tirana! all facilities around! Super friendly staff, ready to help you for every need!
highly recommend!”"\n  - name: "Davis9441"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was clean and cozy, just like in the photos”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blloku-studio-apartament-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment offers a cozy retreat with its well-appointed bedroom, inviting living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with a microwave and kettle. The bathroom is modern and includes a walk-in shower and hairdryer, ensuring guests enjoy both comfort and convenience. Essential amenities such as towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the stay experience.

Adding to the appeal is the apartment's private entrance, which guarantees guests privacy and a sense of exclusivity during their stay. Free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work.

For those keen to explore Tirana's cultural scene, the apartment is conveniently located near several attractions, including the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument. With Rinia Park, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the House of Leaves also within walking distance, guests have the city's rich history and vibrant present at their fingertips.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Blloku Studio Apartment offers both accessibility and a tranquil haven for visitors to Tirana, making it an excellent choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's charm.