---\ntitle: "Blloku's Modern Apartments"\ndescription: "Blloku's Modern Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683611.jpg?k=c73468fbe53b33efb13b6ff8303c068f3af1a2806b1803e50d65339575435677&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blloku-s-modern-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Tupe, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31914712\n  lng: 19.81455931\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683611.jpg?k=c73468fbe53b33efb13b6ff8303c068f3af1a2806b1803e50d65339575435677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404679727.jpg?k=692252bbcc59db83801a944a1468912a168ef5c189338dc484275b56393dcaaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404679720.jpg?k=d02b68c9e57e602afe898159504f7aba9712a9cda8e9f2ff8a95d402b50fce99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404679750.jpg?k=4acb0a8cb94942684f5c8f4a00db5e76791ed2fc8bfc06bf17c9990b42c54ea4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404684067.jpg?k=64683f2effe019a768e58b74aed56c6990c8ac773208a2a6a1450ce1d043a23b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683620.jpg?k=6be35ae29640c18774c3b8a63cda813cd442c4b415b95f56015e7bd4cc61be35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683635.jpg?k=8892d4fd9a262650a462ba55a2a5c7667156e38f85203ce453718140cf6484b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683671.jpg?k=41d3236c0d9b78feb3740b126945d6bb9503f8e3651d8db22466fcb0e7c0f1f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404683657.jpg?k=4cacd4a1c87826dd1e2807e76e5b8d979638584539e357030d1256559a348d44&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "LSI Cafe 30 m"\n  - "Fit Food 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ylli"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Vendodhja e shtepise eshte ne nje vend te pershtatshem per nje vizitor ,afron shetitje ne kembe ne te gjithe Tiranen,liqeni,kalaja,bulevardet qendrore te gjitha mund ti shetisesh ne kembe,ka lokale shume cilesore rreth e qark ndac per te ngrene...”"\n  - name: "Riccardo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto perfetto. Location, disponibilità, professionalità.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bllokus-modern-apartment-01.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments boast a thoughtful array of amenities designed to cater to the needs of every guest. From the privacy of a separate entrance to the communal warmth of family rooms, the attention to detail is evident. Each apartment is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. The living spaces are furnished with cozy seating areas, flat-screen TVs complete with streaming services for entertainment, and kitchens that invite guests to prepare their meals. The dining areas add a touch of home, while private bathrooms come stocked with complimentary toiletries, a hair dryer, and a shower.

Connectivity is a breeze at Blloku's Modern Apartments, with free WiFi available throughout the premises. Select units even boast terraces, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind and soak in the city's ambiance. The provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the complex's commitment to convenience and comfort.

The location of Blloku's Modern Apartments places guests at the nexus of Tirana's most intriguing attractions. The former residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana are all within easy reach, inviting guests to delve into the city's storied past. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 16 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Blloku's Modern Apartments stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the sights and sounds of Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities and strategic location.