---\ntitle: "Bllok Scandi Apartments 2"\ndescription: "Bllok Scandi Apartments 2 emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518931619.jpg?k=9d8da01532ea255f016666f0545d476b6b76da3d20211798f56e48abf7e20f49&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bllok-scandi-apartments-2\naddress: "Rruga Gjik Kuqali, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3167312\n  lng: 19.81124885\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518931619.jpg?k=9d8da01532ea255f016666f0545d476b6b76da3d20211798f56e48abf7e20f49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520204085.jpg?k=153a3debb852d3cb9b809b373d5f8b4e62a9f4f70a9b1f061820da6cfc782049&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519881226.jpg?k=870796fbfd0b8bbbd111a09790138ceab5ab3380e2091cce50702c91fc94504b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519880474.jpg?k=9253a8ffb280afc1063b520311e51d3a7ed45eb2f6576065736d5971b62f435e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519882243.jpg?k=7491ecfc0bbf42a579eb9c2ecddbaa22b8c3aa194a2470a07cdcc46aa9578c02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520204087.jpg?k=d019e5aa262e9f8f1962af12a6d4518852d8c503be845e71f37cf09954eb0604&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518931641.jpg?k=ee15047c33d08b76310fe12f8d0485b0aeef57c1e5482fc6919976cc45d013c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523061976.jpg?k=0bbf2e03d86bc9ce59ee438447e51f69e1803ee43000c8a61cd6538270fb205e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526252782.jpg?k=a193cd2d3f76ca10793d646ce2531b308fa51bd9ae19a465bf7e303e79ea0b95&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mad Lounge 50 m"\n  - "Ennio Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 350 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mustafa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Check in was very easy, instructions were sent the day before and code was provided. Host was always responsive with any request.We have a coffee corner all for us.
I’ve stayed in many airbnbs but this one was probably the cleanest of them all...”"\n  - name: "Yana"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La posizione è molto comoda, vicino al centro.a 50 -100 metri si trova di tutto: (supermercati, bar, farmacia, parchetto). Il proprietario è molto gentile. L'appartamento è stato appena ristrutturato, molto moderno e carino anche se non è molto...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bllok-scandi-apartments-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and functionality, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. It boasts a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern amenities like a fridge and a coffee machine, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of a bath and bathrobes in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury to the stay. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

For those who appreciate the small pleasures in life, the on-site coffee shop offers a cozy spot to enjoy a morning brew or a leisurely afternoon snack. 

Bllok Scandi Apartments 2 is also conveniently located near other popular points of interest, including Reja - The Cloud, Rinia Park, and Saint Paul Cathedral, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, the apartment ensures a hassle-free travel experience to and from the city.

In summary, Bllok Scandi Apartments 2 presents an inviting option for travelers who value a blend of modern amenities, privacy, and a prime location for their stay in Tirana.