---\ntitle: "Blloku Tirana Studio"\ndescription: "Blloku Tirana Studio emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527647376.jpg?k=3dadefda33fd331f6f7e2d2dd8d07b84b1ae2950ee4064f91f59a21860804683&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blloku-tirana-studio\naddress: "Rruga Abdyl Frashëri, 1022 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31908\n  lng: 19.81500284\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527647376.jpg?k=3dadefda33fd331f6f7e2d2dd8d07b84b1ae2950ee4064f91f59a21860804683&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527647355.jpg?k=57da9114a9a89f6cede7c8cf525b48ab94b6faed4cdc30997d975441d1984206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523229676.jpg?k=438a2c74859622ccc6a740954a044fae3f0f29dfa4c5a7b8711ce91e746c403b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523229641.jpg?k=002a6d359fd313d038ded97cbe0bfb64177518ef1f2b4c3dfeab72a8def4663c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523149021.jpg?k=d639a8aa9b15fd0bd1f923df38e67c9444f97971a9f0e04f18846df5b84dd9f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520154637.jpg?k=f4c60f4a041bcd016520e475cc04461c2746dcced5bbbc416ba89a2101fb8ef3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523149114.jpg?k=30888e078bd95cedcb41f36a8e5a5667022e476740d77070f7fe65bbcd559fbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523149236.jpg?k=151bc51db467b6792616cb3efd98f27e1fe3e46a35fb203ac0449f428de14cd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520154520.jpg?k=95ea62fa1c51cbda7b7024d1cdc32e7e2bf8fd802c3b0ecd242810d7703beeeb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Wilson Lounge Bar 30 m"\n  - "Top Sport Bar & Lloto 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location of the apartment was probably the best thing , it was only a short walk to center . The host was one of the nicest people, always ready to help with anything. Would probably pick this apartment again .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blloku-tirana-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Blloku Tirana Studio are treated to modern amenities in a serene setting. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, equipped with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing stay. To further enhance guest convenience, the option to have towels and linens provided is available, ensuring a hassle-free visit. Emphasizing a commitment to a healthy living environment, the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, and for those arriving by car, private parking is offered on-site. Understanding the needs of the modern traveler, Blloku Tirana Studio facilitates airport transfers and offers a car rental service, making travel arrangements seamless and straightforward.

For a leisurely experience, guests can enjoy the on-site coffee shop, perfect for starting the day with a fresh brew or unwinding in the afternoon. The apartment's location is unbeatable for those eager to explore Tirana's attractions, with the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud all within close proximity. For international visitors, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, ensuring easy access for both arrivals and departures.

Blloku Tirana Studio stands out as an exceptional choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture and history of Tirana, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed accommodation.