---\ntitle: "Bllok Area Apartment"\ndescription: "Bllok Area Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496133660.jpg?k=13e44d465995a6a666f6acbef8350ce5e06571f2c86d7f8c94d5027e72d5808f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bllok-area-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjik Kuqali, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3168843\n  lng: 19.8109471\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496133660.jpg?k=13e44d465995a6a666f6acbef8350ce5e06571f2c86d7f8c94d5027e72d5808f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496133710.jpg?k=279343623b502070cc1185acff3adb2cd8755f7b6fb55eccab89b74327d115c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421600298.jpg?k=65e68b232538a62febd9f6140a9f7912331e15abb4e11b5f611a32d626211c09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423687730.jpg?k=95ce06d573b8d195444950e8a1110f7b152c77234c2d6e10ff21563bfb23e22a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507209003.jpg?k=940247bfb75b63d9ce5a0307586af0368c15998225832746e8c3647117c2ebc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424283711.jpg?k=9f3e7a4e91c21b39973d43fbe27df7e9d3ec4e17966dafd189943c74106f86c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423688330.jpg?k=2422dfe80dbec77959a0479647e4c36a903b862c268440103e44fe2c8c42feac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507208815.jpg?k=e0e2d655af176f96ac2be0f0d28aaec96bb03ab18e50003c0069f7e001e4b9d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507208704.jpg?k=5751a554be882361d2d0ab16f2c1fbd861368ff52ddf48fcbac08a12efdce335&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ennio Bar 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Peshku 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diego"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The apartement is amazing: super clean, spacious, has everything you need (even if you needed to live there). Its also very well located (close to a nice area of restaurants/bars/cafes). Good A/C, good wifi, good shower, very comfortable/big bed,...”"\n  - name: "Evgeniia"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Great host! Very responsive and caring. The apartment is very clean and comfortable, there is everything you need, including coffee, tea and water. convenient location, quiet courtyard. shops nearby. Good WiFi”"\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Appartement très spacieux et confortable.
Bien équipé et l’hôte est très réactif”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bllok-area-apartment-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring a balcony that invites guests to unwind in a private setting. The interior includes a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a well-equipped kitchen catering to all culinary needs. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, complemented by the convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises. The addition of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity and privacy for guests.

For those keen to immerse themselves in local culture and history, Bllok Area Apartment is ideally located near several notable landmarks. The Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud are all within proximity, offering insightful glimpses into the city's past and present. Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Bllok Area Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful touches designed to make every stay memorable.