---\ntitle: "Blu Apartments"\ndescription: "Blu Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206293933.jpg?k=0ddd36b6608fd4cbbdea0db3924943df75f0a3057197c774099925323d5d5efe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blu-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Venecia 40, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30291426\n  lng: 19.49460808\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206293933.jpg?k=0ddd36b6608fd4cbbdea0db3924943df75f0a3057197c774099925323d5d5efe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204555965.jpg?k=96e33a875d7659ce58e9ab7d6564a7b9f23616f10616ce2830f11f74c43b9ee4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206755966.jpg?k=f2d58e7d5242660b939d056b19331a0041c99b35d4632346ea015e23cdcf3336&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95985481.jpg?k=56c8e874bf146bbea969fb040f5ea7abec675c3dbdcfa3370bf610312e2eafb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204555967.jpg?k=9c3024626a10aa38b3ab8063f91084ace203a781e2d3fac7d4ed4c6d2467d7df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95985468.jpg?k=74b565948a5f61a9e4954e91775de0d6f85924c37a5db366edb360e14764ddae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206755969.jpg?k=9867136a3882a778945b576f8899c41410163fc09ecd01fecf2c3391292bbe09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204294317.jpg?k=97ffe605b169bcb2d402258a7b52cc593b9ce5cdb8c8b3d055074a0e63dffc1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204555949.jpg?k=43beb058751ccc136636a837c5d31e9bf5e76c1a63df88d2d45727f296022cc8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 100 m"\n  - "Daril Beer Snack 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Semir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment is huge. It is ideal for two couples.”"\n  - name: "Jelle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The downstairs 8 person apartment is very spacious. A lot of luxury marble has been used which helps maintain coolness provided. Each of the three sleepingrooms has airconditioning and it’s own balcony. We also made use of the veranda on the...”"\n  - name: "Hasanovic"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartment was really beautiful. The host was nice and kind also! The location was more than good, close to the sea and other markets and restaurants as well. The apartment is great for big families :D”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blu-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Blu Apartments is a haven of relaxation, boasting private balconies that frame garden views, cozy seating areas for unwinding, and cable flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The heart of each unit is a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, ensuring that guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The privacy and comfort extend into the bathrooms, outfitted with bidets and hair dryers for a home-like experience. Select apartments elevate the living experience further, offering terraces that feature outdoor dining areas and breathtaking sea views, perfect for those tranquil evenings under the stars.

For those who need to stay connected or get some work done, a desk and kettle in each unit add a touch of convenience to the serene ambiance. Beyond the confines of these exquisite apartments, guests can explore the lush garden or gather in the shared lounge, fostering a sense of community and relaxation.

Situated 39 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 43 km from the adventurous Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Blu Apartments serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich culture and natural beauty of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km away, guests enjoy easy access to and from this tranquil retreat.

Blu Apartments stands out as a sanctuary for those seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Durrës, offering a blend of privacy, comfort, and scenic beauty that caters to the needs of modern travelers.