---\ntitle: "Blue Sky"\ndescription: "Blue Sky emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, boasting a lush garden and an inviting terrace alongside its esteemed restaurant and bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207611396.jpg?k=83a2310d22ac019662654d73b6dd175a14811311f50f6f73a1ad99ee930c2382&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-sky\naddress: "Dytesore Golem Kavaje, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25219987\n  lng: 19.52580377\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207611396.jpg?k=83a2310d22ac019662654d73b6dd175a14811311f50f6f73a1ad99ee930c2382&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96350797.jpg?k=4c31e9a3fbaa45c93afc120fd1cd546daffb43166955102401195dccfdb87e58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/94982612.jpg?k=d8e4ab7c8115b6882bfafea82bbf3b91f2ac9fee688a342ea8726c09f51959be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483933616.jpg?k=4fa83eb93e0d42f99072cb6b875270e319a339ad190fd7eac3a40ecc37ef3b7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/94982770.jpg?k=6c79ae82f62adcad6eaa282ee45cc2edba1744507943495233858cf1caed14f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327570078.jpg?k=9dcc3902b3f33d909eb2ace0a849c71236ef44abb60587662ef471eb07fa5fdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327569916.jpg?k=4861da8f4402b9755d677cab5ea47084406707e44fce9f84a3618861b2add20c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327570049.jpg?k=5479684cb9b681d379e527846cb6525801198795a9f4cb549997c2517b162858&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327569979.jpg?k=a66273d5b4c8e61ca2b95a7d791e54081f1c9b3b7396ff4a6c1ea9086c28ce29&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pashtriku 350 m"\n  - "Kleant 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 450 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 700 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The property is even better that the pictures. Owned by a very active, kind and hospitable couple, the visitor feels like being in home. Rooms are spacious with brand new furniture. All areas are meticulously clean, pool is very nice and breakfast...”"\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“An impeccably clean and well maintained hotel with nice pool and very hospitable owners. Rooms are spacious, comfortable and family-friendly. Homemade fresh breakfast. A true gem!”"\n  - name: "Blerina"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The hotel was very good, 300-400 Meters away from the beach, clean and with nice furnitures. The staff was very kind, polite and very helpful. The owners were very kind, positive and welcoming. The food we ordered was fresh and delicious. The pool...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-sky-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuest accommodations at Blue Sky are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring balconies that offer guests their own private slice of paradise. Each room is equipped with air conditioning and a wardrobe, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient.

Culinary delights await guests each morning, with a breakfast selection that ranges from continental to Italian and vegetarian options, catering to a variety of tastes and dietary needs.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in both English and Italian, who are available around the clock at the front desk. They are always on hand to offer insightful advice and recommendations to ensure guests make the most of their stay in the area.

For those intrigued by local attractions, the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 4.8 kilometers away, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within reach at 46 kilometers. Travelers will find the journey to and from the hotel facilitated by the proximity of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 40 kilometers from Blue Sky, making it a convenient choice for both international and domestic visitors seeking a tranquil retreat with easy access to Albania's most cherished sights.