---\ntitle: "Blue View"\ndescription: "Blue View stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Liro Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447673233.jpg?k=54a79024b5c5c0c562346503662814bae33a04fc0c267b38829de441d114e117&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-view\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41384329\n  lng: 19.48097289\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 207\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447673233.jpg?k=54a79024b5c5c0c562346503662814bae33a04fc0c267b38829de441d114e117&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448100909.jpg?k=59ecb42f172623fc825b70d71426e912dcd2fe4d8f94b0742a544ddd87cafeff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374376351.jpg?k=e0ba10246a0d6cf7fee709747025ff515e52d3aa580aeb084e578ee775c0ca81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458130282.jpg?k=f3bfc7b922258e5948dac37a74a004870d042c1888c5998257f08fdd96ab0edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448263252.jpg?k=016e487a3be2f1d28e93209b4d8ce3f9c9ed1dea09b4a9dfe6df92922a2309b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521370277.jpg?k=9c0fa06ce12fcb678291b409dc6ae68d7b5c7e1dfabaf3cff51d905bd9a859f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448115423.jpg?k=a9c286785b7f5bf9d6c7f5fd6dde5db63487716f9b37e2461aa8666a591781d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465929574.jpg?k=ea0be2b10188c5422cf620fb94d1d9c761af2be3b8df5a8feb5ab359813dd491&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521370571.jpg?k=aff99a87f7dbd6d76c06677d26e987e8ca28e44564ef4e5416fa05cbd0c2919c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Kalaja 50 m"\n  - "Kalaja 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 100 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 550 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Playa Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was the best part. The hotel was close to a variety of pretty beaches you can visit by car or on foot. Nevertheless, the room was tidy, clean and comfortable enough for two people.”"\n  - name: "Armando"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel was quite nice & comfy, the staff was very nice & it's worth the money.”"\n  - name: "Oumaima"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“the view on the sea is just amazing and the personal are so nice. definitely recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-wave-at-kalaja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Blue View are treated to a range of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The hotel boasts complimentary private parking and high-speed WiFi, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, a paid airport shuttle service is available, providing easy access to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport.

The accommodations at Blue View are thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts and conveniences. Each room features a private bathroom equipped with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring guests feel refreshed and ready for the day ahead. The addition of bed linen and towels in every room underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Culinary experiences at Blue View are equally impressive, with a variety of breakfast options available each morning. Whether guests prefer a hearty buffet, an à la carte selection, or a simple continental breakfast, the hotel caters to all tastes and dietary requirements.

In summary, Blue View offers an exceptional stay experience in Vlorë, characterized by its stunning sea views, convenient location, and comprehensive range of amenities. It stands as a top recommendation for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of this vibrant city.