---\ntitle: "Blue Breeze Attic Apartments"\ndescription: "Blue Breeze Attic Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene seafront stay in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473562807.jpg?k=49a1b6932da9d872bc9c8f5e4d94fca78eb69cf8d863cc5ab8fa4b8766a584f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-breeze-attic-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87161021\n  lng: 20.01673506\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473562807.jpg?k=49a1b6932da9d872bc9c8f5e4d94fca78eb69cf8d863cc5ab8fa4b8766a584f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476036150.jpg?k=19c63a9d13387ad8f3998683c47c55d00746c8f403294b45a7cd528f3f487cd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473174251.jpg?k=7eb692152828aec8261506a05d0f00ec803ec39d16c4da372c745e1d6333815c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473564671.jpg?k=0f2ceef84a6804507b1bbac6052abaaf149b26d4cc2c69880dd8f6103e470174&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477684662.jpg?k=1ac6cb82820bdea2eb8e77d18a918b6d2c4bc2c6f43d16fd8a9491561b592364&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473564855.jpg?k=7f6ea6c9111c677d9d7ef9ff7ac14ac534b16c621c6cce18d79a6c0f2a26a87a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472309931.jpg?k=d3a7c7484d1801df519f6550984096bab90f39a679b73a8ea46779385d2cade2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523233887.jpg?k=cde031a91fbdfcca7aae7e23d955a04744daa5fc446416dc0a16955274129014&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523169169.jpg?k=71fc60e117c123b5c92c1a2b5c8ae387a254ac8c5f58eced5538d11e00554221&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (28 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe \Enea\\"\" 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalija 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 500 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Azhar"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great terrace, there were actually two terraces one for the bedroom and one for the living room, amazing views and walking distance to everywhere perfect location ! There also some nice cafes for breakfast on the road and few restaurants with...”"\n  - name: "Pavel"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“A wonderful apartment with a great terrace from which there is a magnificent view!”"\n  - name: "Andrii"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“We had a great holiday. Impressive apartment with a gorgeous view of the sea and the city from the window and a huge balcony (the best in the city). The apartment had everything for a comfortable stay, as well as parking under the house for a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kroi-flats.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Blue Breeze Attic Apartments are designed with comfort and functionality in mind. Each air-conditioned unit boasts a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a fridge. Select apartments elevate the experience further, offering terraces or balconies that present breathtaking mountain views. To ensure a home-away-from-home feel, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those looking to unwind with a drink, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to relax. Additionally, the apartment complex caters to explorers with a car rental service, making it effortless to venture out into Sarandë or partake in walking tours of the surrounding area.

Situated a mere 1.2 kilometers from Maestral Beach and 15 kilometers from the lush Butrint National Park, Blue Breeze Attic Apartments positions itself as an ideal base for both beach lovers and nature enthusiasts. With Ioannina Airport 95 kilometers away, the journey to this tranquil retreat is a scenic adventure in itself.

In summary, Blue Breeze Attic Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and calm of Sarandë, offering all the amenities needed for a memorable stay.