---\ntitle: "Blue Door Hostel"\ndescription: "Blue Door Hostel emerges as a vibrant haven for travelers in the heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116299.jpg?k=fc802276d0d6f1ce50c861a2b75db5533f6cbf01da2bc2e5c485850fd75ce216&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-door-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Shtjefen Gjecovi Number 18, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.333619\n  lng: 19.828888\nprice: "US$18"\npriceFrom: 18\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 463\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116299.jpg?k=fc802276d0d6f1ce50c861a2b75db5533f6cbf01da2bc2e5c485850fd75ce216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376698375.jpg?k=5dd72132baa0a1c00798df5921d3f6ff452cc62562e2f37797d7b747c54f0604&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342769584.jpg?k=118e3717834123cc8ae8c2fd03ea106003686a592e6de54fd2cfef35d7febf5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116278.jpg?k=73cd0bcf648e92e70607d5c44306dd53ca706c5a400f6f8c384f98eb24bd13f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342769623.jpg?k=7d70556da80b160c49bab2f6074e80aa2abfe35e6d6044cc059efd15bd05be0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376698364.jpg?k=7d90cba42736d09f3d85dc692d90e46a5658e629f32e30b47e87ea23fa6d86a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342794426.jpg?k=905194833df6db0d743bef6324ba445ef0c86f12d7169d9df7cb50ae574b88d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116261.jpg?k=de856d86f7d6c576223bbd9dc609595049a1d87a945ef9f11b457b3a2008eaeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116206.jpg?k=71b0ed8a2089a279a23891643d121d3aeb50b6199e98847de98b17b39f83ae8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116351.jpg?k=3fe9e060e39b2f02d9e6d3366691ae2a19f37b2711f63b1e9e06b8dc825a2d42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374116225.jpg?k=e51b51c2986124eec463c7e5bbe157173514bd9e3ef4e3a0bdde98dba34329e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364858404.jpg?k=95387e71838a47288813fdc5e35098a8532de202fd280044b2c8a4ace8ab357c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bunk Bed in Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Female Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Korani 50 m"\n  - "Juliet 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Seyma"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“It was really nice with friendly staff and warm rooms”"\n  - name: "James"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Great community vibe created by staff, nice dinners and breakfast, clean and comfortable rooms, really nice in general.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The hostel is clean and cozy with Nana’s home-cooked meals, a great common area inside and outside, a well-equipped kitchen, and volunteers who go above and beyond! Highly recommend :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-door-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nWhat sets Blue Door Hostel apart is its comprehensive array of amenities designed to cater to the modern traveler's every need. From the tranquility of its garden and the convenience of private parking to the social atmosphere of its shared lounge and terrace, this hostel knows how to blend comfort with convenience. Not to mention, the on-site bar and the availability of karaoke and a shared kitchen elevate the guest experience, offering both entertainment and practicality under one roof.

Connectivity is a breeze with free WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world. For those who prefer the fresh air, select rooms boast balconies, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. Comfort is not overlooked, with each room equipped with essential bed linen and towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

Morning risers are greeted with a vegetarian breakfast, a thoughtful touch catering to diverse dietary preferences. For the adventurous at heart, Blue Door Hostel facilitates exploration and adventure, offering bike and car hire services. Dart enthusiasts will find themselves at home here, with facilities available for a friendly game.

Strategically located, the hostel is a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich cultural landscape, with the National Gallery of Arts, Clock Tower, and Et'hem Bey Mosque within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, with the hostel providing a paid shuttle service for seamless transfers.

Blue Door Hostel stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of culture, comfort, and convenience in Tirana.