---\ntitle: "Blue and Salmon apartments"\ndescription: "Blue and Salmon Apartments emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Durrës, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and convenience with its prime beachfront location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477218483.jpg?k=0732ee175f1e9e6d7d14765601bfd818c3e4345fe0b5d9f965e6a7759dbf6632&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-and-salmon-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia 2nd floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31088968\n  lng: 19.4820428\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477218483.jpg?k=0732ee175f1e9e6d7d14765601bfd818c3e4345fe0b5d9f965e6a7759dbf6632&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477219099.jpg?k=8067852cedeb500a861a3d2047f8400d7306b83e194061bda1c00ceadef1fda5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477218864.jpg?k=ceb17ef66a6663c4e3afc3ddd6ac876de0b5d01532a1e9a5ca19e3bf64f69fb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465751073.jpg?k=9309345dc610c1790cdfb89e5a98aafc6532170428acbd70ddc326633a9c7238&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465751735.jpg?k=5560e0d03573714fea561fa91a07e1bcfa94437f1c856922d9938235b708c9b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477218948.jpg?k=9961365a1daaf82d4a734fc8f6368f930d57d24de9742277e89fc79afe51fca3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370881495.jpg?k=f4c9c1dec0c6a3316c3f0520873aba7cf00e2a489007cc582ced13d05315b12b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472880549.jpg?k=5cc09e922b19b1abaa39253402c162e7157c56ac7ee236a87b5cae001291b956&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454867066.jpg?k=5938c9a755d261f473f21d84ee932577b70fcffaf2a003f7333bc0fa2cec93ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Antigua 100 m"\n  - "Restorant de Lux 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dariusz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful location, very close everywhere, very helpful and kind host Aurel”"\n  - name: "Olena"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The place is cozy, fully equipped and clean. All the utilities are in place, and you really see the beach from your window! The big balcony allows to chill in the evening. Overall this has been my first trip to Durres and I was not sure whether...”"\n  - name: "Agnieszka"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Fantastyczny apartament z widokiem na morze, klimatyzacja, miły właściciel. Knajpki na każdym kroku, dobra bazą wypadowa do zwiedzania.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-and-salmon-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to breathtaking sea views, a testament to the property's thoughtful placement. Each apartment within the complex is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for a touch of entertainment. The inclusion of a fully functional kitchen, dining area, safety deposit box, and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hair dryer adds layers of convenience to the guest experience. Additional comforts such as a fridge, stovetop, kitchenware, and kettle, along with heating facilities, ensure a home-away-from-home atmosphere.

The property doesn't stop at just providing comfortable lodging; it extends its hospitality to include spa facilities and complimentary WiFi throughout, catering to both relaxation and connectivity needs. Families will find the provision of family rooms particularly appealing, making it an ideal choice for travelers of all ages.

For those seeking leisure outside their apartments, Blue and Salmon Apartments does not disappoint. A coffee shop on the premises offers a perfect start to the day, while a minimarket caters to any last-minute needs. The area around the property is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, with cycling and hiking trails readily accessible, and car hire services available for those looking to explore further afield.

Located mere steps from Durres Beach, the apartments offer easy access to the soothing sands and tranquil waters of the Adriatic. For guests interested in exploring the cultural heritage of Albania, Skanderbeg Square is within a manageable distance, located 38 km away. The convenience extends to travelers coming from afar, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km from the accommodation, and the added benefit of a paid airport shuttle service ensuring a seamless travel experience.

Blue and Salmon Apartments stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and memorable experiences, making it a distinguished choice for travelers visiting Durrës.