---\ntitle: "Bluemoon Suites Sarande"\ndescription: "Bluemoon Suites Sarande emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280508518.jpg?k=be5619fcb7cff1d64de66a6e8bd0629b9da845f9a73ddc7c2a2ca4e964e9dfd2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bluemoon-suites-sarande\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9999 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85812649\n  lng: 20.02193257\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 246\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280508518.jpg?k=be5619fcb7cff1d64de66a6e8bd0629b9da845f9a73ddc7c2a2ca4e964e9dfd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412248448.jpg?k=e429ec00268aede739d80c56ec9fd6cde5be5fce0ffd216c272da54911d81756&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412233522.jpg?k=1e1deba3d67f1f486564791fed48acefef114507de9e560c0aa7efdc37105e37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412258787.jpg?k=08b6b97a3c6e115df52f93b30405d1ec03a1e503f306a0ede849c9097ef75c62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412256318.jpg?k=2ed6c608806c9721f05d19a9e8764b0058489b6d8fd7d710f366b11f2872b560&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412232580.jpg?k=2616c8a2f3317f2b80e82183b15d05afd26cfdf5f2f740e13703d4d561e682f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412260164.jpg?k=cff1a843fe3ad81e46ae88d610af0e04d6e2060f50b2b3226329523173b8d8da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412259541.jpg?k=331064834cc189a1e2f3534cc3f815edde4523461297fb542d4083a54c9f033d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412259076.jpg?k=2d0fba76372c884e195e0080b32abab7a1c8f099731d4ab287a55e1b61857e52&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 150 m"\n  - "Koral 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 200 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 450 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jessica"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hosts at Bluemoon Suite were lovely and very welcoming. They gave us some great tips and recommendations for exploring Sarande. The room was very spacious and comfortable. The terrace views of the sea were beautiful and lovely to wake up to...”"\n  - name: "Catarina"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Perfect accommodation! The owners (Georgette and Artik) are very friendly and helpful. The accommodation is super comfortable and clean, have good Wi-Fi. Definitely I recommend bluemoon suites.5*”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The view was amazing. It had a well equipped kitchen, very comfy bed and good Aircon. The hosts were lovely and very helpful and accommodating. We really enjoyed getting to know them over a drink and they gave us some excellent recommendations....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-moon-flats.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach unit at Bluemoon Suites Sarande is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, mosquito nets, and refrigerators. The presence of a terrace or balcony in all units enhances the appeal, providing guests with their own private vista. Select units also include a kitchenette, catering to the needs of those who prefer to whip up their own meals. Comfort is further assured with daily housekeeping services at no extra charge, and private bathrooms equipped with showers in every unit, complete with fresh bed linen.

The allure of the beach is just a 5-minute stroll away, promising days filled with sand, surf, and sun. For those looking to explore further, Bluemoon Suites Sarande facilitates adventure with scooter and car rentals, alongside meticulously organized tours to the region's most sought-after destinations. Convenience extends to transportation arrangements, offering airport shuttle services at a surcharge and taxi pickups from various points including the port, airport, bus stations, and even beaches, ensuring seamless travel experiences.

Communication is never a barrier, with a multilingual staff proficient in English, Greek, and Albanian, ready to assist guests in every possible way. Bluemoon Suites Sarande stands out as a beacon of hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Sarandë.