---\ntitle: "Blue Sea Apartments"\ndescription: "Blue Sea Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103401128.jpg?k=cb17de18367d084a45e80f663c91d62c97132fc310866d11501e9b25ea558e3e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-sea-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Turizmi in Front of Santa Quaranta Resort, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85757996\n  lng: 20.02072055\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 89\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103401128.jpg?k=cb17de18367d084a45e80f663c91d62c97132fc310866d11501e9b25ea558e3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103460624.jpg?k=4037d42bd313cb76772f152fcc63ab1e5c48976577e8df50d9d8da55aa856cd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103461511.jpg?k=e5df6fe1dafd01fd2bf0197c4e643756826d4a3fe1f37174845b632da8fdd574&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103459352.jpg?k=97cd8a5ed46ef77b23d0f14ba0913e1f7398181748117a58c18b216b296d1e73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103460595.jpg?k=6ac77d6e5af6df1a53de3d6f0b25a76adfe7712201c6f6fe9fcc21f09a9f26ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103459389.jpg?k=f9c9103d2eae8c13d1e362b2ec9bd598c12395fdf8709b358a7f2f042d5850c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103459373.jpg?k=8e88e16b2069e3fcecc7d1dd0127b3f2ed93f445bcbf33a42e8f307965b5e59e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103460636.jpg?k=4d3d881c5c0a95b4813e6982c117e6ec5fb2841f6196f0f37a761eff8d5635e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103392133.jpg?k=1f03e4c2ff1abaef2b4e411755373373a0be2083563f1213abd4f6cb2d5ba46c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 50 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 100 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 350 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilka"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The view was amazing,you can see the best sunset from there. Everything was clean and looked exactly like on the pictures. I can only recommend.”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Location was great, the staff was excellent. Niko was lovely and very welcoming. On site parking was useful”"\n  - name: "Lavira"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Great place with amazing views of the sea. Niko was a great host. Gave us the warmest welcome even though he didn't know English well we could understand everything he had to say. He had the best smile on his face when he learned that we've come...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-sea-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Blue Sea Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned guest rooms that boast balconies with scenic views. Each apartment is a self-contained retreat, equipped with a fully functional kitchen, a cozy dining area, and a comfortable seating area centered around a flat-screen TV. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are stocked with complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that is as relaxing as it is convenient. Guests will also appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen and towels in every unit, adding a touch of home to this beachside haven.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Blue Sea Apartments offers a car rental service, making it easy to venture out to local attractions such as the historic Butrint National Park, located just 13 km away, or the ancient ruins of Fanoti, a further journey at 48 km. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 97 km from the property, making Blue Sea Apartments an accessible destination for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Blue Sea Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those wishing to immerse themselves in the beauty of Sarandë, offering both the serenity of a beachfront location and the convenience of modern amenities.