---\ntitle: "Blue Horizon 505"\ndescription: "Blue Horizon 505 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538891.jpg?k=41011761d4ccc1ab8eae99bb6a09b05559113097c5508963fa7f4e28f7c51841&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-horizon-505\naddress: "8F6M+8C7, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31135076\n  lng: 19.48364195\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538891.jpg?k=41011761d4ccc1ab8eae99bb6a09b05559113097c5508963fa7f4e28f7c51841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538951.jpg?k=990f3387344fa7d8bb2e7cb7cc6e5a47462ce45b8292a9abacfb655afe147876&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538976.jpg?k=d7962c6953d2c3b55933b0183d566396ec587ab230317257e96c5098418ea82f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431539013.jpg?k=602443cb740c15ca45a9cedb9f12e3a4df204c1bf0efc896e65b3873ced2f204&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538982.jpg?k=331101d1d49fe0ac299d5e7ab46675f60c26bd6be5dbd55cd77ee4f8887afffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538955.jpg?k=f2d70c62d07dae309962ad03f70b225a10b315f795e6dfedf835752afa57cb0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538933.jpg?k=0685f1cbbea0907127d689eb29f754a1bfe5c3b635f63d4411f6597b19b30c5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431539038.jpg?k=573c5801d0ce9d2c1bb3dac435864ec090e82322490bb8239edc152f1903623f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431538881.jpg?k=3756d9feb3eb6e42b171f9fd74dc2958e283b0647fa34956f86ca81c303b598e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skrapari 100 m"\n  - "Kosova 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Linas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything as described and are in the pictures :) I wish come back one day.
All best recommendations.”"\n  - name: "Hajnalka"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Sehr schöne, grosse Wohnung mit allem, was man braucht! Wunderschöne Aussicht! Wir kommen wieder!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedroom-apartment-505.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment, known for its spacious layout, features two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. It is equipped with modern necessities including a flat-screen TV, an air-conditioning system, and a kitchen fitted with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, alongside the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort. It's noteworthy that the apartment maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Blue Horizon 505 distinguishes itself with a range of services designed to enhance the guest experience. The availability of a lift and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises speaks to the property's dedication to convenience and connectivity. Additionally, guests benefit from complimentary shuttle services and airport transfers, adding a layer of ease to their travel plans. For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is readily available.

The presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds a layer of convenience, allowing guests to easily access essentials during their stay. For those keen to explore the surroundings, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje are located within accessible distances, offering unique experiences and scenic views.

Situated a manageable distance from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Blue Horizon 505 presents itself as an ideal lodging option for both short-term visitors and longer-staying guests. Its blend of essential amenities, coupled with its strategic location, makes it a compelling choice for travelers to Durrës.