---\ntitle: "Blue Residence"\ndescription: "Blue Residence emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197281395.jpg?k=3e8403e0f9759bc4a59a19378b9854b2bf9706be3c47e269ada54f7bd9866870&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-residence\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha & Rruga Guri Nazifi, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87191848\n  lng: 19.99318386\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197281395.jpg?k=3e8403e0f9759bc4a59a19378b9854b2bf9706be3c47e269ada54f7bd9866870&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332607334.jpg?k=e63461ecdace1be65d3fe40dd2d0176b80b027847d4c2e0c15e37e785d112499&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201443178.jpg?k=c94d79a122c98b41b5717058961ba6944d0107fad2cc26e52d21370c0526ce04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197275350.jpg?k=a665f3f0fe59de9f89515f55ee943a47ac9fd84e68c05ab11ef5cac1e470f738&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201443106.jpg?k=dc0428c23ac0912933c0606cddddeded0e72b505f44f67833b61435aeee3859d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201443108.jpg?k=74b7192326ee7d7aa5e43da9e157bb840c54f9297ee83476a2c2e7fb36907e85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201443103.jpg?k=4b298d2c39e654e27585bf0c93defe59fd4d7ed4ea1ea750d86c287478d85c70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332607206.jpg?k=69db2daa9015ceb51d4f8b5e0f24f196df3f0497a1b93951b15d5b724074403b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332607081.jpg?k=30ab48bd0829c582024adec15e68b08ef035ad32a816738406eb2b6103d76103&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 10 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lukáš"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Beautiful view and large terrace. Very nice and helpful owner. Accommodation clean, fully equipped and as a bonus, very fast wifi.”"\n  - name: "Soyheon"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The best thing was that we could communicate so much with the reception and they are really responsible for us staying! Best view ever so clean. This hotel made our vacation perfect!!!!!!
Thanks for everything 🙏”"\n  - name: "Nigel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great Apartment about 10mins walk from the ferry port
Lots of bars , restaurants and supermarkets nearby
Penthouse had all facilities and a very large and nice terrace with sunbeds, chairs and table
The view of Corfu and coastline was very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Blue Residence are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned guest rooms that boast not only a balcony with captivating city views but also a cozy seating area for unwinding. The presence of a satellite flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and even a coffee machine and kettle, invites guests to feel at home. The convenience of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hairdryer, alongside the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen and towels in each unit, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are welcomed to enjoy the serene garden, providing a tranquil escape or a delightful spot for a picnic. Although dining options beckon just a short stroll away, the freedom to prepare meals in the privacy of one's apartment adds a layer of personalization to the stay.

Strategically located, Blue Residence is not only a stone's throw away from the allure of Sarandë's beaches but also a mere 2.7 km from the serene Maestral Beach and 18 km from the historic Butrint National Park. For those arriving from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the property, making Blue Residence an accessible haven for both local and international visitors.

With its blend of convenience, comfort, and location, Blue Residence stands as a testament to the ideal beachfront getaway, promising an unforgettable stay in Sarandë.