---\ntitle: "Blue Bay Hotel"\ndescription: "Blue Bay Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Sarandë, positioned a mere stone's throw from the crystalline beach and only 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304971443.jpg?k=8aeddff5034f5eb6c1840f26b6430bdcb25786e538836ce9624f84fd94fac3b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: blue-bay-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 1111 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86256426\n  lng: 20.01789453\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 439\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304971443.jpg?k=8aeddff5034f5eb6c1840f26b6430bdcb25786e538836ce9624f84fd94fac3b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351186537.jpg?k=c7b848e89a429325d63a9f757ea26fae9856a095e8781a449b51581b2068c286&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351186494.jpg?k=c3dad287a4812303292c154d261970f2c13e98552460d4d67b9f5986c9a21181&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305202298.jpg?k=5d63d57125e230ddd760cceba6b10e1c33cdb10f3a348ffdcba5570606898dd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364800687.jpg?k=29798b34e66d6339e0e945836e56f4dce857a0b771eb3a12638eef837ddcf28a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304967192.jpg?k=2f93544009f9a74ab5280aab5d9a6d7a030e6cf9254afeb6d13f2ec6ecd08f15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364810363.jpg?k=93ba2adabf44db2d0c9b3d6e5d2e54a4e12b3b9b8baec062d2c9d03d4ff3cb70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302978741.jpg?k=eb7d3b51d8e579cb2725dba08c4e96ec17ad64b26ba364929fc9eaf47265f1bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452265507.jpg?k=92349d410d232335268a9ff35db7aeac3d2844482f606cd11581108cb67c4616&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gelateria Gusto 50 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 450 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 450 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 700 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had an amazing view over the ocean and could watch the sunsets. We liked the direct ocean connection.
The room was really pretty, modern and clean.
The staff was super nice and friendly. The older gentleman working at the reception will try...”"\n  - name: "Esmeefabienne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Kind and helpful personnel. We wanted to upgrade the room because we booked a wrong room, so we received a very nice room with sea view for some money. Big Delicious open buffet breakfast with a lot of variety. Silvio makes the best Turkish...”"\n  - name: "Natasha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really lovely quite setting with private beach that was lovely and peaceful, lovely view from the room”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-bay.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Blue Bay Hotel are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a television, air conditioning, and a private balcony for soaking in the surroundings. Each room also features a convenient refrigerator and a private bathroom outfitted with a shower, complemented by fresh bed linen for a restful night's sleep.

Guests are invited to unwind in the shared garden, which boasts a welcoming terrace perfect for relaxation. The on-site bar serves as a cozy spot for evening drinks. For those looking to bask in the sun, the hotel provides sun chairs and parasols at no additional cost, ensuring a comfortable beach experience.

Located just 300 meters from the nearest beach and a short walk from Santa Quaranta Beach, Blue Bay Hotel is ideally situated for beach enthusiasts. For adventurers eager to explore the area's rich history and natural beauty, the ancient city of Butrint lies 16 km away, with the mesmerizing Blue Eye spring and the scenic island of Korfu within a 30-km radius.

With round-the-clock front desk service and complimentary parking, Blue Bay Hotel stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and natural beauty in Sarandë.