---\ntitle: "Boho Central Apartment"\ndescription: "Boho Central Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, merely 700 meters from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723845.jpg?k=9a6618be18afc4e3177711bfe134bb9e49f5bf5830c7b2359050889028cafbc7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boho-central-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Cerciz Topulli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33270364\n  lng: 19.81965744\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723845.jpg?k=9a6618be18afc4e3177711bfe134bb9e49f5bf5830c7b2359050889028cafbc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723836.jpg?k=f90d74c16d30ca810dbed324faf23d664d285c46a55541316d9fbde9bed405e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723866.jpg?k=e5266432032a0b675eedfec2ccfd9f8a383f49e16a9b78d05bc17dc34847dfb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723855.jpg?k=c9ebf5e2e735db8c01d518f473b44e49512e8e44a5f696a4a613778a60eb4f89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723863.jpg?k=06fe0f9dce7c3c0e130fc0c2a01721919c25f5867ee36b82131d8cb1e52ee4d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478723873.jpg?k=1325160883731c397ec46cc173bb3c832a0ef407806a85baad4bb3545088c3bf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golosa 7 m"\n  - "Fast Food Magic Hand 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Damir"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The host is there for everything, apartment is beautiful and it's perfect, it has everything. Location is perfect, everything is in walking distance. The area did not have electricity for whole night and morning, even though it did not have...”"\n  - name: "Hanna"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautiful clean and homely apartment perfect stay before a flight . Comfiest bed !!”"\n  - name: "Moussa"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“A cozy little place, warm, well equipped and very well located. Ideal for one or two people.
You will be able to visit the city center on foot.
In addition to that, the person who takes care of the apartment is very nice and caring. Reachable at...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boho-central-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit at Boho Central Apartment is meticulously designed for comfort and convenience, equipped with a desk, coffee machine, oven, fridge, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom featuring a walk-in shower. Emphasizing health and comfort, the accommodations are both allergy-free and soundproof, ensuring a restful stay. Moreover, the inclusion of bed linen and towels in all units adds a touch of home.

For those who prefer the coziness of homemade meals, the apartment boasts a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests to prepare their own food and enjoy it in the privacy of their dining area. Additionally, the property features a coffee shop, perfect for those mornings when guests wish to savor professionally brewed coffee without leaving the comfort of their temporary home.

Boho Central Apartment is ideally situated near several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History of Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, making Boho Central Apartment an ideal choice for both convenience and tranquility in the vibrant city of Tirana.