---\ntitle: "Boho style in Center of Tirana"\ndescription: "Boho Style in the Center of Tirana emerges as a recently renovated gem, strategically positioned in the heart of Tirana, a stone's throw away from iconic landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the House of Leaves."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390713265.jpg?k=a8b9a76194470ef51ed7e0934b234f931f721252ef484e712bc6d2074d031217&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boho-style-in-center-of-tirana\naddress: "25 Rruga e Bogdanëve, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33009425\n  lng: 19.80992585\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390713265.jpg?k=a8b9a76194470ef51ed7e0934b234f931f721252ef484e712bc6d2074d031217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390784159.jpg?k=fc936b9bc7657695301e7f2e799fa351f2d5198560ce993b34199ee949618772&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390785388.jpg?k=dfc6f6438e4fb43927606d525feeee7673853abc978c7af4ebae77568979b971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390784102.jpg?k=7db5d50514d091c18e2d35afa788d92aaad9b104c48566f03646e5a7b6dac3bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390785804.jpg?k=362c4cff5b41cdee534b3f2101be03a5031bc9cea7fbc5ae71e0d559ae6cedfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390810328.jpg?k=cc0f65b257880ad8fabf29a952d3796c1425a56ecab6a914729d91b87f43da14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390784355.jpg?k=1fc49b2988e8caff44b44b487f6df8afdb50d98ba2562f382df3da28a3185e9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390713328.jpg?k=742acbaadc5d5dfa1480fc8b74a5ae9215abb3948984940a9a6914341ef92983&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391144738.jpg?k=791c0928e1d0ed8b0ac5dedacd12f24103d5038435116fd21cf2817a8e590459&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serenity 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Roland 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petrella"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“We liked the apartment, very big, new, clean and comfortable. The owners are kind and caring. The structure is near to the center city in 10 minutes walking.”"\n  - name: "Natalie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious flat. Immaculate with lovely rooms. Host is very communicative and gives clear instructions ans guidance on how to get there as well as what to do. Also gave local recommendations for food which was helpful.”"\n  - name: "Melissa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A stylish and spacious apartment, it was perfect for our family of four. Everything has been tastefully done. Our host Ada was very communicative and had wonderful suggestions for us. She also arranged parking for us in the private garage next...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boho-style-in-center-of-tirana-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe highlight of this property is undoubtedly its spacious apartment, which boasts a balcony that frames the breathtaking mountain views. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, along with the provision of bed linen, towels, and laundry service, ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Adding to the charm of Boho Style in the Center of Tirana is an on-site coffee shop, perfect for guests to unwind with a cup of coffee after a day of exploration. For those keen on discovering the local culture and attractions, sightseeing tours are readily available, promising an immersive experience.

The apartment's location is unbeatable, with Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque within easy reach. For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 15 km away, making Boho Style in the Center of Tirana an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays in the vibrant city of Tirana.