---\ntitle: "Bolv Hotel"\ndescription: "Bolv Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, offering a tranquil retreat just a stone's throw away from the bustling heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878840.jpg?k=9f4b12097a9c192564d2e06edaca4e8895e30d8650825f6f3963b0735ef13537&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bolv-hotel\naddress: "Maminas, 2020 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.37052732\n  lng: 19.5890957\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878840.jpg?k=9f4b12097a9c192564d2e06edaca4e8895e30d8650825f6f3963b0735ef13537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878982.jpg?k=22556b84f4e0531938247b8f6afd5d76892831ca6106ca08668bfd17d46fa20b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878977.jpg?k=a9c7597ea7a137309a490956a6ceccd8c9a60f5f2127cb14d9c1890bcc6fcefb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506012310.jpg?k=ddc976e78c698a829f3323e46bd6c2d4578362cf2d00cc2a49375b76999bc7ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878941.jpg?k=d504ceb2000854391e0154e7e4787096d55f1d5c5db4f49e1558773fd5d1f2a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497878960.jpg?k=a2fe7d2b134739912a95d1429f8b00f00956d6ebd70982365ca0d69c568a458c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 20 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 20 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 20 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 20 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milano Restorant 1.1 km"\n  - "Paris Caffé 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 13 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 13 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 13 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 14 km"\n  - "1. Maj 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 16 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 99 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bolv-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe hotel itself is a haven of comfort and elegance, boasting a lush garden where guests can unwind, and ample free private parking. Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the on-site restaurant, which offers a selection of delectable dishes, while the bar serves as a cozy spot for an evening drink.

Accommodations at Bolv Hotel are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of peace, equipped with air conditioning for those warm summer days, a desk for guests on business, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms, complete with fresh bed linen and towels, add a touch of luxury to the stay. Perhaps most enchanting is the balcony that accompanies each room, offering serene garden views that promise to start every morning on a picturesque note. The inclusion of a wardrobe in all units further ensures that guests can settle in with ease.

For those looking to explore the wider area, the Durres Amphitheatre is just 15 km away, offering a glimpse into the ancient past, while the House of Leaves lies 30 km from the hotel, inviting guests on a journey through history. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 25 km away, making Bolv Hotel an accessible choice for international travelers seeking a blend of comfort, culture, and convenience in Durrës.