---\ntitle: "Bora Hotel"\ndescription: "Bora Hotel stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Gjirokastër, located a mere 44 km from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514972414.jpg?k=23a607789375bc53449ae5853da526a905ad5eee780196b158ce3cf30bf8d2c3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bora-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Tepelenë - Gjirokastër - Janinë 172, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.078925\n  lng: 20.149892\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514972414.jpg?k=23a607789375bc53449ae5853da526a905ad5eee780196b158ce3cf30bf8d2c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492693147.jpg?k=b3569eb30380728c7ea80fbc581bed21c9a168250487ec1988c1784a411ceec4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492696107.jpg?k=e0ffcecf677388ea5c4e2c859fec119bb0b679ce817beecf42b2e02782a92a51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494682203.jpg?k=080691c8487cbd5707275d7e0d2d244f3b17c4e7f7fbdee734be5ef5d707e0ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525643690.jpg?k=a55e3f4790a0cb45a55c420c9d8d20f335f69845b0c5c777d3e0d3a20a5ca352&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525644711.jpg?k=233426ae8716da0a4d7f3a5c162aa4b1bfb181ff6c085a98c34bc19914416203&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Fani 100 m"\n  - "Coyote 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Noah"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Comfortable, nice interior design, great coffee downstairs”"\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel was really clean and comfortable, everything was perfect! The bed was very comfy, everything I needed was available at the room and at the bathroom. The place was really safe, quiet and cute. The location was really close to the center...”"\n  - name: "Aldion"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the rooms are very nice, absolutly clean and very good service”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bora-gjirokaster1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Bora Hotel are treated to an array of services designed to make their stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. From room service that caters to your every whim to a babysitting service that allows parents some much-needed downtime, every detail is meticulously taken care of. The hotel also provides practical amenities such as luggage storage space and currency exchange, ensuring a worry-free experience from arrival to departure.

The accommodations at Bora Hotel are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, creating a perfect blend of functionality and relaxation. The private bathrooms are stocked with complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms boast balconies, offering a private outdoor space to unwind.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Bora Hotel is conveniently positioned for travelers exploring the region or on the move. With its blend of essential amenities, attentive services, and comfortable accommodations, Bora Hotel is a standout choice for anyone visiting Gjirokastër.