---\ntitle: "Bougainvill Sunset Villa"\ndescription: "Bougainvill Sunset Villa emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, privacy, and scenic beauty in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153550819.jpg?k=19627c912d5af559fe02516cdcd2cbf3a5992ee57f8a282efe14cfcd29516f35&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bougainvill-sunset-villa\naddress: "km 1 rruga e butrintit kanali i cukes sarande Bougainville bay resort, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.863421\n  lng: 20.018055\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 6.8\nratingWords: "Average"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 6.8\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 5.7\n  facilities: 6.1\n  value: 6.6\n  comfort: 6.6\n  staff: 7.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153550819.jpg?k=19627c912d5af559fe02516cdcd2cbf3a5992ee57f8a282efe14cfcd29516f35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/153609203.jpg?k=1cb55284dd14f608eb185ce5d055cda1d491c8f9b07e7c4b4bdb20ee243b9c0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/153550799.jpg?k=de04e1b96451ea480a2b95705acb891621800e0a26e60e3cc5e3662c8f35d59d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/153610452.jpg?k=c75afff1f1443591ece7aca445f9e2cc1db9d18b0332ba9709d745d2d355d6e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/153610447.jpg?k=4040d40b71a6de1e77a38fbc7575f623d63327ab951861e25dd222781de48c71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/446978866.jpg?k=26f61376a308d6bd41f25a8c541f1739069e521af2ae9eeab5798578c6e68d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/153610161.jpg?k=7f280ed29658fd541820b4c0075b1b8ce6f735279bfd458312b3f6f681cf98ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/153610463.jpg?k=47a287a3be8e5d84d91cba87d02ea33b8bdc549707d6c3ddc4b56840ef4950ee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools (1 open)"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 50 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bougainvill-sunset-villa-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring two bedrooms, a spacious living room, and a terrace that boasts breathtaking sea views. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and an equipped kitchen, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The inclusion of a private entrance and round-the-clock security adds an extra layer of privacy and peace of mind for guests.

Dining at Bougainvill Sunset Villa is an experience in itself, with a restaurant offering an outdoor dining area where guests can enjoy meals under the open sky. For those looking for a quick bite, a snack bar is available, and packed lunches can be arranged for guests planning day trips.

Exploration and adventure are just steps away, with bicycle and car rental services offered directly at the villa, making it easy for guests to discover the local area. Notable attractions such as Santa Quaranta Beach, VIP Beach, and Saranda City Beach are within close proximity, offering a variety of experiences from leisurely beach days to vibrant city explorations.

For travelers flying in, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 96 km away, making Bougainvill Sunset Villa an accessible retreat for both domestic and international guests. With its combination of exceptional amenities, strategic location, and the promise of an unforgettable stay, Bougainvill Sunset Villa stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice in Sarandë.