---\ntitle: "Bougainville Bay Apartments"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Bougainville Bay Apartments, a modern oasis that offers guests a unique blend of comfort and luxury."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265529570.jpg?k=4d522fa5327f6c47f07eda144dc03634e663401a470b6610999d59770bb88fa6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bougainville-bay-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 1000 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86361428\n  lng: 20.01777649\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 7.5\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 245\nratings:\n  overall: 7.5\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 7.1\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 7.4\n  wifi: 7.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265529570.jpg?k=4d522fa5327f6c47f07eda144dc03634e663401a470b6610999d59770bb88fa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265530160.jpg?k=399c7fd0359b0009163a3e1b1cd0f6c987c4c9c3e1fa29ce8406cf6021b05c7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486253358.jpg?k=5bc5396de5ce73eb375ae04bcede1bfe2e4cf7c059e97c85d19d1edcd0b47f17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265529971.jpg?k=4b88598d527783859613f11c22aa6c190f53eda898785291a918d2d407373b25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486253365.jpg?k=8c9443b23a22c9f9bd0f2994abb592b023256151af6a10baf7951226767cd8bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486253446.jpg?k=986ef7babf0bd5eb75c724fcfe43139a0ea5cfe888a74daa59d656559297dc2e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "4 swimming pools"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment with Patio"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment with Patio ( 3 Adults )"\n  - "Duplex Two Bedroom Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 50 m"\n  - "Nertili 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bougainville-bay.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAt the heart of the resort, a beach bar caters to all tastes, serving a variety of drinks, cocktails, pizzas, and snacks. For adventure seekers, the property offers diving facilities right on the beach, with the option to arrange diving lessons for an immersive underwater experience.

The resort doesn't stop there; guests enjoy complimentary access to three outdoor pools, complete with sun loungers and parasols for ultimate relaxation. For those seeking a touch of luxury, an infinity pool is available for a nominal fee. Additionally, the wellness and spa facilities, including a hammam, sauna, and massage services, are accessible upon request, ensuring a rejuvenating stay.

Bougainville Bay doesn't just keep its guests confined to its premises. The resort offers the use of small boats for short excursions to Butrint or Ksamil, and the staff is more than happy to organize trips to other notable destinations in Albania, such as Vlorë, Durrës, and Tirana.

Located just a 15-minute scenic walk by the sea from the center of Sarandë, the resort is conveniently positioned. For those preferring to ride, a bus stop is situated merely 25 meters from the resort's entrance, providing easy access to the city and its attractions, including the panoramic views from Lekursi Castle and the seven historic churches nearby. Additionally, the UNESCO-protected site of Butrint is just a 20-minute bus ride away, making Bougainville Bay Apartments an ideal base for exploring the rich history and culture of the area.