---\ntitle: "BoulevarD Guesthouse"\ndescription: "BoulevarD Guesthouse emerges as a breath of fresh air in the heart of Korçë, standing out for its recent renovations and its picturesque setting just 44 km away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507640339.jpg?k=6ec46acf6bd3b96cf14ab84ce1531de737789172ad3ff1d26b65f55c9e62587f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boulevard-guesthouse\naddress: "Bulevardi Fan Noli, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6135709\n  lng: 20.78081222\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507640339.jpg?k=6ec46acf6bd3b96cf14ab84ce1531de737789172ad3ff1d26b65f55c9e62587f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512151153.jpg?k=154cc36ca77599da5befd09595d828a8281f3a914149c67ee84e662dae527c2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512019404.jpg?k=9e3b1af5cab22a49af6b7d8df5d28038da7464fed25102cf6d933e810da32513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512019420.jpg?k=9dc32dac8593d4e944a2e310ee7e966e6958f330138de2e865e28c7f4018fa18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512019436.jpg?k=bc2fcae6bf4fe989177450107662fe7eae728ae19c5a2b8feb0ebe9d922898e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512153174.jpg?k=e52feadd16d4bbb0117b7d107f90eec879ac07e1ccc6f0a6492ca1900fce95e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Joen 50 m"\n  - "Shtepia Voskopojane 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 300 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 550 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erisa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very beautiful, cozy with everything we needed. Very clean. Great location 2-3 min from cathedral of korca.
Every room was spacious. A stay room with sofa coffea tea maker. The host is ready to help you with anything and make you feel welcomed.”"\n  - name: "Bixhaku"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was perfect, very close to central area. Spacious , air conditioned and comfortable. Staff were very welcoming and friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boulevard-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room in the guesthouse is thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning and a private balcony for guests to soak in the city's beauty. The accommodations are well-equipped with modern amenities including a private bathroom complete with a bidet and hair dryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Complimentary WiFi and essential furnishings like a wardrobe and coffee machine add to the convenience, making it a home away from home.

Situated at a convenient distance, the Monastery Saint Naum is also 44 km away, making BoulevarD Guesthouse an ideal base for exploring the spiritual and natural wonders of the area. For those traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is within a 72 km reach, facilitating easy access for international and domestic visitors.

BoulevarD Guesthouse stands as a testament to refined hospitality in Korçë, promising an unforgettable stay with its blend of modern comforts and enchanting surroundings.