---\ntitle: "Boutique Hotel Adelar"\ndescription: "Boutique Hotel Adelar emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203223.jpg?k=27df147425fbcef980e96f6b6473e72dfba057e4a15f58bb6a26d5e53f60b971&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boutique-hotel-adelar\naddress: "Rruga Dervish Hima, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31969577\n  lng: 19.82609861\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203223.jpg?k=27df147425fbcef980e96f6b6473e72dfba057e4a15f58bb6a26d5e53f60b971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203117.jpg?k=ee722471f939d1feb23f5c1b016161d29c1629d5be74675e7c4807b18ffbd9e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203256.jpg?k=1172aa6e8e9af5d0d2e3cb62bb249a16acb044ed92ed5b1fd77562687f213683&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203095.jpg?k=f3cc693660c29d080288fd40416ee1933dbca7e68b365bd1513102cbbaafce95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203213.jpg?k=679fb53a1b3c09488349d147e1c52fddecc500fefc78eb25f9509e46f1410d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493203040.jpg?k=f4943257cf99539ddd41cca028a7e60718fe2288c31526116291249cdd572a65&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Alberts 20 m"\n  - "Mini Bar Restorant 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 50 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“\"I recently had the pleasure of staying at Hotel boutique Adelar and I must say it was an exceptional experience. The staff were incredibly welcoming and attentive, ensuring that every aspect of my stay was taken care of. The room was spacious,...”"\n  - name: "Hysen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was wonderful. From the room to the reception and restaurant staff. Thank you for giving us the comfort we did not expect.”"\n  - name: "Karen-edi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Staff were lovely. Breakfast was insane, could barely move, more food just kept coming!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-adelar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Boutique Hotel Adelar are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each air-conditioned room is thoughtfully equipped with modern conveniences including a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing experience. The attention to detail extends to the provision of plush bed linen and towels in all rooms.

The culinary experience at Boutique Hotel Adelar is not to be missed. The hotel offers a variety of breakfast options, ranging from a hearty buffet to à la carte and continental choices, catering to the diverse tastes and preferences of its guests.

Strategically positioned near must-visit attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, the hotel serves as a perfect gateway for guests eager to delve into the city's intriguing past and contemporary charm. For those traveling from afar, the convenience of being 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the hotel's appeal.

With its commitment to providing exceptional service, including a 24-hour front desk, shuttle service, room service, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property, Boutique Hotel Adelar stands out as a premier choice for accommodation in Tirana, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.