---\ntitle: "Boutique Hotel Musée"\ndescription: "Boutique Hotel Musée, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër and a mere 45 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, stands out for its exceptional services and amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355425878.jpg?k=37f6e93693d0e03db33f115acb34b53590247ad325ac27c31f83872eeac318aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boutique-hotel-mus-e\naddress: "Lagjja Palorto, rruga: Hysen Hoxha, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.075151\n  lng: 20.135184\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 451\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355425878.jpg?k=37f6e93693d0e03db33f115acb34b53590247ad325ac27c31f83872eeac318aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472922688.jpg?k=3ae41a08a5846f6780a2377c8730db4b1a5ea5a7e5ebb3d1960a87e046152fa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474111606.jpg?k=cdf59b0a0a1bf2c6156c60132946807890827223be53b529c1c26d3293f6e4ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311589946.jpg?k=1456e2c6e8bacef9f044e97bf73f65c8213613d407e2d385361a3fd5e617b698&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472920673.jpg?k=3da16fa13a87a3709cca1126a122e5766feaffb851276c7c3c12e8d1163ff7fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474111775.jpg?k=3e160c9bed37b94b2591475635a8009322f0151908b682a009b1f30589247682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474111744.jpg?k=1ff25ab04a1996d1f470872d28c971ed1b89dba44d98e4713113f8e2247b6d76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474111710.jpg?k=52f4fe3ecd32d310e0890dcc3c855ba1f35ab24df00a39298dc6df4bd1cbef0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474111489.jpg?k=9acc033f336565cdc9cc29b6d239ef6a50c5f04c3857a2040d2e93a5fcf95b87&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Etno 150 m"\n  - "Silver Hill Reastaurant 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Fantastic historical room + great breakfast with a view + central location”"\n  - name: "Pascal"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Very good service , owners are very friendly and service minded. Beautiful hotel. Delicious breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The hotel & room was beautiful and the owners were really nice to us! We felt like all our wishes were matched and additionally, the breakfast was great :) definitely recommend to stay there to anyone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/muse-39-e.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Boutique Hotel Musée is a testament to comfort and style, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV boasting cable channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle for those morning or evening refreshments. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which are equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home. Moreover, guests can enjoy captivating city views right from their rooms, further enhancing the experience with the added touch of provided bed linen and towels.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, ready to assist guests around the clock at the 24-hour front desk. Whether you speak Greek, English, or Italian, you'll find a warm welcome and assistance tailored to your needs.

For travelers flying in, the Boutique Hotel Musée is conveniently located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, making it an accessible choice for international and domestic visitors alike.

Boutique Hotel Musée is not just a place to stay; it's an experience that offers a glimpse into the rich culture and history of Gjirokastër while providing all the modern amenities a discerning traveler could ask for.