---\ntitle: "Boutique Hotel Whisky"\ndescription: "Boutique Hotel Whisky emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199211904.jpg?k=492fb44dd2341954e0248d5d1cc2059927b395362e06739d69b38c606a0b70b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: boutique-hotel-whisky\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova Pall 21/4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32020237\n  lng: 19.81852002\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 702\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199211904.jpg?k=492fb44dd2341954e0248d5d1cc2059927b395362e06739d69b38c606a0b70b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199267232.jpg?k=89b3c4d47c0aff3b875b0e4b02dbf91898840c9e3bb7f4f82f620a0fa4cc022b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199214278.jpg?k=a6bd3625ca57c70385975ab32b5fdcead24bfa60db9fe0af79a9e1b96c15797c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480768414.jpg?k=40dfe6cc76c0c4c1259b7738b368f7a895c3e5cd72a99b1cd146d3a3f0aacca5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480768376.jpg?k=3bd01ac20554f75f7b808defec0d3b745c02adeb413af88fb55180423b126226&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199216297.jpg?k=c0e95a181696de9d3a95dce13b826b0c472bdfba8088ae9893602ce947aeb06c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199212406.jpg?k=58d803ea29834c91bd2650f05a6d7b45a4cd75299454e6e8d0adc0775cc3e43b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199214554.jpg?k=5ba49703f9f33b4bec5453a64372f2dc10a23424025f3bcb6c6b9a6986a9ab9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480768714.jpg?k=db7b9f39bc6960e0210ae0bec832919a5ab058c32e1fd153edef71ed34fd791f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Yamato Tirana 7 m"\n  - "Bonaparte 10 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 100 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Nice, friendly and helpful staff. Cosy room (even if not exactly the one presented in the cover-photo). Good WIFI connection. Lots of cafes and markets all-around, not to mention the deserted villa of the former communist...”"\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Room was large, with a very comfortable bed. Lots of storage. Shower room was spacious. Changed towels daily, and gave you two floor mats which is great.
Breakfast was in the bar. Omelette with sides of cucumber, tomato, two types of cheese.
Great...”"\n  - name: "Edwin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“All staff, without exception, friendly, helpful and wishing to please. Any small issues I had were addressed and corrected where possible. Room facilities excellent. Breakfast was traditional to Albania and enjoyable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-whisky.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Boutique Hotel Whisky are greeted each morning with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation. The hotel prides itself on offering personalized services including room service, luggage storage, and currency exchange, ensuring a hassle-free stay for every guest.

For those drawn to the city's historical and cultural sites, Boutique Hotel Whisky is conveniently situated near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, making it an ideal base for exploration. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 16 km away, allowing for easy access to and from the city.

Boutique Hotel Whisky is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and history of Tirana, making it a top recommendation for travelers seeking both comfort and culture.