---\ntitle: "Brahimi Guest House"\ndescription: "Brahimi Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, perfectly positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Sunset Beach and a leisurely stroll from the vibrant Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447506431.jpg?k=d2c028df1c36ab62f79217ea507f65ccfb75841a98436ed9eb5649844b783138&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brahimi-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Ali Pasha, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.771611\n  lng: 20.01146854\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447506431.jpg?k=d2c028df1c36ab62f79217ea507f65ccfb75841a98436ed9eb5649844b783138&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456153744.jpg?k=5a166f0a13e6c77aa51ec6fecc23de8a4f6a448fd8d937e2bb5ecd7dbf999d11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456153775.jpg?k=13baae23d6c0c121cfa8aa1bb1ac93d6bb8c186d81a1f81a79ff448bbd7b008a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456153759.jpg?k=8afe4ef9d0c38d80a3336f682f2b420966ad2cf7f9df172f6a70df2d375d84d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456153809.jpg?k=5e62bd22a47c7267d7fb106cd2d716645ce2bf677050639f177d5786f449eb57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456153743.jpg?k=666558371d3eee63b24bf266995df5451a57abd9612120b8232b7c5e1808fee4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 900 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vicky"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The room was very large, comfortable with new furniture, very large and comfortable bed. There was a separate kitchen fully equipped with a large fridge, table and chairs. The bathroom was also new, clean and comfortable. Guest owners, polite.”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“A large and beautiful apartment with the necessary things needed for a comfortable stay. A beautiful flower garden with a view of the mountain landscape. The peace and quiet helped us to really rest. The hosts were extremely kind and accommodating...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brahimi-guest-house-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests of Brahimi Guest House are treated to the comfort of air-conditioned accommodations, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking on the premises. The property boasts a selection of units, each featuring a private bathroom for the utmost privacy and comfort. For those desiring a touch of home, selected rooms are enhanced with a fully equipped kitchen, offering the perfect blend of convenience and luxury.

Situated 93 km from Corfu International Airport, Brahimi Guest House stands as a testament to the beauty and tranquility of Ksamil, inviting guests to experience a blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty.