---\ntitle: "Bral Apartments 9"\ndescription: "Bral Apartments 9 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on their visit to Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366677893.jpg?k=0d92a51f00befe2c0a3d5e9918f5b81c11463fa850cb0de2d618c4bfeb1a99df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bral-apartments-9\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31031152\n  lng: 19.48326393\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366677893.jpg?k=0d92a51f00befe2c0a3d5e9918f5b81c11463fa850cb0de2d618c4bfeb1a99df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363843413.jpg?k=87923ea1d9af90e4de9f32f7ba5c802097a054ca058161e27e41202156f7aaee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211538.jpg?k=b906f1e41ae4904b650b2abda6a7403360e78075c6a6a1f3c7a2a52cbd5a1d69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211351.jpg?k=7f4945e492413376b6b4c9e1f34a0a13c2b959cfc44485e2ece82ef6475f3730&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361212485.jpg?k=fc4d68bc4bed4c09deb62e5b30afbb5a850649b6135c26c5209a57a16034de76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449136129.jpg?k=d4426a9016f58e4cf9407ec963651c5b8d53adbd1cde1a9e89ade18a79628946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365977670.jpg?k=4c9827d061bd4ee463bcc1f1a22947f7571c666ddd3b73e817255af548415b34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470916863.jpg?k=6c71b563c1fd6fe2121a9a94b120baf25c83383df26a11b42daf62a2c9eccf6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470917152.jpg?k=94523cea98dd0b3d4b92a686ea7ea6b097fe18a2e7385cb01040bc4781f83722&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (33 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skrapari 30 m"\n  - "Prince 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jay"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Amazing sea view, nice and pretty big apartment and most helpful host ever. Thanks a lot, we had a great stay!!!”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“super near to the beach, good internet, owner is super fast at fixing problems, great balcony”"\n  - name: "Adrien"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Apartment was exactly as expected. Seaview balconies. Nice host. I recommend :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bral-apartment-9.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail in each apartment is noteworthy. From the cozy seating areas perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration, to the fully equipped kitchens ready for culinary adventures, every aspect has been designed with the guest in mind. The inclusion of modern conveniences such as flat-screen TVs, bidets, and slippers adds a touch of sophistication to the stay. Moreover, the provision of essentials like bed linen, towels, and a range of kitchen appliances underscores the establishment's commitment to guest comfort.

For those who appreciate convenience at their doorstep, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex is a welcome feature. Additionally, the area's popularity for cycling, coupled with the availability of bike hire services, invites guests to explore the scenic surroundings in an engaging manner.

Situated a mere 38 km from Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Bral Apartments 9 serves as an ideal base for guests looking to discover the local attractions. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 33 km away, is complemented by the option of a paid airport shuttle service, offering ease of travel to and from the property.

In essence, Bral Apartments 9 stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, promising a memorable stay with its blend of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and commitment to guest satisfaction.