---\ntitle: "Bral Currila - Peaceful Beachfront Apartment"\ndescription: "Bral Currila - Peaceful Beachfront Apartment stands as a serene oasis right on the shores of Durrës, mere steps from the pristine sands of Kallmi Beach and a short stroll from the vibrant West End Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473322099.jpg?k=25c5b775d4c3fe825f2c9af4f1e3ee705995417ec687f81c9e6aba3e60e255de&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bral-currila-peaceful-beachfront-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Currilave, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32297238\n  lng: 19.42871941\nprice: "US$129"\npriceFrom: 129\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473322099.jpg?k=25c5b775d4c3fe825f2c9af4f1e3ee705995417ec687f81c9e6aba3e60e255de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475094558.jpg?k=e9ff154593474a09ddf651bc753433d9a96a4d13d727f514c92ba0db0710a456&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095873.jpg?k=59153e0b3b64626d2b955d1ca967eac74c6f17a89fee89a7ea53960c57fa7045&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321943.jpg?k=d1aedb943f86846cbe236c8f90fd8b87e023dd65dc6fd2ce6805dff49a7031e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475094510.jpg?k=9d960b129f831aed5afd0202891e17973e0f156b8466635cd296d198b3a9ab4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475873357.jpg?k=67cea6b328453e0e388bb5de0800ca927a6db0ad664f45492bf40415a2dc7643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475094687.jpg?k=7d744f04e07a2b4beb40a444f784db65db369872b115d4892258de444925c005&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321773.jpg?k=44a8b45c242eea683d440e0e046ea7df68ab30bec01839ac88b89a9d83632e90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479954786.jpg?k=27aa26d91cb01c818dee75b166457f326d42d7d0556aa63662dff1f459cd1c97&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Drini 20 m"\n  - "Charlie Max Marina 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 30 m"\n  - "West End Beach 550 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 750 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.9 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ergys"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My recent stay at Bral beach apartment was a dream come true! The view of the beach right next to the house was simply breathtaking. Only 5 minutes away from KALLM, a beach with very few visitors and crystal clear waters. The host's hospitality...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bral-currila-peaceful-beachfront-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting a balcony that offers unobstructed views of the sea. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a kitchen equipped with modern appliances including an oven and a microwave. The bathroom comes with a bidet, enhancing the comfort of your stay. An outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of mountain scenery, making every dining experience memorable. The provision of bed linen, towels, and laundry services underscores the apartment's commitment to guest convenience.

For those with a penchant for exploration, Bral Currila facilitates adventures with its offering of packed lunches, perfect for day trips to explore the surrounding landmarks. After a day of discovery, the tranquil garden provides a perfect retreat to unwind and reflect on the day's experiences.

Located less than 1 km from the picturesque Currila Beach and within manageable distance from the historic Skanderbeg Square, the apartment serves as an ideal base for both beach lovers and cultural enthusiasts. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 36 km away, guests find Bral Currila - Peaceful Beachfront Apartment not just a place to stay, but a gateway to the rich experiences that Durrës has to offer.