---\ntitle: "Bral Apartments"\ndescription: "Bral Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, coupled with stunning sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222511510.jpg?k=6afa6a817bdd20dabf874915d4b35085f0e4a2af2e17ae1016b27a0f946c3e72&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bral-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia Front of Kavalishenca and Tropikal Resort, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29378489\n  lng: 19.50740542\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 120\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222511510.jpg?k=6afa6a817bdd20dabf874915d4b35085f0e4a2af2e17ae1016b27a0f946c3e72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298910557.jpg?k=6c0e8c231bbc02a6de374db3d58aff8e7abb16e6e29ed6b4f427282407558c01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295462012.jpg?k=f3f515180a417691f195e7f48bf0dea51ea1e9830e43da9f25e7d0d0ebb61311&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486174494.jpg?k=3322ae8fd62866765b2b71a39e4c6bc9786e2f2f756d46ed73c57ed07bf255fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298910440.jpg?k=7ee6e6094f2d9ec7dfc1d63539ac6a340876f83292a2279f31d8498b2e27d8e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310538477.jpg?k=6ec6bbed99ec4eed366e50c02bbcb4e94f3a0177b5a4c909bba61b317e6d5d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217549923.jpg?k=9ef6a47f40bc131e267bc89c45d2c99d7ee2f61aa14377bd75604b0018f89257&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266712175.jpg?k=634e58d03a90e3cee812cbaae237fa44c7c0dfddf65502c0c7656f7c08cdf730&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486174256.jpg?k=13edd2cfba110bacb6daa919b40f56d7dd04a0769f25b077242c89b49c7e8653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266712229.jpg?k=d8e8a3c6cc9f8c8b398d9fe35ec6c18d82b7b974573d2bfe4eb8ce5bd0dfbf5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295462886.jpg?k=5dd85749e646d52d2ed654423941d9f2b0e324f4a1f62849b1ffc18569d6d131&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295462061.jpg?k=5bad6a8407d8dac2037e73d05df09de35be401e549d48a3fd7e63cb93a566761&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (27 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 100 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 900 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "José"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Luftim is a funtastic host, He welcomed us into the appartment at a quite late reservation and still gave very good tips on places to visit during our stay in Albania. Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Vjosa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The appartment is well equipped with everything needed, it is spacious and very good value for money. The host was very helpful and friendly.”"\n  - name: "Mono"\n    country: "Chile"\n    text: "“Lufting is the best. He help you in everything that you need. Then the appartement it's amazing. You really feel at home. You have these beatifull sunset in your balcony!!! You have everything near to the house, grocery, bar and the beach! Really...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bral-apartments-durre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach unit within Bral Apartments is meticulously designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air-conditioned spaces, a cozy seating area, and entertainment through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services. The convenience of a fully-equipped kitchen, inclusive of an oven, microwave, and toaster, alongside a dedicated dining area, allows guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy meals just the way they like. Safety and comfort are paramount, with each apartment boasting a private bathroom featuring a walk-in shower, bathrobes, and slippers, ensuring a stay that is both secure and indulgent. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the apartment complex's commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to savor local flavors or grab a quick bite, the on-site snack bar and the option for packed lunches cater to diverse culinary preferences. Bral Apartments is not just about serene views and comfortable lodging; it's a haven for adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts. The area is renowned for cycling and fishing, with car hire services readily available for guests eager to explore the surroundings. The thrill of snorkeling and diving awaits marine life aficionados, while the convenience of bicycle rental and water sports facilities on-site promises endless outdoor fun.

Located a short distance from the picturesque Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and within reach of the historic Skanderbeg Square, Bral Apartments serves as an ideal base for exploring the local sights. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 35 km away, and the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, guests can anticipate a hassle-free travel experience to and from the property.

In essence, Bral Apartments is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a memorable escape with its blend of natural beauty, comfort, and adventure, making it a top pick for travelers to Durres.