---\ntitle: "BRAND NEW Luxurious seaside apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of seaside luxury at BRAND NEW Luxurious Seaside Apartment, a prime destination for travelers seeking an exceptional stay in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461056192.jpg?k=19d0ccdc25e54c86d70a222df41cf850de398318f915deb082130760fcab1ebf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brand-new-luxurious-seaside-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Agaveve, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30734234\n  lng: 19.48764858\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461056192.jpg?k=19d0ccdc25e54c86d70a222df41cf850de398318f915deb082130760fcab1ebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471016612.jpg?k=f0db2d40dd518bcda5f465e4c0b2c40191be8c6303e4833b59f97aa0670dc326&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461056189.jpg?k=5620527ad08acb4977d305b2366cc9677960109cd8ea049963c2308ae795c8ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461056195.jpg?k=13b544402c1170b054c62f9dfdffdf3531723a20d06a82b0c6f83a57189973d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461066098.jpg?k=f507e2393b789d1ecc701bcd8d96acfc4a108bbb801a9bcf91d6243f912a442b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461055447.jpg?k=188cb9471dc5a229289eb9cc9d80b9d1592b1d5533714707c3068a52750d9ad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461055451.jpg?k=f66b784bd46cd7e7de1bb171c40a1ef8fe0b985395ecdc71eb10e6930c1f6844&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461056851.jpg?k=e1b71dfa25070023328848feaaf6f2ebab10df66c9938aeb61863cd8a417f2b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461064222.jpg?k=d7f6d3e0e6f4d2f32a0932561bfd2b0e0843f41351e59baadfa28e1b78af0a2c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kb Kraja 30 m"\n  - "Resto-Cafe Hemingway 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 5 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marsela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was exactly as you can see in photos. The apartament was clean, warm, spacious and in a very good location.”"\n  - name: "Xhuljana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good investment, it provides you all the facilities you need and is in the first line with the beach.”"\n  - name: "Alina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“New and clean apartment, great location, good mattresses and air conditioner, hosts”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brand-new-top-location-seaside-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, featuring air-conditioned spaces that are thoughtfully designed to enhance every moment of your stay. From the welcoming patio to the spacious balcony, guests are treated to garden views that promise relaxation and tranquility. The interior boasts a modern aesthetic, with a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy dining area, and a living space adorned with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and even a selection of fruits, chocolates, or cookies adds a personal touch that makes the experience all the more memorable.

For those who enjoy al fresco dining, the outdoor dining area is a delightful spot to savor meals while basking in the serene atmosphere. Although the apartment provides a peaceful retreat, it is conveniently located near a variety of dining options, allowing guests to explore the local culinary scene with ease.

Situated just a stone's throw from the pristine sands of Durres Beach, the apartment is also within reasonable distance of notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for exploring the wider area. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is merely 33 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

BRAND NEW Luxurious Seaside Apartment is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises an unforgettable experience, combining the comfort of home with the luxury of a high-end holiday retreat.