---\ntitle: "Bricks Studio Apartments"\ndescription: "Bricks Studio Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298682.jpg?k=0ceb5728138122b244dc39ca63683363ec425f1c3f99aa532a0108be5f545254&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bricks-studio-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32494824\n  lng: 19.8131441\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 132\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298682.jpg?k=0ceb5728138122b244dc39ca63683363ec425f1c3f99aa532a0108be5f545254&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485706086.jpg?k=74e6b3fcda288a214b930f083a74cdef0a0543bfe639b7074b1e82c652012b1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298827.jpg?k=6e68d45cfe6b7cc09f9230643e47ce306fe315b99e5b30c26e4e279d31e7b6ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298657.jpg?k=2e98cdaf9d2790cb42ecce5f9a20918520ad508e111d1673e13f695a1f1f9d39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298679.jpg?k=3c2e009b20cbc7b0f7af645593302cc13e86ad47b35d53a4934efbe31cf4455b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509300205.jpg?k=ea737807d487ea708af7595ff5d614d1ff66b2ae2bb502a5baf0225f80200b40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461914666.jpg?k=76d53884d9f4aaa4f02d5d4bc10b9711ca53bb9b66a6fa6e7e8e3444a0a9c508&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509299328.jpg?k=264d8829a14e75fcf630cd4eac3b5bcab22eef363e659c7488902eb593fc3f22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509298689.jpg?k=d12931c8e10af6dfa21928a3a5a9dccca751dbadbe0108d6921c4fed67802a8e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Studio"\n  - "Standard Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mulliri I Vjeter 30 m"\n  - "New Top Snack 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“This airbnb is amazing!! I love it!
Clean, near the city center, very friendly workers
and really affordable! Can't wait to come back soon!”"\n  - name: "Sal73x"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice studio in excellent location with everything in walking distance.
The property is in the centre of the city with bars, restaurants and shops within 5 minutes walk.
Most monuments are within max 20 minutes walk including the bus station...”"\n  - name: "Katie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Room was lovely, staff really good who met us and gave us information. Good location.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bricks-studio-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out not only for its strategic location but also for the thoughtful amenities it offers. Each apartment is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchenette allows guests the flexibility to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with the provision of a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The private bathroom comes with a bath, slippers, and a hairdryer, adding an extra layer of convenience.

For those interested in exploring the surroundings, Bricks Studio Apartments is conveniently located near Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, offering a glimpse into the city's architectural beauty and green spaces. The property is also well-connected, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, simplifying travel arrangements.

In summary, Bricks Studio Apartments presents a compelling option for visitors to Tirana, combining essential amenities with a location that puts the city's highlights within easy reach. Whether it's for the proximity to cultural landmarks or the comfort of a well-appointed apartment, this property caters to a wide range of preferences, making it a recommended stay for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.