---\ntitle: "Bright Bedrooms W/Private Bathroom in Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Bright Bedrooms W/Private Bathroom in Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521698038.jpg?k=8985d7c558e8938be02f04024690ffc7487cb7de3203c5d4558e6fad0a64748d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bright-bedrooms-w-private-bathroom-in-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Andon Zako Çajupi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32117087\n  lng: 19.81296612\nprice: "US$20"\npriceFrom: 20\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521698038.jpg?k=8985d7c558e8938be02f04024690ffc7487cb7de3203c5d4558e6fad0a64748d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521698117.jpg?k=803383838a7d9011c29506d250767d1a31518000159f8e6e6fc5ab4a5b4f277f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521697959.jpg?k=b9175214ae6120f1c33bfa352cb18f1620c120d6e4b052e5fc81994c727bbe24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521699295.jpg?k=db774bd46bc49c1415caf33cc2062733be89aef989ca79202822c33c305fa4a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521698096.jpg?k=a7b3fed99a46259395fdc202f9bf5860a3db9c1d4b8b6a8a361cf6e7d89e0041&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521697952.jpg?k=450b5e0b7504d211ca90f79503f5254ba2222bdb9389b4325f4ad0273f37f07c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Large Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Biss Club 20 m"\n  - "Eat Fish 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nastassia"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great location. The host was in touch online & was available for every concern. I asked additional blanket and it was delivered next morning.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bright-bedrooms-w-private-bathroom-in-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a host of thoughtful amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each air-conditioned accommodation offers panoramic city views, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and cable TV for entertainment. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, adds a touch of home, allowing visitors the freedom to prepare their meals. The inclusion of a private bathroom, outfitted with a shower and plush bathrobes, ensures a comfortable and private retreat.

Connectivity is seamless, with complimentary WiFi available throughout the premises. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms boast balconies, offering a perfect nook for morning coffees or evening reflections. Attention to detail is evident, with all units being meticulously fitted with quality bed linen and towels, underscoring the guest house's commitment to guest comfort.

The terrace is another highlight, offering a tranquil space to unwind while soaking in the urban landscape. Its proximity to other attractions, including the Pyramid of Tirana, Rinia Park, and Reja - The Cloud, further cements Bright Bedrooms W/Private Bathroom in Heart of Tirana as a top pick for those wishing to immerse themselves in the city's dynamic atmosphere. For travelers, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

In summary, Bright Bedrooms W/Private Bathroom in Heart of Tirana presents a compelling blend of location, comfort, and thoughtful amenities, making it a standout option for visitors to Tirana looking for an authentic and enjoyable stay.