---\ntitle: "Brilant Studio Apartment City Center"\ndescription: "Brilant Studio Apartment City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429018624.jpg?k=f4d16ec26a68c85ba1433b8cb2a24508e5aadab2f1351c30d17f18c4d5c01e96&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brilant-studio-apartment-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Jeronim De Rada Nr 8, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32711986\n  lng: 19.82482915\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429018624.jpg?k=f4d16ec26a68c85ba1433b8cb2a24508e5aadab2f1351c30d17f18c4d5c01e96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449755623.jpg?k=3ffce9f03c0e6961563a9fcaada527fa0295bc473e43bfc42c07cbf82005b8e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433027325.jpg?k=1f1fe2e58fa41d4314c847f1f064555d00cc8cbe151674878160bfe716ee8675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433027256.jpg?k=f211cf0f732396e22f261f85a1e3ff715b3878e53c68fa153be36b1d6eae4fc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082484.jpg?k=f2fb40637973cd6be8f8817feb18a819c700b5758e7d667eff7088a29102b94f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449755691.jpg?k=ca93ac573099108c2c771535596f0b591212e9670ee84f196839f48413d8c808&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429018626.jpg?k=57c8a1e351d56cf23563632aafc9dd3afc22cf0fe3fd635b2a54b154ec0e3d18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082550.jpg?k=2d4070b7f779a020dd1de8604b1c3f869dd970119c7c2293fbaad0771f6bd303&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449755649.jpg?k=ee1147ac858f612df2b18e76cb1d74307ceacd57cf809996fc3c7976b47ccd57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (166 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Adoro 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Zoto 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luke"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, bed was very comfy, kitchen had all working utensils, location was good, outdoor space was nice. We throughly enjoyed our stay”"\n  - name: "Montserrat"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very well located, spacious studio in the centre of Tirana. Powerful aircon, I even had to switch it off at some point. It had toiletries, plenty of sockets and well equipped kitchen that I didn’t use.”"\n  - name: "Matt"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Great location just a short walk from the main square. Check In at the Brilant Hotel next door. Studio had everything including big pot and pan for cooking, oil, utensils etc. Good value to explore Tirana from”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brilant-studio-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nDesigned with a keen eye for detail, the air-conditioned apartment boasts a layout that includes one separate bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen fitted with a microwave and fridge, ensuring all the comforts of home. The inclusion of a private bathroom adds to the convenience, with the option to request towels and linens for an additional touch of luxury. For those looking to keep their attire crisp, an ironing service is readily available.

For explorers eager to traverse the city, Brilant Studio Apartment City Center facilitates an effortless experience by offering both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy to venture out and discover the local sights. Situated in proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the cultural heartbeat of Tirana. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment simplifies travel arrangements with the option of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure.