---\ntitle: "Brilant Apartament"\ndescription: "Brilant Apartament emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503431855.jpg?k=ffef3dab9d3ac5f26e9a968d066fe8a69fa70c7614a95bec7f9093a2eda62c77&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brilant-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Abdurrahim Buza Nd.43 Njesia Administrative Nr. 8 ,1017, 0043 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34375626\n  lng: 19.82199457\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 113\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503431855.jpg?k=ffef3dab9d3ac5f26e9a968d066fe8a69fa70c7614a95bec7f9093a2eda62c77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126899747.jpg?k=0bdf097dc02cbbe3c516efc811994b1e6da424008c97470441994a3cf9c469e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150845733.jpg?k=103e8fef967e8ec6a05104638c7d96bf8ef94669aa9ea598765c7fb4f99ab1e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438683283.jpg?k=6a0a9a5a2c9d0f8a1b5e27d445b087ef14ef4c977ffb9a8eb82925f6b807a0de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438671430.jpg?k=8780da88b2be2ddeaf948cbd5811499cdb9975e514109f15d6f1fca45f2eed9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438670323.jpg?k=a1ef5cd94da763203d31f89d566493c18821444d5afe4a981aa7d4171976d154&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Birrari Ke Tori 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Dania 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emillyyy"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A beautiful, clean, comfortable apartment. Very well equiped. A walking distance to the city centre.The owner of the apartment very friendly and helpful. I wish I could stay longer than 2 nights. If I ever come back to Tirana it is my first choice.”"\n  - name: "Nejc"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very nice, clean and quiet apartment in Tirana. Also private parking. Near is a cafe with excellent coffee Kimbo and delicious sweets for breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Kamila"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It was really comfortable. The apartment was clean. There were a lot of kitchen accessories and cosmetics in bathroom. We are very pleasure and recommend this apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brilant-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Brilant Apartament are designed with families in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that boast a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen. The dining area allows guests to enjoy meals in the comfort of their apartment, while the private bathroom comes with thoughtful amenities such as slippers, a bidet, and a hair dryer. For added convenience, each unit is supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to unwind in the lush garden, offering a peaceful escape from the bustling city life. The property's location also serves as an ideal base for exploring Tirana's rich history and attractions, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just 3.3 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, a further exploration at 43 km.

For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 13 km from Brilant Apartament, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a memorable stay, Brilant Apartament stands out as a top accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana.