---\ntitle: "Brilliant Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Brilliant Hotel & SPA stands as a beacon of luxury in Golem, just a short stroll from the pristine shores of Qerret Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226803487.jpg?k=f3a2b4b5379deacca38c922ebabf0acd658cd42d3b9d0c05794cf24304d4fd03&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brilliant-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga e Fshatrave Turistike, 2501 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.223335\n  lng: 19.513628\nprice: "US$116"\npriceFrom: 116\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 78\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 7.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226803487.jpg?k=f3a2b4b5379deacca38c922ebabf0acd658cd42d3b9d0c05794cf24304d4fd03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298179.jpg?k=18a155699fe6fe24cbea656afe9b558e2c4515e0b397a4ba47d08707b49e9207&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298181.jpg?k=eadaa78d729313cf2dd462e2d9d8fcb572808fc198f5ba2102a5bd31bda8d754&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298183.jpg?k=71e18206cca7a57226a03fa24a781f06909e50d0283452d9796222e7f52d2497&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298185.jpg?k=7e23918d725f15fb03847cc469cf6d11ef7671988332af2dc195c856777da361&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298186.jpg?k=55645ee9ff2d49d1c60db71ae9f14486cd3461b2ab9ef17172d7ea8ce7724e34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298188.jpg?k=5f7aa3d4738586425d767907a6be9306304a310f4b219155e2e07ad5ec503a75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298189.jpg?k=9c29ab7f96d6720ea8d5a1ad2859527ff50518a95e66599430bc20801217d637&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261298191.jpg?k=a1840a3bb62dba223af893b8610fc76c667bae2f82c25f674a15dc5119c5ce30&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Queen Suite with Spa Bath"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baca 500 m"\n  - "Panorama by Supreme Hotel & Spa 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 750 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Is the second time that I am a guest at this hotel and as last time everything was perfect. I love this hotel, is so cosy place.😍😍😍”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hotel was beautiful and staff was very friendly. Breakfast buffet was amazing. Although I was out of season there was a SPA Center and I had a good time there.
Firstly I read some negative comments and I was in doubt dor reservation, but when I...”"\n  - name: "Eda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The best place ever!!! The staff was very friendly and the room was very clean. The food was delicious, fresh, and very tasty. The spa center was the best in this zone. I really have a good time in this hotel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brilliant-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Brilliant Hotel & SPA is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a work desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with plush bed linen and towels. The allure of the sea is never far away, with every room offering a balcony that frames breathtaking views of the ocean. For those seeking an extra touch of luxury, select rooms boast expansive terraces. Safety is paramount, with each accommodation equipped with a secure deposit box and the added convenience of a fridge.

Morning at the hotel begins with a culinary journey, as guests are invited to enjoy a diverse breakfast selection, ranging from a lavish buffet and à la carte options to a classic continental spread.

The wellness journey continues with an indulgent spa area and a rejuvenating hot tub, promising relaxation and renewal.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, the sandy expanse of Mali I Robit Beach awaits exploration, located just over a kilometer away. For those drawn to cultural excursions, Skanderbeg Square offers a glimpse into the region's rich history, situated 49 kilometers from the hotel. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 43 kilometers away, making Brilliant Hotel & SPA an accessible gateway to both relaxation and adventure.