---\ntitle: "Britney's Apartments"\ndescription: "Britney's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450483165.jpg?k=3c0929903a7d28c838c21d51a11866e611dbba035f8dc2620113a2f6b709bdaf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: britney-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Maliq Muço, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33065198\n  lng: 19.81747989\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 47\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450483165.jpg?k=3c0929903a7d28c838c21d51a11866e611dbba035f8dc2620113a2f6b709bdaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458981647.jpg?k=dc4fc5b2468aad330cc95540dbbae08c900840b837c9cf6de5cf822e0950cf7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458981643.jpg?k=356326822a6670dbf75208c3f882aaa651fb0fc604a8d27ca9ed83e7b173b137&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458981690.jpg?k=81c14925644f356f2b8f7edab4d83c1574528f81ea36641c091d527776e4a139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474251990.jpg?k=9e825cd23b9f843ad30920cb9e3f6446a7cf2a71a4577c22fcde2e4da9ccf0b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458981540.jpg?k=30846166afaadcf275e261875fb54e765fbea56cf350a6bde1814bf317e07bde&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (27 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fabrika 20 m"\n  - "Mase 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valentina"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Location is great, 5min walk to the main square. It is well furnished.”"\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Central location. easy to reach. responsive host. nice spacious apartment in quiet neighbourhood”"\n  - name: "Alex"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was great, the conditions were fantastic, the location was also very favorable, I recommend this super apartment to everyone”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/britneys-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Britney's Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each apartment boasts a private entrance, ensuring a sense of exclusivity and privacy. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with a full kitchen, including an oven, and a cozy seating area complemented by a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. Convenience is further enhanced with the inclusion of a washing machine and a sleek private bathroom featuring a bidet and hair dryer. For added comfort, air conditioning and a desk are standard in all units, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Guests of Britney's Apartments enjoy the benefit of complimentary WiFi throughout the property, making it easy to stay connected with loved ones or attend to business matters. Private parking on site is an added convenience, particularly for those exploring the area by car.

The property is not just about the amenities; its location is a gateway to discovering Tirana's rich cultural tapestry. Notable nearby attractions include the National Museum of History Albania, the House of Leaves, and the Clock Tower Tirana, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's past and present. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making Britney's Apartments an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.