---\ntitle: "Broci Apartment"\ndescription: "Broci Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479292723.jpg?k=e4c946fff0f54107054ae6dc20af400a352bb9355b67ac9096d68fa2d4c3f8db&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: broci-apartment\naddress: "Bulevardi Zogu I, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3356013\n  lng: 19.81604757\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479292723.jpg?k=e4c946fff0f54107054ae6dc20af400a352bb9355b67ac9096d68fa2d4c3f8db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479294138.jpg?k=86f62c92ca86a86d4a150430306e0cbbed15a6ba5343c7e2c96834d566400b5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479293860.jpg?k=568ecf07f56a574ae26fc03ac06d1eadf991e0d469442747874db64b6142c7c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479292897.jpg?k=638b448c02222864cf87cbc711eb6ecea6f0c76aee958fb25ac613b324a03e13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522094458.jpg?k=131b7feab10c60c15a10788c9ef035def15caeb30f93d4c6106b944444abef9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479295066.jpg?k=48d21ba2cfc3155e8db59a48512dab3f7e60312fc8486bbc73f62fc45e5adf45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479294128.jpg?k=015a74c935ba6e4198346420ae6b3132097279d9ff427161c5b5f8828351593e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479292975.jpg?k=0da9add704303cbb587945725998a1158e296b0d09afe3f154aa0ea39774f8aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479293040.jpg?k=ed1172dd686bdb0b05398989e9ef8980bfdd7a66e1c484c3675111a3f5bed52e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bollati Grill & Pizza 20 m"\n  - "Fast Food 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thi"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“I would like to use the word: EXTREMELY for this apartment. Extremely friendly twins host - Itilio and Ilario. The apartment at 2nd floor of an old building but Extremely new with everything you need. Extremely clean and comfortable.
We...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“it was very comfortable in the heart of the city! what i liked most was the home feeling that the apartment gave to me. The host was very friendly and quickly responsive.”"\n  - name: "Jean"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Logement très spacieux Proximité avec le centre Un parking à 300 lek (3 euros) par jour Des restaurants à proximité La gentillesse des propriétaires”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/broci-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of spaciousness and modern amenities. It boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, and a kitchen that leaves nothing to be desired. With a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster at guests' disposal, the culinary possibilities are endless. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort to the stay, ensuring a seamless experience.

Connectivity is a breeze at Broci Apartment, thanks to the complimentary WiFi that envelops the space, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. The apartment's location is unbeatable, with Skanderbeg Square less than 1 km away, inviting guests to explore the pulsating heart of the city with ease.

For those keen on delving into Albania's rich history and culture, the apartment is conveniently situated near the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the intriguing House of Leaves. Each site offers a unique glimpse into the nation's soul and heritage.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 14 km away, making Broci Apartment an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's the allure of historical sites, the convenience of modern amenities, or the promise of an unforgettable Albanian adventure, Broci Apartment caters to a wide array of tastes and preferences.