---\ntitle: "Brunas apartments"\ndescription: "Brunas Apartments emerges as a serene retreat just a short distance from the vibrant Saranda City Beach, located merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068307.jpg?k=46c36f951a92aef480b2f99d91917ef483934ecd5829e67b22649dda2ee6a0c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: brunas-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87091282\n  lng: 20.01980275\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068307.jpg?k=46c36f951a92aef480b2f99d91917ef483934ecd5829e67b22649dda2ee6a0c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068345.jpg?k=aeeb90e9b7ce302a27d67547a7290440b533113a776f553676a5c4cba12b966f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068351.jpg?k=eadd5d7abe6f543cfb357c83704fbfb5e35c32407354b09b4840e03b791ae90f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068338.jpg?k=e6ec15ec7d092cb593893e39c27ba48ee30420ef668012c66c1481c3663511eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068347.jpg?k=7fe97046f20099ab92836addb8b8516a59567dd8d7a32a3c8f79e24320de50d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461068378.jpg?k=3d3c2fc3b1fb0446273f53f7d52c0782f3c782eabce0887906f7105e3c5a5354&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Bar Joana 150 m"\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 500 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Людмила"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Brilliant appartment! Magnificent view! I did not want even to leave it. We travel and work remotely and I searched for the appartment with tables. The appartment we rented has tables. Hosts are very friendly and helpful. Thank you very much!”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Wonderful, new apartments with a beautiful view of the Sea and the whole of Saranda, wonderful hosts, treated us to vegetables from their garden. We liked it very much, we would love to come back again.”"\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Vacation in Albania Saranda was a grandmother! We really liked the apartment, the good conditions, the host very, very kind and attentive, clean, we had everything necessary for the kitchen, the very beautiful view from the apartment, it is worth...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/perfect-view-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Brunas is thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests can expect to find a suite of modern amenities including a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own meals. Additionally, the inclusion of a terrace offers a private outdoor space to relax and unwind.

For beach enthusiasts, the location could not be more ideal. La Petite Beach and Maestral Beach are both within a 2 km radius, offering ample opportunities for sunbathing, swimming, and seaside relaxation. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 95 km from the apartments, making Brunas Apartments a convenient choice for both local and international travelers seeking a peaceful escape near Saranda's beautiful coastline.