---\ntitle: "Bruno’s Apartment"\ndescription: "Bruno's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436443.jpg?k=a5440a49840d2fa5e01bc216fe2036aaf89eb831d5cd20c7bbd44c19e55d53b5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bruno-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri Ap 1, floor 0, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32502729\n  lng: 19.81571175\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436443.jpg?k=a5440a49840d2fa5e01bc216fe2036aaf89eb831d5cd20c7bbd44c19e55d53b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436480.jpg?k=59ed30b6e003503e6030709cba9207987432fe061155390930690cf4809c7115&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436497.jpg?k=da61f6b704626006340efde9fbd478fe7cd4d928e392547216c00c5a33c9db2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436501.jpg?k=ae1642825f2cb33380168f144cbec786b8e7d20ae467f8b47e0a74856c5672b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436510.jpg?k=beef7993d7723e3b52ca7cdfe90ca80fcc3debe78ca1466668018866185ec913&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436474.jpg?k=419022c2588d4c97148e0f6f6359d0cb9e0a456946daf27ca513d610ed33224d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436493.jpg?k=da95f3b8465e9872c1fab0e6f226d6af41f761fce997e5602f95c4e0f088933c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436507.jpg?k=4e68868fc86f91e0bb702ef1ae11b1259b7e90a71029d8165ae032450ad08322&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390436485.jpg?k=e5adc453ba98ae160c76f572fd64555f2c76b092a11a9fbae00af0087eba5e74&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Eiffel 30 m"\n  - "Hidri Myslym Shyri 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dennis"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“great experience. great location. Best Bed we had and very helpful people 10/10”"\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The apartment was very pretty, it has everything that you need. The location even better, everthing was so close. It was clean and warm. The warmer where the host Bruno and his parents. They helped us a lot.. We are so thankfull and greatfull that...”"\n  - name: "Rick"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautifully clean and modern apartment with great furnishings. Lots of nice little touches and washing machine was a big bonus. Only a short walk to the main bar and restaurant district.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brunos-apartment-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air-conditioned spaces designed for relaxation and entertainment. Guests can unwind in the cozy living room, equipped with a flat-screen TV and game console, perfect for leisurely evenings after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave, allows for the convenience of home-cooked meals, further enhancing the homely atmosphere of Bruno's Apartment. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those keen to delve into the local scene, Bruno's Apartment is ideally positioned. A mere 500 meters from the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, art enthusiasts can immerse themselves in Albania's artistic heritage within minutes. The apartment is also conveniently close to Rinia Park, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, offering a glimpse into the city's historical and cultural landmarks. Moreover, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car just 5.3 km away, adventure seekers can easily access breathtaking views of the city from above.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 15 km away, making Bruno's Apartment a perfect base for both short and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's the allure of historical exploration, the convenience of modern amenities, or the simple pleasure of a comfortable stay, Bruno's Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for discerning travelers.