---\ntitle: "Budget Retreat Tirana & Studios"\ndescription: "Budget Retreat Tirana & Studios emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526705255.jpg?k=3a499dfdd6ba0351769779948abb379f08229502fe4d50fde8dd9dc246f2e659&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: budget-retreat-tirana-studios\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32455817\n  lng: 19.81432132\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 190\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526705255.jpg?k=3a499dfdd6ba0351769779948abb379f08229502fe4d50fde8dd9dc246f2e659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519186987.jpg?k=882ea8470c272851d9e999762811276f8852f28a83e2ddd8a95789da3576766c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508951340.jpg?k=12b225e618aeb751a2403e959ad816ff1431076a03adb9b5d751d247f5da897a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527842203.jpg?k=bb850cfc25cbfed31dac0f64b58eb760ca9cbe98c89140e02468153118ed1948&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516408395.jpg?k=d3c96e01747e58c199de89e7f61cc5719d2f86141bf30edbabfc7e04eba00752&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519187182.jpg?k=16db5a7c2b68a4ad47b49bb8536898b1afec328e76dd59a1b9defc868604ee7e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard King Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mania 40 m"\n  - "Hidri Myslym Shyri 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erik"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was clean and affordable. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. My room also has a good panoramic view of the Dajti mountains and the cityscape of Tirana. I will definitely be back there.”"\n  - name: "Nikolli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Beautiful architecture of the apartment, furnished in modern conditions. The reception was very kind, especially Marigleni.”"\n  - name: "Joshua"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly and helpful staff, who sent videos on WhatsApp with directions and support. Very clever idea! Apartment was massive, spotless, and comfy. Amazing value for money, thank you for everything!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/budget-retreat-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Budget Retreat Tirana & Studios are treated to well-appointed rooms, each featuring essential amenities to ensure a restful stay. From air conditioning to flat-screen TVs, and from private bathrooms equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries to select rooms boasting terraces, the hotel caters to the needs of modern travelers. The provision of bed linen and towels in every room adds a touch of home-like comfort, enhancing the overall guest experience.

The hotel's commitment to convenience is further underscored by its complimentary WiFi service, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. For those arriving or departing by air, the availability of a paid airport shuttle service offers a seamless travel experience. Located just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Budget Retreat Tirana & Studios ensures that guests enjoy a hassle-free journey to and from their flights.

Not to be overlooked, the hotel's proximity to Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and Rinia Park invites guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. Whether it's a leisurely stroll through the park, a deep dive into Albania's past, or a vibrant day out in the square, the hotel's location serves as a gateway to enriching experiences.

In summary, Budget Retreat Tirana & Studios offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana. With its thoughtful amenities and prime location, this hotel promises a memorable stay for all who visit.