---\ntitle: "Buff Hostel Tirana"\ndescription: "Buff Hostel Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139726472.jpg?k=a5ce8c361444d1feca8adde75c11613fb4fb2829f1bf316d8c685341693ff7e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: buff-hostel-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Johan Fon Han, Ndertesa: 4, Hyrja: 1, 1002 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32935859\n  lng: 19.82858261\nprice: "US$9"\npriceFrom: 9\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 698\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139726472.jpg?k=a5ce8c361444d1feca8adde75c11613fb4fb2829f1bf316d8c685341693ff7e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135241751.jpg?k=ed9b5be76dbe443571f40b9cefc176b96fa84b09f4ed8fe8424e8962a894ebbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135242044.jpg?k=d4b976bf831e96939ecc7e23fdca5af8a7203ad3b61b6cfdccfe2fa9559fc09a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142161968.jpg?k=3a73bfdef07d300c9fe9dab813f19800c6e88032b9c6384f0ae84e8b5e3bf0dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137403144.jpg?k=8f49148743fb9ea4e904902ab12c7979cfdb95f910d3f3c1a5f01df6787a2ba2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230005549.jpg?k=30ea0da7fbf5f598f2fda92cce75413a81036ca2bada474f59a4ff740fca6a17&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "smart Pizza 30 m"\n  - "Byrektore 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucas"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Very clean rooms. The most comfortable mattresses I've ever slept on in a hostel. The kitchen is well equipped, and there's a nice common area in which to meet and chat with other guests. Great location too.”"\n  - name: "Binochan"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice rooms and neat and tidy place , people are very friendly 😀”"\n  - name: "Sarahjane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were very friendly, welcoming and accommodating. The beds were very comfy, the room was spacious with storage and plenty of plug sockets. The facilities were clean and easily accessible.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/buff-hostel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Buff Hostel Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Rooms are equipped with shared bathroom facilities, including a hair dryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Select rooms boast city views, offering guests a glimpse into the bustling life of Tirana.

Culinary needs are well catered for, with the hostel offering a choice between an à la carte or American breakfast. For those with specific dietary requirements, special diet menus are available upon request, highlighting the hostel's commitment to accommodating the diverse needs of its guests.

Buff Hostel Tirana is not just a place to stay; it's a hub for adventure and exploration. The area is renowned for cycling, and the hostel facilitates this by offering bike hire services. Moreover, it organizes city tours and excursions to nearby places on weekends, providing guests with ample opportunities to discover the beauty and charm of Tirana and its surroundings.

For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana Airport being just 17 km away ensures a hassle-free journey to and from the accommodation. Buff Hostel Tirana stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and adventure, making it a top recommendation for those looking to explore the heart of Tirana.