---\ntitle: "Bujtina Ajazi"\ndescription: "Bujtina Ajazi emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, offering a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty, just 50 km away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449762052.jpg?k=cc9e75970d208f8262a2d304de8e20095ab172086291e31b78c1c4367496a65d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-ajazi\naddress: "Bulevardi i Palmave, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25233884\n  lng: 19.56545659\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449762052.jpg?k=cc9e75970d208f8262a2d304de8e20095ab172086291e31b78c1c4367496a65d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479296795.jpg?k=5a817a15c2a96ae2869b184d4ac7fab99a9c194d9bff5707847b95817fd7bb10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473628543.jpg?k=64753628b06d1e50480482f5e0fe772c304efab81fc4ba7afb1f274cc45c0176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449762133.jpg?k=74fadc54326524d758aa05535038050c41d1d56011fd34733722439213ad6912&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479296988.jpg?k=48de3a3ad0880e1c127d88d519eb43417187f849fa498107e71359460a38d73d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476116515.jpg?k=4ac382a43da3c46bbbf4e754a0f9e2e178ed181b954f7b0cacd665fa0c668e37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Armando 2.8 km"\n  - "Due Passi 3 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 18 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 99 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katharina"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“very friendly people, amazing location, big and very nice room, excellent dinner and breakfast, amazing view.”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Only positive notes. The context: welcoming. Rooms: finely furnished and equipped with all the comforts (hairdryer, slippers, toothpaste, toothbrushes, etc.). The structure: beautiful, resurrected by an old farmhouse, with a concept between modern...”"\n  - name: "Rybalow"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Friendly, family atmosphere. Smiling staff, skinny to help. Evenings spent on the terrace listening to music are a pleasant ending to the day. The hostel is located on a hill, away from the crowds of tourists, with a beautiful view of the hills....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-ajazi-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bujtina Ajazi are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, and complimentary WiFi. The private bathrooms come equipped with a bidet and bathrobes, adding a touch of luxury to your stay. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

Dining at the guest house is an experience in itself, with a traditional restaurant that welcomes guests for both lunch and dinner. Here, one can savor a variety of European dishes, prepared with a commitment to quality and flavor.

Families will find Bujtina Ajazi particularly appealing, thanks to its child-friendly amenities, including outdoor play equipment. The guest house also offers a picnic area, perfect for those wishing to enjoy a day outdoors surrounded by nature.

Situated 49 km from the House of Leaves and 50 km from Rinia Park, Bujtina Ajazi serves as an ideal base for exploring the region. For travelers flying in, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 44 km away, making Bujtina Ajazi an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors seeking tranquility and relaxation.