---\ntitle: "Bujtina Te Xhako"\ndescription: "Bujtina Te Xhako stands out as a charming retreat in Përmet, offering a harmonious blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363533164.jpg?k=da6caf0c35f1a9622a9c0dc6c980994e497ca0fa083aba989c922da3b599d1a8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-te-xhako\naddress: "Grabovë, 6405 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.28415422\n  lng: 20.23671841\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 79\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363533164.jpg?k=da6caf0c35f1a9622a9c0dc6c980994e497ca0fa083aba989c922da3b599d1a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483699271.jpg?k=9c279a4f5952ca7dcbc5decaf8967a97f002932dae2e3bfb95e0bc9e2f9f5212&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483699327.jpg?k=a493e80f163995ba45cc120942907bdce496c30709adb0a2ecb72f35db5c05ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365827401.jpg?k=66557dff167159b13126ed4d76646e223d4e829abc260f8b04a2d573fce67ba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368171682.jpg?k=23b9e04b0ac0aa9f10c605d968bb0dab9ca07da29396439496b341fd5fb6da20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363244767.jpg?k=a5cb15dc5669be4b2c4ec2507325a0cf6c39393e42d84cbe9d540cc1bc31cdef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Standard Family Room"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Deborah"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The view is stunning, the staff is sweet and very arranging. Food is delicious : you have fresh petulas (the best we had in our trip in Albania) and eggs for breakfast. You can stay for dinner, we tasted the lamb which was amazing (around 20€ for...”"\n  - name: "Habili"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was just fine there! Great food, clean place, great view and great people! If I had to choose from a scale from 1 to 10 to describe how great my experience was, I would give them 100.”"\n  - name: "Camilla"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Very beautiful location, beautiful bathroom, nice bed, wonderful views, great people, cozy patio out side the restaurant. Delicious food and wine traditional and from local products.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-te-xhako-grabove.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bujtina Te Xhako are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a wardrobe, and a flat-screen TV for guests' entertainment. Select rooms also feature a balcony, providing a private outdoor space to enjoy the tranquil surroundings. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen in all units.

Mornings at Bujtina Te Xhako start with a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. 

For travelers venturing from afar, the establishment is conveniently located 103 km from Ioannina Airport, making it an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors.