---\ntitle: "Bujtina Celiku"\ndescription: "Bujtina Celiku emerges as a serene retreat in Burrel, offering guests a unique farm stay experience with the comfort of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383071366.jpg?k=230bc39c8fea60bacd7b9e1562412901d220ce3bebc90b43115c464fea0f5af7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-celiku\naddress: "Rruga Peshkopi-Maqellare, 8007 Burrel, Albania"\ncity: "Burrel"\nlocation: "Burrel"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.57989331\n  lng: 20.08939008\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383071366.jpg?k=230bc39c8fea60bacd7b9e1562412901d220ce3bebc90b43115c464fea0f5af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383071778.jpg?k=b114046bfe7ba6931cf3853b6a63e31301e2739ae0a4cc519ab27e94da809c82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383072004.jpg?k=5794f36e5dcaf7b80eeb08ec77f8e54a7f65f502b44c7f6a427d8f8b57e31e94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387811438.jpg?k=0848658d00e81bddf4e6595195b9c4fa2cb03354aa2a3c9169fef277fa7cfa35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380106668.jpg?k=cc8c342b361a8572b4662265830a0d120d8c9567c4dd49dd52269fb391259719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383072001.jpg?k=99630f9f99d110116747e2bf82eb0ddca1b00c1751a9920ce9cddd5db935124a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Döner Center 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerimi 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 14 km"\n  - "Lure National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 35 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cekici"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“I can say that everything was perfect. I liked the cleanliness of the room where I stayed, I liked the surrounding nature and the organic food they offered me. The staff were also very kind. Undoubtedly, this is another favorite destination of...”"\n  - name: "Carla"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything, the quality of the food, the kindness of the family, their generosity, the comfort and location, their respect for good food, the wine made by the owner, we felt right at home, an authentic experience of Albania and all its beauty”"\n  - name: "Maarten"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“New and clean rooms, very friendly staff, fantastic location to explore the authentic country-side in the burrel region”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-celiku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary private parking and round-the-clock front desk service, ensuring a hassle-free stay for all visitors. Families will find Bujtina Celiku particularly appealing, thanks to its sun terrace, children's playground, and the breathtaking mountain and garden views that can be enjoyed throughout the premises.

Privacy and comfort are paramount at Bujtina Celiku, where each unit is designed with a private entrance and soundproofing. The accommodations are well-appointed, featuring en-suite bathrooms equipped with walk-in showers and bathrobes, alongside the convenience of free WiFi. Select rooms also offer the luxury of a balcony. For entertainment, guests can enjoy a flat-screen TV with streaming services in the comfort of their seating area.

Dining at Bujtina Celiku is an experience in itself, with the family-friendly restaurant serving a variety of meals - from dinner to brunch - all prepared with a focus on local cuisine. The farm stay goes the extra mile to cater to families, offering baby safety gates and even a car rental service to explore the surrounding area.

Located 74 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Bujtina Celiku is not just a place to stay but a destination that promises a memorable escape into nature without sacrificing the conveniences of modern living.