---\ntitle: "Bujtina Ziçi"\ndescription: "Bujtina Ziçi emerges as a serene retreat, offering breathtaking garden views and a cozy stay just a stone's throw away from Theth National Park, approximately 3."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208098336.jpg?k=aed4ea421198e89cfe46eba6068fd6e9b8a984460a8d2898868dafff87b75586&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-zi-i\naddress: "Rruga Logu i Kishes -Denelle 42.387844,19.786375, 4027 Theth, Albania"\ncity: "Theth"\nlocation: "Theth"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.38781922\n  lng: 19.7863092\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 332\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208098336.jpg?k=aed4ea421198e89cfe46eba6068fd6e9b8a984460a8d2898868dafff87b75586&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208068236.jpg?k=4e97990daf1d94208fa37a179404058fce900d8cfc4691fb40ea68bebe0373f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300268055.jpg?k=0c5092a2cb348c0b1728c6c2308617c3aececc01665424f7586376d403362345&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209313800.jpg?k=5268903960e7e4ac4558cc72a4670486007cc08a05322cd265907882cb8cf224&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208070356.jpg?k=cff075d6a602ad65e96d158e9cf1178bb604d738c8543ff58ef7737eac88045c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208068257.jpg?k=ff51fc749f6f1f314d8fbe0336e45278809db199710d02c5de628febbb80f2d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208068243.jpg?k=1a0ac577d8ed544e05d9425914ce1571995fe9878fd8e82b06f1d655f6fb7659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209311998.jpg?k=936f0ad4f60ec8fc2952acb86694a2f2e122af637e2fcf169d975ac9f48c60b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209314231.jpg?k=5f17dbf9ac2af2065d30c027ac72f8399b570dd8c4674b7a32c23a76cb0df0f8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (90 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpella Thethi Garden 400 m"\n  - "'Gurra Family' Guesthouse 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 10 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 13 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 44 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The team was so kind and helpful! We felt welcome right away! Breakfast is outstanding here! Self-made (+ albanian) and the breakfast room is on the highest floor with an almost 360 degree window and a few tables on the balcony > the house is...”"\n  - name: "Shatakshi"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“The place was amazing and the location was perfect!
The people were very welcoming and it had homely atmosphere - Everyone was very friendly and welcoming and the overall atmosphere was lovely. One of the highlights was the food. The room was...”"\n  - name: "Jeremy"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The people were welcoming and the location was perfect. Beautiful facilities and yummy breakfasts.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-zici-theth123.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bujtina Ziçi are thoughtfully designed to cater to families and groups, with select units boasting unique features such as private entrances, dining areas, fireplaces, and even dishwashers for that home-away-from-home feeling. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms equipped with plush bathrobes, and for those seeking a touch more luxury, some rooms offer terraces with mesmerizing mountain views, alongside a dressing room for added convenience.

The property doesn't stop at comfortable lodgings; it invites guests to unwind in its in-house bar or lounge, perfect for relaxing evenings after a day of exploration. For the more adventurous, the guest house is ideally situated for those looking to engage in fishing or simply to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the garden.

Located a mere 90 km from Podgorica Airport, Bujtina Ziçi stands as an accessible haven for travelers seeking both tranquility and adventure in the heart of nature.