---\ntitle: "Bujtina Dini"\ndescription: "Bujtina Dini in Rubik stands out as a serene retreat, boasting breathtaking mountain views and providing guests with a cozy stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463583625.jpg?k=64c25a52af6d6c1b512da0145ce769501c939680ac098916c48748c86db70ef1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-dini\naddress: "Rruga Katund i Vjeter, 4603 Rubik, Albania"\ncity: "Rubik"\nlocation: "Rubik"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.77375612\n  lng: 19.74733992\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463583625.jpg?k=64c25a52af6d6c1b512da0145ce769501c939680ac098916c48748c86db70ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475254449.jpg?k=531be402c5739ee18f898a7d24d28df607fdd03897658dcf581efd04a3441d07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463583668.jpg?k=4974738cd13d1797d969f2638f298cff4d981c564880ca7d4bae97c1b85c80e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475251129.jpg?k=18b71907f8f56f80fbf67ce91a0ad9b0fe46644d363c317b095c722577934733&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463583677.jpg?k=877c73fb55bce6223bca8a599509ccfb5ef30d94bbc0d9358b75e6dd71d5c07c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475251183.jpg?k=33478fd7e6fda33271f7075c23514702375ce06edfaccf54465c8aea40f85f09&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Eco Hotel Marub 1.4 km"\n  - "Restorant Natyra e Qetë 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sofra e Kthelles 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 38 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 76 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alvina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A very sweet place not far from the main road.
Very friendly staff.
The food so yummy 😋 Typical northern cusine.
Quite frankly, the prices are quite affordable and the good thing is that they accept cash money ,so you don't need to pay in...”"\n  - name: "Claus"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The whole staff were very friendly and helpful.
The food was absolutely delicious and the waiters spoke quite good english.
I would deffinitely recommend it.
Comparing the price you pay to what you get in return I would say thats no doubt worth...”"\n  - name: "Arben"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The service was really good. Really helpful people. The location was good with a great view. Definitely recommend it 👌”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-dini-rubik.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina Dini is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and ample storage with a wardrobe. The private bathrooms add a touch of comfort with complimentary toiletries, slippers, and a refreshing shower, making every stay a home away from home experience.

For dining, the guest house doesn't disappoint. Its family-friendly restaurant, coupled with a welcoming bar, offers a perfect setting for guests to unwind after a day of exploration. The terrace provides an idyllic spot for relaxation, allowing guests to soak in the tranquil atmosphere.

Situated a mere 50 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Bujtina Dini presents an accessible escape for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and tranquility of Rubik.