---\ntitle: "Bujtina KOEL"\ndescription: "Bujtina KOEL emerges as a serene retreat in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, a mere 47 km from the tranquil Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525195003.jpg?k=d4ad66b9a81fab8b4e8c6d84fa9fe57b0105613f4a1215222bd7c9f38a19dd69&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-koel\naddress: "3892+QGH Labovë e Sipërme, 6003 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.0694375\n  lng: 20.3013594\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525195003.jpg?k=d4ad66b9a81fab8b4e8c6d84fa9fe57b0105613f4a1215222bd7c9f38a19dd69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525195291.jpg?k=f849581dbc9bf4470b6fb05437a82f41ce4cbfc486f56fd1500f4867015e8f5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525195596.jpg?k=98cd72d9757bcc8033382e419b3c5483f2cd7489b5a4c1884373c633e03cba13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525195826.jpg?k=7081369caaf67b3e2be58fdf69546d5102b50f98a9210a68a7ab131ddc439351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525191004.jpg?k=397e6b69dcd24157295f71cdb94cb8dc75badb35f27d7d81adef5760f45758d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487767135.jpg?k=b145755f2608558411e6e9d4f62ceb261f2a5f9913d6272acbfb519987e10d0d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Comfort Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sedat Ismailati 5 km"\n  - "Lokal Libohova, 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 59 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 93 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sathyavathi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The stay is in a gorgeous mountain surrounding. And the room itself is well-designed and nicely built. We arrived late in the night due to road issues and Thanassi was so kind and accommodating. En route closer to the stay, we could find a...”"\n  - name: "Markus"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The brand-new accomodation is more than astonishing, it will definitely exceed every expectation.
The view over the mountains is stunning, especially at sunset and with a fresh and local wine offered by the host Thanassi.
Throughout our whole...”"\n  - name: "Tomas"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The place is beautiful, new modern building in the mountains with great views. Large rooms with nice bathroom. We had a family room with four beds and still there was lots of space. Everything was clean and we enjoyed the fresh breakfast from...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-koel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Bujtina KOEL are treated to meticulously designed rooms, each equipped with essential amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. The presence of a wardrobe in every room complements the convenience factor, while the private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring guests feel at home. The added benefit of complimentary WiFi in the rooms, with select accommodations offering captivating city views, enhances the stay experience. Entertainment needs are well catered to with flat-screen TVs featuring a variety of satellite channels.

Mornings at Bujtina KOEL begin on a high note with a buffet breakfast, offering a delightful start to the day.

For travelers exploring the region, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 85 km away, makes Bujtina KOEL an ideal choice for both convenience and a memorable stay in Gjirokastër.