---\ntitle: "Bujtina Tusha"\ndescription: "Bujtina Tusha emerges as a charming guest house, located within a historic edifice in the heart of Tirana, merely 30 km away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354289397.jpg?k=ba2d3e69db0a9787106d84b4f8276cc94507aa3f7a8b5a53c3b00b917fbee4ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-tusha\naddress: "Shëngjergj, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32281886\n  lng: 20.07189151\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354289397.jpg?k=ba2d3e69db0a9787106d84b4f8276cc94507aa3f7a8b5a53c3b00b917fbee4ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354289449.jpg?k=031cca867342c8cd922301712a24b34bfee2fe48958ab66039203def279a302d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545588.jpg?k=01840538d6d31d53395ab4a4a1b5fb2174408a896f7018e165776f10b5855e01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398987850.jpg?k=360bfa4e1a95e14437854a2f41bcf7f6c2458cd5557802c60782588339e9eff2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361666865.jpg?k=b28d6ddb8a6f8d7b222e6df600c79b216cd590127f022ff3c50dd8bb94bdac9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357058453.jpg?k=1c3d7774b2c5c6835dcf7125487e157375ddead6fd86909cac383acaf9262d4f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Selimi 150 m"\n  - "Ara Shengjin 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 750 m"\n  - "Mali I Dajtit 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 17 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 18 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 30 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 58 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Seumaidh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The place is run by a family who are very friendly, hospitable and we're quick to respond when I had any requests. The room I was in was a good size with amazing views of of mountains and valley. I liked the breakfast, it was a dairy breakfast all...”"\n  - name: "Callum"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The breakfast was absolutely wonderful. It showed a great range of local food and was plenty to fuel us on our day of hiking. We packaged some of the food up to have at lunch.”"\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Authentic climate, real food. Just keep on mi d you're arriving on the mountain farm with all consequences: the smells od animals etc. But its was really spectacular experience, very much different from hotel! At some pointyl the storm came,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-tusha.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina Tusha is thoughtfully designed, boasting a balcony that overlooks the lush garden, allowing guests to wake up to nature's beauty. The accommodations are well-appointed with modern amenities, including a coffee machine for those morning refreshments. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers, bathrobes, slippers, and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable and pampering experience.

Situated 33 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the guest house serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of Tirana. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 47 km away, making Bujtina Tusha an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.