---\ntitle: "Bujtina Behram"\ndescription: "Bujtina Behram emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Korçë, positioned strategically within close proximity to the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467588605.jpg?k=419166a21d98e2626ba5a249660c52f9bf9e3638d7b79d28275c3449f3a601cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-behram\naddress: "2 Rruga Stefan Andrea, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61812346\n  lng: 20.78475188\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467588605.jpg?k=419166a21d98e2626ba5a249660c52f9bf9e3638d7b79d28275c3449f3a601cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467597957.jpg?k=83af3658367fcbac2572f28773114cbfb2ca1755c51c6b726970f52aabbe4b86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467590190.jpg?k=09756a37ecc2cc392e5f2f340d4470a066bc4f623b0d022f5f6f20cddc9b9b15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467597948.jpg?k=cc9b0c70459eb8eff413e46c5b767484fb00c927c474d2e8ec3fc3428a1ff32f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471505365.jpg?k=27e73c5066701fe0abbc409a73067e7412829d0b630808098e29bc865dd2f36b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467597888.jpg?k=52e3123603092507d6308becb547c3780e06a195a50a57a933f769be391ab04d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Spa Bath"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujtina Liceu 150 m"\n  - "Guest House People 18-99 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 200 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ermal"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location of the hotel just 50 meters from the center. The room is really fancy furnished with wooden furniture.”"\n  - name: "Enis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Bujtina Behram is probably one of the best places in the area. The room was clean and comfortable. People were kind and the vibe is a great reason to come back. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Xhilton"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was of top standard, the decor
throughout was lovely, clean and well maintained.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-behram.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bujtina Behram are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is furnished with a practical desk, while select rooms elevate the experience with enchanting city views. Privacy and convenience are paramount, as evidenced by the inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and the added touch of a hairdryer in every unit. Entertainment needs are not overlooked, with a TV provided in each room for guests' enjoyment.

For travelers flying into the region, Kastoria National Airport serves as the nearest gateway, located 71 km from the hotel, making Bujtina Behram an accessible haven for both domestic and international visitors. This hotel stands out as a prime accommodation choice, blending essential amenities with a touch of luxury for a memorable stay in Korçë.