---\ntitle: "Bujtina Te Kulla"\ndescription: "Bujtina Te Kulla emerges as a serene retreat just a stone's throw away from the breathtaking Theth National Park, located precisely 3."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489564938.jpg?k=9b6ffd60743b85b452b16292da8313104027069ea11078b856a73fe2be6c4550&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-te-kulla\naddress: "Rruga Grunas, 4001 Grumas, Albania"\ncity: "Grumas"\nlocation: "Grumas"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.38560134\n  lng: 19.78255016\nprice: "US$64"\npriceFrom: 64\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489564938.jpg?k=9b6ffd60743b85b452b16292da8313104027069ea11078b856a73fe2be6c4550&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489312749.jpg?k=c40d88071723f42ac343a5bef28063d9d22b039400f3d98ee701eee6eaf7b762&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489314367.jpg?k=8674fd4a5deefee64daed94d0c75c6bef5fa4b95c783f752f0cfdfa591ce77e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489312833.jpg?k=ac8e09ae59299b5d4dbf3c3d87da9ce5896e34d8f8ac430508226241bd8d43e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489312823.jpg?k=1a10e49f159ee555be2f10a6fd3d6837bae3f4413254da4f1dab51008cf66485&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489312816.jpg?k=e5916097faae15bdcda5b42706db3ef92b9962689e9f3f248a2d755b95e98a9c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 20 m"\n  - "'Gurra Family' Guesthouse 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 10 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bella"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“I loved the views from the property, so incredible. Marsela was such a sweetheart super attentive and always asks if you need any help or a coffee. Super clean rooms. The young kids were so cute too they welcomed me in as soon as I got there 🥰...”"\n  - name: "Agnieszka"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The location is perfect, the view is stunning. The manager Marsella was super helpful and translatong any time needed. We definitelly recommend to choose this appartment.”"\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Comfortable room with cozy beds and good private bathroom/shower. Host is very nice and offers coffee and even gave me some raki to try. Two restaurants next door are both very good. Location is good because it’s in the south part of Theth so if...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-te-kulla.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Bujtina Te Kulla are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe for personal belongings. The comfort of guests is further ensured by private bathrooms equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, alongside the benefit of free WiFi throughout the property.

For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Podgorica Airport, located 89 km away, makes Bujtina Te Kulla an accessible haven for both relaxation and exploration. With its family-friendly rooms and the added luxury of a terrace for soaking in the surroundings, this guest house stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience.