---\ntitle: "Bujtina Oxhaku"\ndescription: "Bujtina Oxhaku stands out as a distinguished 4-star haven in Korçë, located a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338492544.jpg?k=2810a544a7d9c9598a34f3877ad085753edf93de00bb6a5f70c7a2a55c01d4bd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-oxhaku\naddress: "Rruga Thoma Huaja Lagja Nr. 1, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61946597\n  lng: 20.78637958\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 532\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338492544.jpg?k=2810a544a7d9c9598a34f3877ad085753edf93de00bb6a5f70c7a2a55c01d4bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338492470.jpg?k=0c9c1e9e3f2fe18e055e97419e82a792f45c37cc5e129c7322df2a1900faa946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338496487.jpg?k=5c8ecd19b6cd5100c0586e672e4d4874c518e46f0218f7b7b7bb3d2e92b9a61d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210331549.jpg?k=6c34fd7f1b6c5450e7ec269e2b03e8bf04b5c644a039369d310dab59230c1f10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344168527.jpg?k=9e64b3edf40a5bf43466793fb3f64a105b0deb0abfad7e4a9018675430c61d65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210331529.jpg?k=686b75115f03cf3592f32e12f7c3c9674491d357aada742ef312c422f3815ddf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (3 Adults)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 95 250 m"\n  - "Marilyn Monroe 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were clean, very comfortable, and the staff was amazing. They went over and beyond to help make our stay enjoyable. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Korca”"\n  - name: "Klementina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was as I wish! The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was cleaned and warm with a great view from the balcony.”"\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A very charming experience with a wonderful and helpful staff. The rooms were quite cozy and clean. Not to mention the great view from the balcony was stunning! I'd recommend choosing Bujtina Oxhaku to everyone who's travelling to Korçë.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-oxhaku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina Oxhaku is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a TV. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers and slippers, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. Select rooms also boast balconies, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax and unwind.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional customer service, with a multilingual staff proficient in Greek, English, and Italian available around the clock at the front desk to assist guests in planning their stay and making the most of their visit to Korçë.

For those interested in exploring the local area, the Monastery Saint Naum is just 43 km away, making for an easy day trip. Additionally, Bujtina Oxhaku is conveniently situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, facilitating stress-free travel arrangements for both domestic and international guests. This hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Korçë.