---\ntitle: "Bujtina Apsus"\ndescription: "Bujtina Apsus emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444428043.jpg?k=358da74ed514ccfe484ca339e28542e63cfa9315a80a704ed0276bc449fc7e21&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-apsus\naddress: "Rruga Antipatrea Lagja deshmoret e kombit, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70368423\n  lng: 19.94375408\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 228\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444428043.jpg?k=358da74ed514ccfe484ca339e28542e63cfa9315a80a704ed0276bc449fc7e21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450445620.jpg?k=7dfd2e615f729cd2f7c7c516bb5f9365695628523571fe51b668522d9a9c6546&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450445379.jpg?k=a5dd3906079f8f9ff79e5427bb740c6242323a910a6e2716aa6c5223441f714f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444428817.jpg?k=251b58e1acbce1e0d0da6cc55a06ce21ad0fde1c6498c7c13bcc2d6f8cb72ba4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450447467.jpg?k=39491d538ba5fb370fed878712f2b97d8fa8e33773a1323fffb852e986db5f59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450447282.jpg?k=89873dfb36c89fccf55d6c057683309ba880c0a673a68a062b96ecc2acbaf204&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Birrara Onufri 0 m"\n  - "Fredi 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Helen"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel! Good location and staff was very kind! Had a lovely stay!”"\n  - name: "Inês"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The location of the hotel is good, and one can park at the hotel. The rooms are spacious, welcoming and nicely decorated. The double beds were comfortable and the breakfast was good too. Good value for money!”"\n  - name: "L"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Very nice rooms with well thought details. Comfortable beds interior is amazing. Shower was very clean so did the room in general. We even had a candle in our room. Perfect view to the bridge and river. On site parking available. We went actually...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-apsus.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina Apsus is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, ensuring that both leisure and business travelers have a space to work or plan their day. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a hairdryer, alongside in-room amenities such as a TV and air conditioning, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort. Select rooms further enhance the stay experience with the addition of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. For added convenience, a fridge is provided in all units, catering to the needs of guests preferring to keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

Located 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Bujtina Apsus presents a compelling option for those visiting Berat, combining essential amenities with thoughtful touches to ensure a memorable stay.