---\ntitle: "Bujtina Xhabakja"\ndescription: "Bujtina Xhabakja emerges as a charming destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and culture in Belsh-Qendra."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330233668.jpg?k=c65294afe514d83493c7625bc3e66449aa0c36d65b48970493f179e072d0b057&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: bujtina-xhabakja\naddress: "Rruga Cezma e Vjeter, 3008 Belsh-Qendra, Albania"\ncity: "Belsh-Qendra"\nlocation: "Belsh-Qendra"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.977128\n  lng: 19.889604\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330233668.jpg?k=c65294afe514d83493c7625bc3e66449aa0c36d65b48970493f179e072d0b057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390633109.jpg?k=c29092f33dc527fc2a131387dee2604857b0f4cff15fa5a523e74ef2ea0245dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327551204.jpg?k=ace161107132aaf5fd4b206905953ab9e9168d0a16280ea2e3fe658537ee8a77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330233670.jpg?k=ed6a090776966cf3717d8e2a35e9571799f79d29435040781da7e236588e0c6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327551212.jpg?k=d456448cf0b6eec8f9714ad844b295262247fe3da412b47f5518d7aa846c4765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330233669.jpg?k=c59cf0a7a257da98250a5344429768cf19872c97e6f88f6c0d290ac52cf29725&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327551153.jpg?k=bd8a340b5fe7cb25af2b1a589f8426f5e6e8c14fe7dc6802e0b68ddc509443d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327551187.jpg?k=0efa941b03b427c40c64c8e9159e626d539f5b535e65f257949b12bb6d4252cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327551141.jpg?k=03be51746597257cec8d784d31c47aff20bacd29038011cc36039e92bed14f2e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Double Room with Lake View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujtina Xhabakja 6 m"\n  - "Fast Food Drini 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 49 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Afrim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location and rooms were lovely. Staff were so helpful and friendly. The beds were the best I have ever slept in at a hotel. The view to wake up to was beautiful”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Big clean and comfortable rooms, excellent service , great food! Best place in Albania !”"\n  - name: "Erika"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great service - we were well taken care of. The room was clean and modernly equipped. Excellent breakfast. This hotel really set the bar very high, which was not exceeded during our trip in Albania.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-xhabakja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Cultural Experience"\nbestCategories: "Cultural Experience"\ncategory: "Cultural Experience"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina Xhabakja is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a restful stay. Guests can expect air-conditioned spaces featuring cozy seating areas, flat-screen TVs with a broad selection of satellite channels, secure safety deposit boxes, and well-appointed private bathrooms complete with bidets, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers. The addition of a fridge in every room adds a touch of home comfort.

Mornings at Bujtina Xhabakja start with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those eager to explore the local landscape, the hotel is ideally located in an area celebrated for its cycling routes. The convenience of bike and car rental services directly from the hotel opens up endless possibilities for adventure.

The hotel staff, proficient in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, stands ready to assist guests around the clock at the front desk, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable stay.

Situated 73 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Bujtina Xhabakja also offers a paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. This hotel not only serves as a gateway to the rich cultural tapestry of the region but also as a serene retreat for those looking to unwind in style.