---\ntitle: "By Best Apartments"\ndescription: "By Best Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the city, just a stone's throw away from Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161762405.jpg?k=2cf1b242091f08db82f8b353e450cd30b017314941456149c7c10b33ff7fc0af&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: by-best-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri Vortek Building, in front of Police Directory, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32372604\n  lng: 19.81298895\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 166\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161762405.jpg?k=2cf1b242091f08db82f8b353e450cd30b017314941456149c7c10b33ff7fc0af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407213099.jpg?k=ad6a15970cec12d730ae8a49299e83c885eeb4479509535da013ac7b13a06346&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361822716.jpg?k=5d2e86674f6e1195853c70faf3ae4c43a813f2bdec705c38240230105a1db9c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331372599.jpg?k=0657f506ce6e4d6eb5913060d7d8d6a05097644b682f966d4f74fb11a5c69f8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/168982761.jpg?k=62d4c1ec7f27ca9533ee28a35db0b50563c561943911b84a0a17945da47a6f52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153393895.jpg?k=10edcb75eea44cb9ea4db88c3743754c294829c48cba705dcd0028d4b9323f17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361822717.jpg?k=84dcb45fefd526924b04e6fc9a88b684dbae4abf29fb19a260afa0bc35a8ece0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161762416.jpg?k=4c59fd8a1b2dc58b832e90f87b4dd30497eda6aa54bfbe79422385084930f25d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331372589.jpg?k=d3050baf321173e3837e0bbbbb3d0a63920ecf3b6aa28542efddf3596dab5827&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tamel 6 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Mon Cheri\\" 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Salvatore"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Excellent position and very clean, located in a new building”"\n  - name: "Rebecca"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was one of the best apartments I have ever stayed in. I absolutely loved it! The furniture is so sweet and girly, the bed is so soft, the kitchen has everything you could possibly need, it was soo quiet all the time and the best thing...”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartments are perfect, clean and in a very central position.
Ejona, a girl from the structure, helped us in everything and was professional and always very kind.
Everything is perfect”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-ne-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering top-notch amenities, including a 24-hour front desk service, ensuring assistance is always at hand, and an elevator for easy access to all floors. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further underscored by the provision of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises, allowing visitors to stay connected with ease.

Each apartment at By Best Apartments is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring a balcony that offers breathtaking mountain views, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle, empowers guests to prepare their meals just the way they like. The private bathroom, outfitted with a walk-in shower and plush bathrobes, adds a layer of luxury to the living space. Moreover, the inclusion of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the property's attention to detail.

For those who prefer the convenience of on-site shopping, a minimarket within the apartment complex caters to everyday needs, adding an extra layer of comfort to the stay.

By Best Apartments is ideally located, offering easy access to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making the property an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in the city.