---\ntitle: "Cactus Apartments"\ndescription: "Cactus Apartments emerges as a modern oasis just a short 300-meter stroll from the vibrant Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499743142.jpg?k=cd4811f7eccd0c21ccc8dca106a52127ccebc5a03405e261efec81b119de3846&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cactus-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Jusuf Myzyri, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.308497\n  lng: 19.490948\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499743142.jpg?k=cd4811f7eccd0c21ccc8dca106a52127ccebc5a03405e261efec81b119de3846&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498900422.jpg?k=13fc7fbb305a7aaa6326fcf00f802ca0b2b425cfc9dfebf864f61dfe38edfd79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498900452.jpg?k=211f583e02a8bd94b54fc2ea38a435ccdfac5332163ac76739aa90adbb2e866e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499742772.jpg?k=3c0d81505dd90aa21a951564092bcf8c55b54f3ab3d727aea19a11191fedde0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498900507.jpg?k=2791618f73c9ef7a0d9a83d823f0db3afddc614e93528e14198b8590d09b5c3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499743151.jpg?k=261fe95a49b6d89ada325ea568502bc8096a5ed9bba34e920bf81084b06da037&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499743159.jpg?k=7846bd741678dd73d4d4496f806d2d0dcd16326de5b5fdb669c955b0f92f190a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499741408.jpg?k=cbe9f57b8f3d7caa5e41b00d86f35e268a57d9a706a16a4fe90fb7deee83bed2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498900492.jpg?k=c73ea57eb4aa87efd4d2b16eba2f1b338675d87ea10d4c9674b9996fd1bb2347&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Caffe Pascucci 100 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Pelikan 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sergey"\n    country: "Belarus"\n    text: "“good room, comfortable, clean. near the beach and many cafes. good internet!”"\n  - name: "Xhoni"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“It was very clean , very comfortable and the decoration was excellent. Whatever i wanted i had it there .
The owner was so kind.I enjoyed it very much. Definitely the best choice in the town.”"\n  - name: "Iryna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Дуже сподобався інтерʼєр, новий ремонт, стильне оформлення, пальма у вікні ))) поряд пекарня, до пляжу 5 хвилин, інфраструктура, все чудово! Рекомендую однозначно і сама сподіваюсь повернутися )))”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cactus-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nLocated strategically, the aparthotel is a mere 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and an adventurous 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the rich tapestry of Albania's culture and natural beauty. The ancient Durres Amphitheatre, just 6.5 km away, offers a glimpse into the past, while the House of Leaves, 38 km from the property, invites guests into the intriguing world of espionage.

Each unit within Cactus Apartments is thoughtfully furnished, featuring a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The presence of heating facilities ensures a cozy stay regardless of the season.

For those who cherish the autonomy of preparing their own meals, the aparthotel is equipped with kitchen facilities that include a fridge, kettle, and stovetop, allowing guests to enjoy home-cooked food even while on holiday.

Not far from the property, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at 6 km, offering a natural escape, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 39 km away, provides a historical excursion. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located just 33 km from Cactus Apartments, facilitating easy travel arrangements for guests. This property stands as a testament to the perfect blend of historical exploration and modern comfort, making it a compelling choice for travelers to Durrës.