---\ntitle: "CALM Blue Sea"\ndescription: "CALM Blue Sea emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480669551.jpg?k=10b65ff578943e9d465a37d14723690614b26f15761a58880e3c1d2712e39940&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: calm-blue-sea\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30550857\n  lng: 19.49027402\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480669551.jpg?k=10b65ff578943e9d465a37d14723690614b26f15761a58880e3c1d2712e39940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482643666.jpg?k=b51c5581ad2ac4d5e56d329ede0b4069df3359cc838f4c9d19ba6aaa3f3d22ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492640535.jpg?k=2dfee4474bd401782f9cbbd844c2418c2ddb304c48934687dcd32b9243fd55b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450416212.jpg?k=8caacb7f715673e81823c1bb0f8413fec4dabd45d1346283c50c3262c02c36c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480669610.jpg?k=80bd6cea4245846907a6cb77114338c4fa9892b87a25880d4961937216f38863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480669721.jpg?k=40c7cb31ae54573e91d0b9920317421cae56560f5e35811614cec5a3461e1d5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480669835.jpg?k=38d9a8c3e20f1bcb1ac877991640e342431ca900786659f8d8f02f20c23fcbd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404968517.jpg?k=4270c7c5ad3d4feb8194582381e7d1041680c122d6f4bcb74a85ecb17b7d941c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482064975.jpg?k=6bbfb215e88a740d8c50de64a943991f573c6ed814ebc359b212fa2087258f2b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera 20 m"\n  - "Beach bar Germany Hotel 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The owner was very kind and very very helpful. The appartment was really clean, most of the equipment was new, including the mattress, washing machine, etc. There was also a big fridge and freezer, and a lot of space and comfort. The beach is a...”"\n  - name: "Zane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice place right next to the beach, an hour walk or 10 minute bus away from the town centre. Very good price would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Hannah"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“the house met the requirements of our family, the beach was very close, in the neighborhood were all the services we needed”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-apartment-durres123456789.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with a fridge and stovetop. Convenience is further amplified with the inclusion of a washing machine and a bathroom complete with a bidet. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home, while the private entrance and soundproofing ensure a secluded and peaceful stay.

For those who enjoy the convenience of on-site amenities, the property does not disappoint. An ATM, a minimarket, and currency exchange services are readily available, catering to all immediate needs. Additionally, guests can unwind at the on-site bar, which promises relaxing evenings with a drink in hand.

Located just a few steps from the enchanting Durres Beach, CALM Blue Sea offers an unparalleled location for beach lovers. Meanwhile, the cultural heart of the region, Skanderbeg Square, is only 39 km away, making it an easy day trip for those looking to explore the local heritage. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 33 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

In summary, CALM Blue Sea presents a compelling package for those in search of a beachfront haven that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of on-site conveniences and an unbeatable location.