---\ntitle: "cancel"\ndescription: "Cancel Apartment in Tirana presents a refreshing retreat for travelers seeking the comfort of modern amenities blended with the charm of local culture."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490744763.jpg?k=6f225423b3cc7754e4a71ba42c0592fdcdf5da1fc6ff735fbcf8146d504f9f0f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cancel\naddress: "Rruga Kasem Shima 6 floor Ap.24, 3001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34169375\n  lng: 19.76539015\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490744763.jpg?k=6f225423b3cc7754e4a71ba42c0592fdcdf5da1fc6ff735fbcf8146d504f9f0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523319973.jpg?k=14fe19b0d6a38a2193affe47db2b8ed175ed360b7833024ae60a860fc487ad59&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New King House 600 m"\n  - "Edisem 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 7 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/edeni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting a balcony that offers serene river views—a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. Designed to accommodate both short and long stays, the apartment features a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances, including an oven and a toaster, ensuring guests have everything they need to feel at home. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of convenience and luxury.

Upon entering through the private entrance, guests are greeted with thoughtful touches such as complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies, setting the tone for a welcoming stay. The view of the garden further enhances the tranquil atmosphere of the apartment.

For those looking to venture beyond the comforts of Cancel Apartment, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits 10 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within reach, located just 7.4 km from the property. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 11 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

With both free WiFi and on-site parking available at no extra charge, guests at Cancel Apartment enjoy the ease of connectivity and mobility. This property stands out as a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Cancel Apartment is more than just a place to stay—it's a gateway to the rich culture and beauty of Tirana, offering comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury to travelers from around the globe.