---\ntitle: "Cane Apartment New Bazaar"\ndescription: "Cane Apartment New Bazaar emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523499547.jpg?k=5ce87b04070119520acddf892c6232154d3d7c390b31cf7368b24d41c7e18757&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cane-apartment-new-bazaar\naddress: "Rruga Musa Maci apartment 8 / floor 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33207992\n  lng: 19.82565018\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523499547.jpg?k=5ce87b04070119520acddf892c6232154d3d7c390b31cf7368b24d41c7e18757&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523499373.jpg?k=944674f5c552a07c1d55b60b9b229734d8c23479203e2dd8a10297f6686cdce7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523499184.jpg?k=214066c09ad316267df92f839ef95bf1bd56a96487a19d053a643ae842f93087&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523499167.jpg?k=226019fe37e9cc26ad9a9f95058dcd3329705058a7fae617346cbb9c7d586ba2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492623167.jpg?k=e5de22f8431c947e159c5462c890c23ed70c320f166223ed98ae68058c2a9306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492623176.jpg?k=b992e432fdb5d209a14893b0cf92a4af4b062822fc58fb53a683a69c25d3f89a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492623173.jpg?k=0c4b1c130d94d6e1d899f259e3b5a4b4bdd1a8074ad4fb5212937123476d6613&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492623158.jpg?k=9da0fb29d277997b78da84427bfcb450b6188dc80736dc7ebac169e60e8c0edd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492623168.jpg?k=adbd575eaffd46f58590fef8bc9fd047cb66c02d0dd2a5a4724bd38825d6a19b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (39 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vinoteke 100 m"\n  - "Vila Lasku 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Beatrice"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment, the host was kind, self check-in, I totally recommend”"\n  - name: "Ján"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Beautiful, spacious apartman equipped with everithing we need and much more. The host is very kind and helpful. We really enjoyed our stay here, felt like home. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice, HUGE and clean apartment close to the city center (main square) and bus station to/from airport
Host is super nice and helpful. Possible to pay by card (which is unfortunately not Albanian standard).
Super affordable pricing!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cane-apartments-2-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment boasts a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their morning coffee or evening relaxation in privacy. Free WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures without hassle. Accessibility is also thoughtfully considered, with a lift available for those who require it. The commitment to a non-smoking environment underscores the property's dedication to providing a comfortable and healthy stay.

The interior of Cane Apartment New Bazaar is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, making it an ideal choice for families or groups. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. A fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, while a washing machine adds an extra layer of convenience for longer stays. The bathroom is modern and includes a shower, with towels and bed linen readily available, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is within easy reach of notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. Its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, makes Cane Apartment New Bazaar an excellent choice for both international visitors and those on domestic travels.

In summary, Cane Apartment New Bazaar stands out as a stellar accommodation option that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel in Tirana. Its strategic location, coupled with thoughtful amenities, makes it a compelling choice for discerning travelers.