---\ntitle: "Cane Apartment Emerald"\ndescription: "Cane Apartment Emerald emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523137155.jpg?k=a10ba5aacfd7c3417dc5d32c83ca2562b350d03144aae2448f724b675b9819ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cane-apartment-emerald\naddress: "Rruga 5 Maji, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.341326\n  lng: 19.8267947\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523137155.jpg?k=a10ba5aacfd7c3417dc5d32c83ca2562b350d03144aae2448f724b675b9819ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523140162.jpg?k=506bda98729efdca3f623574d5ac7f6116c2379dbbb175ef15aaf9f8a6e81fa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497077694.jpg?k=752875063c5ea805d7d9dcb8d8e5c16359b8fad817de5aa64b53a9cf530269a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497077804.jpg?k=c77558a131996667ec82c68558100e789c0cd471f859beb097280ae33b6a12f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523137210.jpg?k=91f052dc41099195d97c41fe021b4f90024c13955037377b9186589770a043b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497077842.jpg?k=d3748586a6ff8c3291299471a03fe0fac01f79da27497e0520ff6c7457698654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523136835.jpg?k=e8cdf8c4ab8e3b788291a4173e6c5aa7cfad50952f1be3e74b55479ef795d9fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495591905.jpg?k=4b270f27a42a3ed46b68a6b0d33ef31dcb5320b0acebe4fe89d3ebe38a4aca9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497077873.jpg?k=2e95deaacecd3f9173e8a36d9bffe505359d1bd0e4f1cda7c1812712f7b3c621&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (45 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Gemelle 100 m"\n  - "Bar Fast-Food Pizza Taiba 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Enkeled"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We loved everything about the apartment, from the contemporary design to the thought and effort put into making sure we had all the necesaties for our stay, from pans and cutlery to toiletries. Furniture was not only asthetically pleasing but...”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“the best stay I've had in Tirana. everything was super new, very clean, the balcony was spacious. Apartment had everything you could need during your stay. a very big plus is that it is located above a shopping center, the supermarket was there...”"\n  - name: "Silvana"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovo con tutti i comfort.Vicino al centro di Tirana.Staf molto disponibile.Mi sono sentita come a casa..Lo consiglio vivamente.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cane-apartment-5.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a bathroom, and a balcony boasting impressive city views. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen, towels, and a fully equipped kitchen, catering to all the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures guests have entertainment at their fingertips, while the soundproofing guarantees a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of private parking on-site is a significant plus, alongside complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected throughout their stay. Additional amenities such as a lift and bicycle parking underscore the property's commitment to guest comfort and accessibility.

Cane Apartment Emerald is not just about the amenities; its location is a gateway to exploring Tirana's cultural heart. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre are all within proximity, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and retail therapy.

For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a brief 14 km journey away, making Cane Apartment Emerald a convenient and desirable choice for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana.