---\ntitle: "Capital Suites Center"\ndescription: "Capital Suites Center elevates the guest experience to star status with its impeccable 5-star accommodations in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479736122.jpg?k=075fc899a007027b7d67892260d79fe1fe0f6cf8a690b9021b91a075026dc976&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: capital-suites-center\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës Pallati i Raiffeisen Bank,Kati 2 ,Kavaja St,Tirana 1001, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32833991\n  lng: 19.81458957\nprice: "US$77"\npriceFrom: 77\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 122\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479736122.jpg?k=075fc899a007027b7d67892260d79fe1fe0f6cf8a690b9021b91a075026dc976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479455896.jpg?k=b27068c6f786f4323b20af067231afea4a0fdf604de03fa0756232c9d61f222a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518151367.jpg?k=e8df20c214cf7a4257a59d4e1bab70eb8ff5146638426991c5418e155b98e3ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479455884.jpg?k=7a57296de36aab2380e020d7141cc0a077a6bc9c1590e2b9ead29677f034f7b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479455848.jpg?k=952d71604bc849fa316f84074711352e7bc7085f990cc61487a80ff56ba01f63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518151369.jpg?k=0a946d10971e7e7b4f55b685bc493ee8396dedcab64cc7edaf785d51353c5d7c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Queen Suite"\n  - "Superior King Suite"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Helios 40 m"\n  - "Chicos 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Malinka"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The owner is a really nice men who you can ask everything that was amazing. The bed and tub are also amazing.”"\n  - name: "Ana-maria"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The rooms were incredibly clean and comfortable. Genuinely felt like a home away from home. The owner was very nice and helpful. The place is minutes away from the main square and very easy to get to and from the bus that takes you to the airport....”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was great. It was a 2-3 minute walk away from the Central plaza.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/capital-suites-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Capital Suites Center are treated to an array of top-notch amenities. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a balcony offering panoramic city views further enhances the living experience, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident in the multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk, ready to assist with valuable local insights. Whether it's navigating Tirana's vibrant streets or seeking out the city's hidden gems, guests can count on expert advice.

For those drawn to the city's historical and cultural landmarks, Capital Suites Center is ideally situated. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are all within easy reach, inviting guests to explore at their leisure. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, the hotel serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

Capital Suites Center is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring Tirana in unparalleled comfort and style.