---\ntitle: "Casa Gaçe Hotel"\ndescription: "Since its doors opened in 2016, Casa Gaçe has quickly become a sought-after retreat in the scenic Morava Mountain area of Korçë, merely 2 km from the bustling town center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84796104.jpg?k=5d5ac278bbb2b6a4c43eeb504fef81d99d3ecae532d05f3dca871df7659bc814&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: casa-ga-e-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Çlirimi i Korçës, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61693755\n  lng: 20.80324749\nprice: "US$156"\npriceFrom: 156\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84796104.jpg?k=5d5ac278bbb2b6a4c43eeb504fef81d99d3ecae532d05f3dca871df7659bc814&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84386957.jpg?k=f40e5be61510a98721841ae556d2b3cf9a03d8d295f136c7dccbb03db530f878&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84795144.jpg?k=82e0654c2440fefd65063e0cd78767bcee14514ece5f32a45e988e8e46e3d275&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84265296.jpg?k=4120372166774d57b90f646df42381433b2cba73689d4f7c8a19b8e2513be826&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105961717.jpg?k=6a98de5f9c5f462c54fcccbe3299453d5bfab4355ef6172c0e17b3ff7f8263f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/168775001.jpg?k=e3e00ed3fabba0a171bf3774f8123420f879f9099aae0375c35d935241cb6a56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casa Gace 40 m"\n  - "Vila Mema 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1.7 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 1.7 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 1.8 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 2.2 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 43 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 94 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilze"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Location.
Best breakfest omlete in Albania.
Kids was in love with albanian donuts.”"\n  - name: "Susanne"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel close to the city but at a very quite place.”"\n  - name: "Isabelle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We had such a great stay at Casa Gace. The very best staff we have had on our trip to Albania. Even when we had a flat tire, the owner asked one of her staff to help us change it and then drive to town to get it fixed. They have a great restaurant...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/casa-gace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Casa Gaçe do not disappoint, with each room and suite boasting air conditioning, satellite TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a comfortable and connected stay. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a private bathroom equipped with a shower in every unit, along with thoughtful extras such as free toiletries and a hair dryer, enhancing the overall guest experience.

Mornings at Casa Gaçe start on a high note with a traditional breakfast, meticulously prepared and served in the property's restaurant, setting the tone for the day ahead. Additionally, the convenience of free private parking adds to the seamless experience, making Casa Gaçe a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, culture, and culinary excellence in Korçë.