---\ntitle: "Casa Noste Apartments"\ndescription: "Casa Noste Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965393.jpg?k=51024fab0834ab3d437845affa711ad299468acbf5458ad3ae1bddfe20cc529d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: casa-noste-apartments\naddress: "3rd Km Sarande- Butrint, Lagja 1,Vlora County, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85371765\n  lng: 20.0267778\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 184\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965393.jpg?k=51024fab0834ab3d437845affa711ad299468acbf5458ad3ae1bddfe20cc529d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965797.jpg?k=b717ba22d249ad3eb0e09ff6b61d835fcba75ca1247cff03254525803a98cc3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965514.jpg?k=1832344c052084b05662dd1f8a6b1fc2f204898f3a0b4966b9c5c4fb52437127&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965234.jpg?k=de7cd22e8e6da50a8f7935a38a26036c79e5936c79d9ec488697845339eb4456&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965372.jpg?k=503774ed108e489585095ab705456f9e9ead3e898805c49accf61ba1023d0940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965745.jpg?k=616a85a1b92d3d6cd151307c3e2dded0087ed92c8bb8c8380937a3aaf2022c4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965430.jpg?k=38e4e3a999259560ce815cc3c62eccc57a7d7dc082bddc0f720ae8dadf6f3bb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321965180.jpg?k=189c9dc68f9ebc1a7bdbfa09f721b748163712a300543f10c777a84cf1a0e33f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321966632.jpg?k=c694078d92fe1992c44a149df5a61a520b02b382b76f287fad3c34e20caad296&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 400 m"\n  - "Shpella 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 450 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 600 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 750 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 800 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 350 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 600 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Noël"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Amazing apartment and one of the friendliest hosts we met in Albania. Wish we stayed longer than one night.”"\n  - name: "Joe"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really beautiful property, and Vaggelis is so incredibly kind and helpful. It really made our trip 10/10.
Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Jean-michel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hospitality, Vaggelis, our host was great! The apartment was spotless.
The beds are comfortable.
It's off the beaten track, but it's easy to find.
Vaggelis communication prior to our arrivals was great.
He sent us a detailed guide and a link...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/casanoste-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Casa Noste is meticulously designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a cozy seating area for relaxation. The full kitchen, equipped with an oven and a fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The privacy and comfort extend into the bathrooms, where a refreshing shower and a hairdryer are standard.

Situated merely 700 meters from the beach, the location of Casa Noste Apartments offers an ideal blend of tranquility and accessibility to the sea. For those intrigued by history and nature, the Butrint National Park, located 13 km away, presents an opportunity for exploration and adventure.

Travelers considering a visit to the nearby Corfu will find Casa Noste Apartments conveniently located 38 km from Corfu Airport, with ferry services available for easy access. Additionally, the provision of free parking adds to the hassle-free experience at this distinguished property.

Casa Noste Apartments stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in Sarandë.