---\ntitle: "Casa Mia - Modern Apartment near the city center"\ndescription: "Casa Mia - Modern Apartment stands out as a serene haven, conveniently located just a short stroll from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711608.jpg?k=efbe2978667dcff05832dd20dcf42ebb5b2ac54103a3bd39403b49838f627236&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: casa-mia-modern-apartment-near-the-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri Apartment 1, floor 4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3244641\n  lng: 19.81147942\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 48\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711608.jpg?k=efbe2978667dcff05832dd20dcf42ebb5b2ac54103a3bd39403b49838f627236&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361708630.jpg?k=f443f80f2a0eb00b86adda5e24e8900c53b1d4c40ad386d5817bd6c20bfebae8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711402.jpg?k=470bad66e2e1b89b44d37f0a00fcfd172fd938ffe0bf17c0b8bd973f80ba130e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361709775.jpg?k=f8cf59608ffa22453dc52e4a6e0ad51ef0eb15cd67fc3c05347f80dee780ecfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711877.jpg?k=7e97ef2aa2fbfaa2b2c15867490982110a90b01052dde2da33e45d5ac5532e8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425119455.jpg?k=5e2ddd8815607bbb2127a133a00001a72caa672644be79214927abac20d62308&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361713476.jpg?k=9a667fb83988d832e36bd5666858fd9628bd574c729720a2dd393eb81c0e5c42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711360.jpg?k=eee02bb0953e885058ead19980058993a7a361d79873dd86d2a94fbe542a9f23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361711702.jpg?k=d023961b4984497bd3d81b45d634bd2673f69194ab6f2650ab48e2b3d5c6901e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fishland 30 m"\n  - "East End West Come and Taste 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ivana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location, in the heart of the city, great surroundings nearby a very popular street. Apartament has a lot of amenities and it feels like home.”"\n  - name: "Pearson"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Looked just like photos, with all the amenities you may need. The host was very helpful, highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Tufina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was my second time there and I am totally in love with this place. The apartment is beautifully furnished with particular attention to all the details for the best comfort. I would highly recommend it and I will definitely book with Egli again....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-apartment-near-the-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nDesigned with the discerning traveler in mind, the apartment features a spacious bedroom complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a washing machine adds a layer of convenience for longer stays. The bathroom does not disappoint, boasting a walk-in shower for a refreshing start or end to the day. Comfort is further enhanced by air conditioning, a bidet, and a dressing room, with the added benefit of soundproofing and a private entrance for ultimate privacy.

For those looking to explore the area, Casa Mia is ideally positioned. Not only is it a mere stone's throw from cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, but it also offers easy access to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 5.7 km away, for those seeking adventure. Additionally, the convenience of a car rental service directly from the apartment opens up endless possibilities for exploration.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Casa Mia - Modern Apartment near the city center is not just an accommodation choice but a gateway to experiencing the heart of Tirana, making it an ideal selection for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience.