---\ntitle: "CASA INTERA la paghi come una camera THE HOME with the price of a room"\ndescription: "CASA INTERA la paghi come una camera THE HOME offers a unique proposition for travelers seeking the comfort and space of an apartment with the affordability of a single room."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471863878.jpg?k=60c462f8403b5f3846b25dd9e13356c2dff3ed40df9c71ac267da6cbcb36430c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: casa-intera-la-paghi-come-una-camera-the-home-with-the-price-of-a-room\naddress: "Rruga Aleksander Goga, 2016 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33410077\n  lng: 19.44561955\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471863878.jpg?k=60c462f8403b5f3846b25dd9e13356c2dff3ed40df9c71ac267da6cbcb36430c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481340945.jpg?k=e331091e4fd2db3d15a2c63b7d28cd214394eacdc2e8556b68b12910b517a057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470877005.jpg?k=7ef0373c77ca8928f60321f2c1125b0ecbc51fb3f23f6b55a24b2acc079737a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481340933.jpg?k=2e566d45611ae6fe06ac5ac4403ab19128941444c13b00eeff45f00826276b66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478514129.jpg?k=5db477cc2bc7faff53721f0a0c9246576ae44927e84b62df9eb72ea713ced21d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470877004.jpg?k=6b6ccf499b0617da55f39f1b300f958920ea2e9fb25518bcede989c048cac978&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471836795.jpg?k=84ca80dcc8378d6d85742c2ed749df3f8d116dfe2c879b4ee96226da0d7d5904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470919235.jpg?k=b140a1228aeb06fe4c4f824890809f4b7082e0bf88e4225e1f1d7609eed38cda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470877003.jpg?k=e1fa6690ddfd1100ac1c10a145716470db7ed95c64eaf3c425f93c6e9183f76d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Luna 150 m"\n  - "Sport Bar Bilardo 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.5 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrej"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Apartment was clean. Communication with the owner was prompt. There was an option to decide the time for check in and check out. Kitchen equipment sufficient. Spacious rooms. Shop was near to accomodation.”"\n  - name: "Ponchon"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Très grand logement à prix très attractif. La literie est confortable. La personne qui nous a accueillie a été très charmante. Super boulangerie juste en bas”"\n  - name: "Valeriobologna"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento fantastico, grande, ordinato, funzionale, pulitissimo, con parcheggio davanti a casa, loro parlano perfettamente italiano e la mattina ci hanno raccolto dei fichi freschi dal loro albero per la colazione, hanno avuto tantissima...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-privato.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of comfort with the apartment's array of amenities, including complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, all without additional charges. The establishment prides itself on personalized service, offering luggage storage, private check-in and check-out, and even currency exchange services to ensure a hassle-free stay.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting two bedrooms and a living area that opens up to a terrace with serene garden views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals at their leisure. The living space is complemented by a flat-screen TV, and the convenience of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet adds to the comfort. From the balcony, adorned with outdoor furniture, visitors can enjoy panoramic views of the city, making it a perfect spot for relaxation.

For those needing essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' immediate needs.

Situated a mere 12 km from the Rock of Kavaje and 40 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, CASA INTERA la paghi come una camera THE HOME positions itself as a gateway to exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the area. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 34 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze for international travelers.

This accommodation is an ideal choice for those seeking the privacy and space of an apartment with the economic efficiency of a room, promising a stay that combines convenience, comfort, and value.