---\ntitle: "Castle Konti"\ndescription: "Castle Konti emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/229866560.jpg?k=ea7f40657a5ec085f2ed53e62e9a952afab2b8a2ee5ed3203b2f40c2ca5b91e5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: castle-konti\naddress: "Rruga arban, 1041 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29648203\n  lng: 19.73588903\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 620\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 7.2\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/229866560.jpg?k=ea7f40657a5ec085f2ed53e62e9a952afab2b8a2ee5ed3203b2f40c2ca5b91e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230934418.jpg?k=f21b5bf3728dd7d5f9d6f36d8d6f24275ef3abb3cd47a3fa3a98b32bd778a9e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230933441.jpg?k=c1f16188eaf7920d1a777a4768d141e943ce3908d35201baa06d0704a30ad526&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/229866561.jpg?k=d01122a4324c2e24e3ceeaa2c167bf1b3a0702e2caa252b2f61460df9b613717&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230933492.jpg?k=17376315ea7dcc240461c7fbb97e098b3c525dc239379bccddf5a3abd30a0fce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230949578.jpg?k=29cb5b88932c61f6db88327ac257fbffb81d52036151e4d91241a58bb893fde5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230934457.jpg?k=fa083d0feb2a6e51cd6fe29dbfc9de5fcca470a8a87fb4eba32a77ebb4abb7d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230933431.jpg?k=76973f921c309b3ea06ce055ff815a79d75ed7f252c938b4a0ed8958d5a56f33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230933412.jpg?k=f174227cb2d3244b25fe6ee0bab90969d54f537d091110561a97a12beaa15e4b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Triple Room"\n  - "Premium Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 12 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Trendelina 350 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Adina 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 85 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Riaz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The breakfast was nice, and the service was good also. I really liked the decorations of the place”"\n  - name: "Ignas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“First of all, the staff were amazing! Guys couldn't do more, really helped from the day we walked in to hotel to the last minute. Very friendly, have advice on what to do in Tirana, spoken about the Albanian life and culture, helped with the...”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We did not have any problems with the location since we had been travelling by car. The castel is stunningly beautiful and the staff was amiable. Even though we arrived late at night there was a person that showed us the rooms. I think it is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/castle-konti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering impeccable services, including a 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfers, attentive room service, and complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Each morning, guests are greeted with a continental breakfast, setting a delightful tone for the day ahead.

For those who appreciate the sun's warmth, Castle Konti's sun terrace offers the perfect spot for relaxation and leisure. The hotel's location is strategically positioned, with Skanderbeg Square located 8.7 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history. For adventure seekers, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is 13 km from the hotel, providing an opportunity for an exhilarating ride with scenic views. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 18 km away, making Castle Konti an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers looking for a memorable stay in Tirana.