---\ntitle: "Cava Apartments"\ndescription: "Cava Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location offering stunning sea views and immediate access to Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145119990.jpg?k=e52945457ebadf8310ec0a8e11687d9f699863ef19a376c532499f5ac18f0440&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cava-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frashëri building nr 1 , floor 6, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87211427\n  lng: 20.01379453\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 94\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145119990.jpg?k=e52945457ebadf8310ec0a8e11687d9f699863ef19a376c532499f5ac18f0440&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201045518.jpg?k=0123a30074708591605e1bb5879a33f90a2ee1c56479ffc912a98a288290d67d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352999574.jpg?k=a188e38d9da9c61f18052b92c9c876620f0887b637b2beeb118386473ce118ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201052834.jpg?k=dbb37226be95cd27035a44de8b3490064872bc73d95deaa03d272f166739efe3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201035581.jpg?k=193c54905c971ef707dadd87c1ad01e343240a4c51e31d9bc15d78f0360cd707&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451049955.jpg?k=1044a502aed56df78f07130934b9574c6ae4bdd5cf77b8b72359909001cdced4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201052918.jpg?k=2c769064fc857bd258034ffd574d50382645a6234fca81dd6e80c8a4ffc5a053&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201052922.jpg?k=bd580a6436d473b0a4ab28efb0337b013e7052774e8222c22d1a338695ea78a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451050719.jpg?k=f62a7ed012153ed645793a32904b694fef3d39f67e31555ce56d55de0f1f31b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451050485.jpg?k=3a181e8c308e3e56ba8af81a5b04b7cf2e7edde69c8c61953c4718a708552d23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451050240.jpg?k=88556e175454f61655a80af5b9abaa850d66c727e4ce4ba6b0363ce315e24207&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451048461.jpg?k=01c768dd0e8a413e20782ffc7f57ff7f1d72e7bfe62a9470bb508a000e7ba852&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Italian Mattarello 7 m"\n  - "Moma Cafè 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 10 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Muamet"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Highly recommend Cava apartments!! I would say it is the best location in Sarande. The view from the balcony is spectacular. It has ocean front view of the sea, view of the downtown Sarande, view of the hilltops all from both balconys. The hosts...”"\n  - name: "Stojkovski"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The two rooms and balcony were just fine. In terms of facilities, everything was Ok. There was a paid parking lot for the car in the basement area (4 euros) . The view from the wide balcony was of the sea and was excellent. There was always hot...”"\n  - name: "Gzegoz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We were 5 people and apartment was bigger what we need 😀. Helpful receptionist and cleaner 👌 see view from every room. Huge terrace! Music from outside you will hear till 12.30 am. So if you font like partys or even few drinks on the terrace will...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cava-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Cava Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that boast balconies or terraces to soak in the breathtaking surroundings. Each apartment is a self-contained haven, equipped with a fully stocked kitchen, a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and the convenience of a washing machine. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which are fitted with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable stay. For those who appreciate a view, select units offer mesmerizing mountain vistas, enhancing the experience with natural beauty.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Cava Apartments ensures a seamless stay with amenities such as private parking, complimentary WiFi, and the assurance of full-day security. The presence of a lift and currency exchange services on-site adds to the convenience, making it a hassle-free choice for international guests.

Leisure options abound, with an inviting bar on the premises and a minimarket for quick essentials. For adventurers eager to explore, the apartment complex facilitates sightseeing tours, along with bicycle and car rental services, opening up a world of exploration in the surrounding area. 

Notably, Cava Apartments serves as a gateway to the region's natural and cultural treasures, lying in close proximity to the enchanting Butrint National Park, a mere 16 km journey into history and nature.

For travelers arriving from afar, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 96 km away, making Cava Apartments an accessible retreat for both domestic and international visitors seeking a serene escape by the sea.