---\ntitle: "Cavo Paradise"\ndescription: "Cavo Paradise emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350871.jpg?k=90bfff12bbca1fe268167fb3e4b2add0f1055fabd75183273ecd6c0539cb9ca7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cavo-paradise\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86078542\n  lng: 20.01913907\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350871.jpg?k=90bfff12bbca1fe268167fb3e4b2add0f1055fabd75183273ecd6c0539cb9ca7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350901.jpg?k=6b09909076546b7aba0d0fb02db1943f642209125075af63342cba99e428bf2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350888.jpg?k=8ee4b9fbdd41be6ea4e321923a8a4f3cfd29bbdba62f0b13bc1134490a4b32f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350883.jpg?k=60f4ddeb6ae781d9924267154290be18058990d82bcb87fd2e4a8b1046c3cf5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350877.jpg?k=3605b686d5bf47ed9deb3ac3c90d5b592553e58663ee1afd7c0d4b3d355deb7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350910.jpg?k=bab8f4e2ddfb65e4eeeaf4da3fdbcfd31a19a452497017641ed3cb78f553617f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350900.jpg?k=c4e73e6214dac64d52938c99405c48a70c8fd38dbca6b75c6ab4c99081ea1998&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46350887.jpg?k=cea1564505855c2826a0b12f7e62ddf0514a0f224a72a5e34f24c0ae71a20771&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137484573.jpg?k=215eb2c26ec59c86f59eda7126d77a74be450e52402892d31cdc5d85eea0d7af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Asi Rooftop Resto Lounge 6 m"\n  - "Sarandina 9 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 650 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Madeline"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The host was wonderful, she offered to pick us up from the ferry and had lots of great tips and recommendations for local restaurants and bars. Apartment had everything, much bigger than the photos! Washing machine and kitchen were great, huge...”"\n  - name: "Erta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was really comfy. The sea view made it even more perfect. The host was really nice and helped us find a parking spot.”"\n  - name: "Sead"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartman je zaista predivan . Divan pogled na Krf ,grad i divan pogled na zalazak sunca. Apartman poseduje bukvalno sve . Lokacija je izvanredna , veoma blizu apartmana su restorani ,manjacnica,plaze , plaza koja je odmah ispod objekta je divna...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cavo-paradise.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom, and an array of modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and an outdoor dining area where guests can savor their meals against the backdrop of captivating city views adds an extra layer of comfort to the stay. Moreover, the soundproofing and private entrance underscore a commitment to privacy and tranquility.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Cavo Paradise positions itself as a hub for adventure and exploration. The vicinity is renowned for its diving and cycling opportunities, with bike hire readily available for those eager to traverse the scenic landscapes. For those inclined towards aquatic adventures, fishing in the surrounding areas is highly recommended, and the convenience of car rental services arranged by Cavo Paradise enhances the exploratory experience.

Dining options in close proximity cater to a variety of tastes, ensuring that guests have the opportunity to indulge in local culinary delights. Notably, Flamingo Beach is located less than 1 km away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and leisure. For those drawn to the allure of nature and history, Butrint National Park, a mere 14 km from the accommodation, presents an intriguing excursion.

Accessibility is further facilitated by the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 96 km from Cavo Paradise, making it a feasible option for international travelers. Whether it's the allure of the azure waters, the charm of Sarandë, or the comfort and convenience offered by Cavo Paradise, this accommodation stands out as a stellar choice for discerning travelers.