---\ntitle: "CC Hotel & Residence"\ndescription: "CC Hotel & Residence emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, situated a mere 300 meters from the pristine Liro Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379117955.jpg?k=271404ac8fce08af64cd08527c1abd2b4838d891e9da6e369602d6312fbea416&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cc-hotel-residence\naddress: "SH8, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41500014\n  lng: 19.48436062\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379117955.jpg?k=271404ac8fce08af64cd08527c1abd2b4838d891e9da6e369602d6312fbea416&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379500077.jpg?k=d144ecf0854bd148b175522eaf25438926e990ae863548d318c4acb3008f3201&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379164136.jpg?k=887150d430ac4ae6d73b36c341f669fd787ead085653ac99be12aaae39a08701&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379500800.jpg?k=79b715c30e61174150e99244f3ea5c374cd29667c9864899a3826797d967d52a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379168910.jpg?k=eee2fcef0649f71ffa024afd931fa184992a6044ce194bd850ba87d251317408&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380144172.jpg?k=326ef248bb79b5c2a3a48d300eabeb2c5671f0d8ac74e068c655524012fa0793&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mandarine 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Djepi 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 300 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 300 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.5 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Milica"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel. Stuff are very kind, on service all the time. Breakfast is served on the top of the hotel, with wonderful view. Plenty of fresh prepared homemade food.”"\n  - name: "Jeton"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Shërbimi ishte në nivelin e lartë,veçanërisht Mira u kujdes që të ndiheshim komodë.
Shum faliminderit dhe mirupafshim në të ardhmen🙏”"\n  - name: "Etien"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“It is located right near some of the best beaches in Vlora and right across the street from Marina Bay Resort and Miramare. Breakfast was excellent with loads of varieties, Staff very responsive and accommodating. Had parking on site. In...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cc-amp-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's accommodations are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines both productivity and relaxation. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury to the guest experience. For those desiring a little extra, selected rooms boast balconies, offering a private space to unwind and take in the surroundings.

Morning starts on a high note at CC Hotel & Residence, with guests having the option to savor a buffet or continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's snack bar serves as a cozy spot for a drink, providing a perfect setting to mingle or simply enjoy a quiet moment.

Service at CC Hotel & Residence is attentive and personalized, with a reception team available around the clock, fluent in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, ready to assist with any requests or inquiries. This multilingual support ensures a seamless and welcoming experience for guests from all corners of the globe.

For those looking to venture beyond the hotel's comforts, Sunny Beach and Ri Beach are within close proximity, offering more opportunities to bask in the region's natural beauty. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 156 km away, making CC Hotel & Residence a convenient gateway to the wonders of Vlorë and its surroundings.

In summary, CC Hotel & Residence stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to enhance the guest experience. Whether it's the strategic location, the well-appointed rooms, or the exemplary service, this hotel is a compelling choice for those seeking to discover the charm of Vlorë.