---\ntitle: "Central Inn Hotel"\ndescription: "Central Inn Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502654085.jpg?k=b7347575733f60a15d5f380a93ba97f43534bb2591c598910ff3377fa52e8fe9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-inn-hotel\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33121201\n  lng: 19.82035604\nprice: "US$108"\npriceFrom: 108\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 141\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502654085.jpg?k=b7347575733f60a15d5f380a93ba97f43534bb2591c598910ff3377fa52e8fe9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503404177.jpg?k=254beaccf7fb4bd9adaed7015b450667c4761fb6a10c63deb4c48153c22dfd21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503404180.jpg?k=822828dba06b9a57acc5bcab515f361959a804635a71a02cffe3a7108602f5be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502653947.jpg?k=426ea0ecb733aeed930d3ad3100a40a61ad45d4c45b4f9053c0c10a8b0a4ab64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503404190.jpg?k=32f181cb5de1d406ca47d13f125189ce519facc43040e2a5e83a70129f277a17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502653991.jpg?k=65991158b56d12ca57d0201fec02df72d647bc939f0108c90665d38872075b08&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elite Hokah Bar 40 m"\n  - "Bar Caffee Marco Polo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“You have to stay at this hotel. It is one of the best we've stayed at all over the world.
It is the staff that make it so special. All of them go above and beyond to make your stay special.
Besse was outstanding. Got us the best table at a...”"\n  - name: "B"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The hotel management and all staff are very friendly and solution-oriented. It feels like a boutique hotel and is spotlessly clean. They made us feel very special.
They kept our energy at the highest level and offered the most effective...”"\n  - name: "Dragan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Perfect location, close to everything you need in Tirana. Staff very nice. Modern loby. Breakfast perfect. Rooms comfort, clean, very nice. Warm recomandation.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-inn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Central Inn Hotel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a comfortable seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a safety deposit box and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer adds an extra layer of convenience. Select units also boast a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to enjoy the city's ambiance, while all guests benefit from the added luxury of a coffee machine in their room, complete with bed linen and towels to ensure a comfortable stay.

The culinary offerings at Central Inn Hotel are designed to start each day on a high note. Guests have the choice of a buffet, continental, or Italian breakfast each morning, providing a delightful culinary journey to suit every palate.

Situated within easy reach of Tirana's most notable attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the city. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making Central Inn Hotel a prime choice for both leisure and business travelers alike.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest satisfaction, Central Inn Hotel stands out as a premier destination for visitors to Tirana, offering a seamless blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital.