---\ntitle: "Centrum Hotel"\ndescription: "Centrum Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433266849.jpg?k=7e67ee21a017ade96acf8518cfcbef831cec59110ff0e5c08a4f1bbb370b7706&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: centrum-hotel\naddress: "Bardhok Biba 23/15, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33144952\n  lng: 19.81870294\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 856\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433266849.jpg?k=7e67ee21a017ade96acf8518cfcbef831cec59110ff0e5c08a4f1bbb370b7706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465966964.jpg?k=eb97ab4aac2ef70febdc07777b4169c4e88f5be733fdf9473c12860dc23971fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465966992.jpg?k=f6882cb4655f352c20e7699e2aee59771893a69f174ad607e573362c8259d407&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359613279.jpg?k=42f8074d79130fd1549d7ed8f7da82a4558bc7cdccd7e3e235416992da761269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359603418.jpg?k=cda658fdc2c5483235e66ccb9357607face76b29dee453244cb61b850c65b14b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359603780.jpg?k=98ec51a8d9ec9af46ba7a564f3cca72d566d20b131315c2f5234ef05ad0c7505&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Dajkua 40 m"\n  - "Degusto 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kobia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Absolutely loved it! Amazing and kind staff, waited for me until nearly 1 am. Lovely cosy room AC works well. I could connect the telly to my Netflix and prime video. Good location, quiet. A very happy camper 😊”"\n  - name: "Mehdi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The location was best one of the city center. The property was quiet and staff were very helpful and polite.”"\n  - name: "Lelaa"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Everything 😍😍😍 bed was so comfortable, room was so clean and close to the centre only 2min walking from square Skenderbeg.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-fredi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its air-conditioned rooms, each equipped with an LCD TV featuring satellite channels, and a fridge for personal use. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

For those keen to explore the local cuisine and nightlife, a variety of restaurants and bars are just a short stroll away, promising an authentic taste of Tirana's vibrant culture. Additionally, the National History Museum, located 300 meters from the hotel, offers a deep dive into the rich heritage of the region.

Convenience is further underscored by the hotel's proximity to essential travel links; a bus station is located 500 meters away, making exploration beyond the city limits a breeze. For international travelers, Tirana Airport is a mere 13 kilometers from the hotel, ensuring smooth transitions to and from this charming city.

Centrum Hotel not only positions itself as a gateway to the treasures of Tirana but also as a haven of comfort and convenience, making it a top recommendation for visitors to this dynamic city.