---\ntitle: "Central Apartments Shoshi"\ndescription: "Central Apartments Shoshi emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60764304.jpg?k=ab1f1ae92f531e8f62058c8b9e4efb2dc41637bcf80ad7054d08d23711a6d105&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-apartments-shoshi\naddress: "Rruga Mihal duri 35, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32993378\n  lng: 19.81127906\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 88\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60764304.jpg?k=ab1f1ae92f531e8f62058c8b9e4efb2dc41637bcf80ad7054d08d23711a6d105&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330548759.jpg?k=0c645528befe0864de970e0fdab483b20257ace0283281866df2a7ebe5f4b560&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259326350.jpg?k=5708028bd083b11655de8637811fda01f967a8fb80c77dec8659ef71438a58f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60766627.jpg?k=e748bd7748be3b783d3e42e975b707795cfea762efbc56def2697b49d0b22f05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199156765.jpg?k=bfc297e540562c448e18affc2f5b4573057fb1dee21b40b63bf63d49d24f5bd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60764446.jpg?k=9fc20b06fe4e468142d220c8f50bb303d7b0d43e901bca2025c7c2a0350399c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150125908.jpg?k=c673396a13bb49b6399f7055c2078eebf47eef5734520c72cc3efdfa76d8c3e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359764368.jpg?k=9e3606821836ab167ac68b903328a0f201dc674e391692d0aebd65d1d1ba1fb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330548768.jpg?k=567e94470d06bb32bde774e2466c24b83e74c5ce3189dfca22cca615ef6376e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cen Artizani 10 m"\n  - "Albert 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laska"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The Host was very accommodating and friendly, he assisted us with information about the city. He was also very responsive to our questions. He made us feel at home.”"\n  - name: "Dan-loránd"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The property is very well placed, very close to the city center and recently renovated. It is fully equipped with all you would need, very comfortable for up to 4 people, the staff, Dini and his son, were amazing and I could easily imagine...”"\n  - name: "Konstantin"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Staying here for a second time. Perfect location in a quiet area near the central square. Cozy and comfortable apartment with everything you need. The owner is an attentive and friendly person. If possible, you can park nearby for free, which is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-shoshi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into spaces that boast not only a TV and air conditioning for those moments of relaxation but also a balcony that invites the outside in. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and microwave, ensures that visitors have everything they need to whip up a meal at any time of the day. The inclusion of a private bathroom, outfitted with a shower and hairdryer, adds an extra layer of privacy and convenience.

For those keen on exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, Central Apartments Shoshi serves as an ideal launchpad. The National Arts Gallery lies a mere 500 meters away, offering a deep dive into the country's artistic heritage, while the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, located 700 meters from the accommodation, presents an opportunity to experience Albania's performing arts scene up close. Moreover, with Tirana Airport just 13 kilometers away, the journey to and from this urban oasis is as stress-free as it gets, especially with the added perk of complimentary parking upon request.

Central Apartments Shoshi stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, making it a top recommendation for those looking to immerse themselves in the sights and sounds of Tirana.