---\ntitle: "Central 1+1 Ap with balcony"\ndescription: "Central 1+1 Apartment with Balcony emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493027028.jpg?k=30fe34a16c2057c79978d5289c2a715af7ca2c014192a71072d6ab0f768a464f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-1-1-ap-with-balcony\naddress: "Konstandin kristoforidhi Floor 7, 1014 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32967498\n  lng: 19.82212447\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493027028.jpg?k=30fe34a16c2057c79978d5289c2a715af7ca2c014192a71072d6ab0f768a464f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493026818.jpg?k=eb18e5cd6139853f387e6255cb47afb4d0e818715d112f1e56b9b20159c6bce1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429973371.jpg?k=67862b4130a0e3120f8b2d785dc5b9632da37e856b571e3ed6bb793cd575c8c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493026862.jpg?k=0a69f712f2ba09d718b0c2e7355809fb4eb8a2b323ff63b2ad51b6043f04e5a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429973488.jpg?k=0a0d4a9f85918e151e1b814f83daae4197f6b16ba53c36287ccb6b386d87a843&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429973443.jpg?k=90f32045c4ea4541288776bf2866e61639408d7f875e56eaffbe207bd80be6f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429973468.jpg?k=c84c1e6628c501bae128e6b8287bf16fb5c662394b86fb7fdff4ee2db8b26a5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514482713.jpg?k=8cf947ef0209d2fa37ee3f541a7fdc93fd684e9b3c59a26f12f5b9aeb382644d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514483529.jpg?k=5189c7cf6054667742d2ec0fa9edb49322b45bb90efcdc047f93f16a4066aabc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "MAnna 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-1-1-ap-with-balcony.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a window to the vibrant life of Tirana with its city and serene inner courtyard views, all while ensuring guests remain a comfortable distance of 43 km from the Rock of Kavaje. For those interested in Albania's rich history, the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 1.5 km away, makes for an intriguing visit.

The accommodation itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are treated to a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room that opens up to a balcony boasting mountain views, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances including a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and complimentary WiFi ensures that guests' entertainment and comfort needs are well catered to. The bathroom, equipped with a bidet, along with provided towels and bed linen, adds an extra layer of convenience.

Beyond the apartment, guests find themselves within easy reach of Tirana's cultural heartbeat. The Toptani Shopping Centre, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana are all popular points of interest that are conveniently located near the property. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Central 1+1 Apartment with Balcony stands out not only for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but also for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, ensuring a pleasant stay for all guests. Whether it's the allure of the city's bustling streets or the tranquility of mountain vistas from the balcony, this property promises an unforgettable stay in Tirana.