---\ntitle: "Center Apartment Easy"\ndescription: "Center Apartment Easy emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant city life."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513088710.jpg?k=ad1a7930e9d7457d980ed585a081e6cfc019f818cbdefc6707b0536587d43ee1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: center-apartment-easy\naddress: "rruga barrikadave,galeria e tiranes, ish kinema 17 nentori, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33124823\n  lng: 19.82022643\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 262\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513088710.jpg?k=ad1a7930e9d7457d980ed585a081e6cfc019f818cbdefc6707b0536587d43ee1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516006487.jpg?k=259adbaf89069d18d93302952d14fda48726dddc3c338cb0859d8e17d47ea9a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513089179.jpg?k=9bab37bdb45d980c4cb8dd3ede1cfb1f0c66529420659596a6f0cba73b3bd963&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516006773.jpg?k=35975d3e51007cc26afcfa416ebcedce506288a2c56b5c5a7f4879a6b8058041&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513089330.jpg?k=ca116181baecc15b7b66a9cd7ed3719d35f47aaa8446495ac78ef92d31905905&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513089605.jpg?k=ed19a88426d1bbff92ca7b3984bc4b8b9837c95dd8f792399cae78a19dcc2014&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elite Hokah Bar 30 m"\n  - "Pizza King (Hallall) 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Özlem"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Location is very good and staff helps for everything. Whenever you want, you can reach. Definitely, I recommend it.”"\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location, perfect
Communication was quick and efficient with recommendations too 👌”"\n  - name: "Robbert"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“-The owner was very willing to give information
-The apartment had a lot of space, which was very pleasant.
The location was great. Near to the very centre.
-Wifi was excellent
-Great to have a smart-tv
- The bed was good
-Everything was clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-donika.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a prime location; it is a haven of comfort and convenience. Guests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that open up to a serene garden with a cozy seating area - a rare find in the bustling city center. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a seating area and balcony, offering a perfect blend of indoor comfort and outdoor tranquility. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, refrigerator, and a coffee machine, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a private bathroom with slippers and provided towels adds a touch of personalized hospitality that makes guests feel right at home.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, the neighborhood is a lively hub with an array of services at guests' fingertips. From bars and restaurants to shops and a pharmacy, everything one might need is conveniently located. The apartment is part of the Galeria and Tiranes Shopping Centre, adding an extra layer of convenience for shopping enthusiasts.

For those looking to explore further afield, a bus station is located just 250 meters away, offering easy access to the rest of the city and beyond. Tirana Airport, the gateway to international destinations, is situated 15 km from the apartment, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for both arrival and departure.

Center Apartment Easy stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility for travelers eager to explore the vibrant city of Tirana.