---\ntitle: "central apartment"\ndescription: "Central Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501028399.jpg?k=5cb6918303d2e9dae193fccbceea3f217b529deb6cc236ef4c53c1de2c0d9643&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsim, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33222618\n  lng: 19.83047652\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501028399.jpg?k=5cb6918303d2e9dae193fccbceea3f217b529deb6cc236ef4c53c1de2c0d9643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/501028504.jpg?k=6c4d53133c869a83de86234a6e8d2fbb76d6ad3fe2653b1407ff2316eb830c26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/501028516.jpg?k=e0e186105c9e679ac23ef4a748f5bcd916bfcc8c62d85ddee923758dba99ba89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/501028522.jpg?k=30348a8220d1318fa86a7f5c75301489ba78ddd7c0dc00d18e726fe88b5818b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/501028526.jpg?k=277d1f6c278fa4158580c9858968537e9b53cffedae1eef1815fed19fdac1b82&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Birrari 30 m"\n  - "Juliet 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 850 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-apartment-tirana7.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically situated, Central Apartment is within easy reach of Tirana's most celebrated attractions. The National Gallery of Arts, the iconic Clock Tower, and the enchanting Et'hem Bey Mosque are all just a leisurely 1.2 km stroll away, with the vibrant Skanderbeg Square even closer at 1.1 km. For guests who value the ease of access to top sights, this location is unbeatable.

Guests will find themselves enveloped in the comfort of a well-appointed apartment, featuring a cozy bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy crafting their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring a relaxing stay. Moreover, the commitment to a non-smoking environment promotes a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests.

The allure of Central Apartment is further enhanced by its proximity to other points of interest, including the historic Tanners' Bridge, the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, and the prestigious National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For those arriving by air, the convenience is extended with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away.

Complemented by the provision of free WiFi throughout the property, guests are assured of a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel. Central Apartment stands out as a top recommendation for those desiring to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of accessibility, comfort, and cultural immersion.