---\ntitle: "Central Comfy Apartment"\ndescription: "Central Comfy Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296183526.jpg?k=ef48b4e099cf52f84e0f3b301e7ee945379544d7f9cdb803e6afdd1caa8538bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-comfy-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjon Muzaka, , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33030724\n  lng: 19.80935811\nprice: "US$85"\npriceFrom: 85\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296183526.jpg?k=ef48b4e099cf52f84e0f3b301e7ee945379544d7f9cdb803e6afdd1caa8538bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296010793.jpg?k=5378dd17ae51603879c82f47f45be8f46d73e25673f2f1963cd8d5f6a0d4671f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167760598.jpg?k=f7ec06b48c2d9210578eab631b32c06f5f8b856068341bd86b1f62a54e569656&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295696210.jpg?k=a578ec7c9b0eb30a23963dc8715d9d3d3e857b63692e8f7186657569e8c331cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295696288.jpg?k=913cd56c6d66b72db8f2774af4606353b6da9dbe13ead70189b376eb2fa34e2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225545936.jpg?k=7e6bdc6f9b832742813f9c6f9d0c6b732e766b32c2def66fae32a77f70b532b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296010769.jpg?k=adea448227324983ef2ebc89b8365e2f26fbbae4816b9c40025ea06b429129c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296183594.jpg?k=ab64510f1b2ae18e18a1d4e6931d4d31853e3cba9366f4c3859c30b3ca89b72b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424161582.jpg?k=890d922664d1816a63e67f0159c45366a385252e3122a5ea6179efd9e733666c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (28 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serenity 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Roland 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Located in the centre but in a quiet area, easy to move around, extremely clean apartment and well equipped. Perfect for a couple or a family of four. The host was very attentive and helpful. We will try to book again for our next trip to Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Ayhannn"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“+Location is perfect +The host is always ready to communicate with you to make everything easy.
+Clean +Hot water +Building and inside the apartment is new and decorated well +The photos on booking.com match reality.”"\n  - name: "Ini"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect,there wasnt anything missing !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-comfy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into the Central Comfy Apartment, guests are greeted with a spacious living environment, equipped with air conditioning to ensure a pleasant stay regardless of the weather outside. The property boasts a seamless connection to free WiFi across all areas, alongside the availability of private parking on site, addressing the practical needs of every modern traveler.

The apartment itself is designed to cater to families and groups, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area complete with a cozy fireplace, and a seating area for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring guests are never far from enjoying their favorite shows. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and an oven, alongside a washing machine, adds a layer of convenience for those preferring home-cooked meals or longer stays.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels and bed linen, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of outdoor play equipment, making it a child-friendly option. For those looking to explore Tirana and its surroundings, both bicycle and car rental services are offered directly from the apartment, facilitating easy access to the city's must-see destinations.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, each contributing to the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural and historical landscape. For guests arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 13 km away, is a testament to the apartment's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Central Comfy Apartment not only promises a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient but also serves as a gateway to the vibrant life and attractions of Tirana, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.