---\ntitle: "Centaurus Apartments"\ndescription: "Centaurus Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447359511.jpg?k=63a46ad8b958d3936b75583cab9648c3c7bca9404ddc198e1ea6ef028bab5525&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: centaurus-apartments\naddress: "Kompleksi Kontakt, Magnet residence., 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32904488\n  lng: 19.79754469\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447359511.jpg?k=63a46ad8b958d3936b75583cab9648c3c7bca9404ddc198e1ea6ef028bab5525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447364355.jpg?k=3935115f414a331cf5161579679e0f34c393a945972cb7a7c7c3c0da2c04fa7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447318309.jpg?k=2fea4764634aacc237483cb22db9e5d1fcf88ccef08b854ee172ceaaa569af0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447318244.jpg?k=00f077ae8bf4cd7d12c3ccdfbc8a809435d8ebac6a5be000b9cf56d329ea7bdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447358757.jpg?k=a4e90f26515c262a2f5de7519e67968e0e839ef94a9bb27f0217dad2a8e9b267&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447318363.jpg?k=05a02ff98d88f24e62a54abf1ab605d45171ed11b3800a6922a54280a6d591a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mensa Ladi Albanian Cuisine 20 m"\n  - "Pizzeri Italia 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Etim"\n    country: "Nigeria"\n    text: "“I will gladly recommend this apartment to any one that wants to enjoy vacation. It was lovely my wife and kids love it.”"\n  - name: "Mahomed"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice and spacious apartment. One of the rooms even had en suite. In a quiet residential area so no noise at night. Staff very helpful when any issues. The coffee machine makes lovely coffee. Definitely get the apartment to pick you up from...”"\n  - name: "Johanna"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Superhappy with our stay. Very nice and clean appartment and the staff was very helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/keit-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartments are designed with families in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that promise a refreshing retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. Each unit boasts a private bathroom, ensuring privacy and convenience for all guests. Moreover, the availability of free WiFi across the premises allows visitors to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventure in Tirana. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering balconies that present an opportunity to soak in the city's ambiance from the comfort of one's room.

For those keen on exploring the local area, the House of Leaves museum is accessible at a mere 2 km distance, offering a deep dive into Albania's history. Rinia Park, a haven of tranquility, is also close by, located just 2.2 km from the apartments. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 12 km away, with Centaurus Apartments providing a paid shuttle service to ensure a seamless transition from air to accommodation.

In summary, Centaurus Apartments stands out as an ideal lodging option for those looking to explore Tirana's rich cultural landscape, offering a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and thoughtful amenities.