---\ntitle: "Central 2 Apartment"\ndescription: "Central 2 Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-adkwZynfdaw/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAACXA/pNTcl_mUt64/s96-c/photo.jpg64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-2-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32453312\n  lng: 19.79847552\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-adkwZynfdaw/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAACXA/pNTcl_mUt64/s96-c/photo.jpg64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/es/0bcb9025339e650f3fbbcfb64ac38edd46efe4f6.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484119754.jpg?k=9bd0c0d008dd55b4056ef5fb78881cd1e803c11b4fb0b69001b68e547a7b3795&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522310003.jpg?k=2723cd7f2668996e8095c62e76a45cf6e7858d05fea5244b35d77fe07c1d652a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Juan"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Air conditioning in both rooms.
Very clean.
Everything was well-functioning.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-2-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment prides itself on modern amenities, including complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the conveniences of modern living. The kitchen, equipped with an oven and microwave, invites guests to prepare their meals, making it perfect for those who prefer a homely touch to their dining experiences. The provision of towels and bed linen adds an extra layer of comfort, making it easy for guests to settle in.

Privacy is paramount at Central 2 Apartment, with a private entrance that guarantees a secluded and uninterrupted stay. While the tranquility of the apartment's garden offers a serene retreat, the adventurous at heart will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 7.2 km away, an exciting escape to nature's wonders. Moreover, the apartment's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, a mere 2.6 km away, provides a unique glimpse into Albania's historical narrative.

For those traveling to or from Tirana, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, makes Central 2 Apartment a strategic choice for both short and extended stays. This apartment not only promises a comfortable and convenient stay but also an immersive experience into the cultural and historical offerings of Tirana.