---\ntitle: "Centrally located Glamorous Bright APT near Bazaar"\ndescription: "Centrally Located Glamorous Bright Apartment near Bazaar emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792633.jpg?k=dce869753caee8f19eaf3a5a02b1b002b75f476e241c8b18c9a8996030f60b05&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: centrally-located-glamorous-bright-apt-near-bazaar\naddress: "Rruga Tefta Tashko-Koço, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3288208\n  lng: 19.82671951\nprice: "US$116"\npriceFrom: 116\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792633.jpg?k=dce869753caee8f19eaf3a5a02b1b002b75f476e241c8b18c9a8996030f60b05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792497.jpg?k=1947cd6ab7c2c7dd4d132532824a6b23e510311c86e8830f8a07dd80a0acc871&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792509.jpg?k=0a7a918bfc044e27d194f4f08f2a012964943b03e48b1cc227ce58c325eda5f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792670.jpg?k=166d2a77bd5740a43d4f80a957d39368ca6240be467e530c5f79ec63c62419ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384793156.jpg?k=5c28885703a243ac5a467844a035ffa79fb3ee1dc81d38ccaf3438a349068462&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490466470.jpg?k=6f57aac4936dc63316c3adcedfc16011cb5b6c05428a7e078083822561f9cbd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384792456.jpg?k=6a08c7f2ea8864a258dd9c24c084e72d3118943f6b1efbcafd36a6191aacdadb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384793120.jpg?k=6cc83158165173966d6a3f5c52dcd42371a9ba3a56180e59b00ebbc2c9e1ed76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497961616.jpg?k=4879826feeb3fefb44f9096e016719e4b2762385eca45bcd8d9f37e076b48191&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (67 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 40 m"\n  - "Vila Leksani Kopshti 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 100 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nichola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Was modern, good location, comfortable facilities and good space. Host was great, lovely and accommodating when our flight was delayed.”"\n  - name: "Zahra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location, spotlessly clean. Perfect for a family arriving to Tirana for the first time. The host was very friendly and accommodating. Transport was arranged from the airport to the apartment.”"\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“All was great. Julia is great host. WiFi was working. There was air condition. It was located in a nice district. Near were lots of caffe. We were really happy with the apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/centrally-located-glamorous-bright-apt-near-bazaar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just promise a stay; it delivers an experience. With two well-appointed bedrooms, a living space bathed in natural light, and a balcony that invites guests to take in the serene cityscape, it's a haven of tranquility in the bustling city. The inclusion of modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, and fridge, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that lacks for nothing.

For those keen on exploring, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana adds layers to the Tirana experience, making it as enriching as it is comfortable. Despite its central location, the apartment offers a peaceful retreat with its quiet street views, allowing guests to recharge in peace after a day of exploration.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away. The apartment facilitates ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless transition from arrival to relaxation.

Centrally Located Glamorous Bright Apartment near Bazaar not only promises a memorable stay but delivers a comprehensive experience of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's vibrant life without compromising on comfort or convenience.