---\ntitle: "Central Cozy Apartment Old Train Station"\ndescription: "Central Cozy Apartment Old Train Station emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371601.jpg?k=5418381ab6db979df4e0a0c770edf8f24094ea32d032b21310f8ae763150432f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-cozy-apartment-old-train-station\naddress: "Rruga Karl Gega, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33681365\n  lng: 19.81709656\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371601.jpg?k=5418381ab6db979df4e0a0c770edf8f24094ea32d032b21310f8ae763150432f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371688.jpg?k=c27dee1c9b621c3354f168c091ce5ac15da2d7841da1a65adf210e870371abed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371673.jpg?k=78daa125cae6eeb24d1fa10eb7cc87e4f34a2f4e49d2d1ad268412470907eb74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490213528.jpg?k=d0bb63d29c8cc890dce27d3600d6d2565a12c8294cf7b223f4db517cd5d0824c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371722.jpg?k=b0ed3071b5103455fef2433b37da0e13dfe02c6218aee5ff79bf276cc7223b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371679.jpg?k=74c7003e4b6fc416c354bd1a793f0346dd7121193dc91908e8716bf77464e02e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371702.jpg?k=a23eed0b46eac2447e2ef39bf0169d5339a7fdb8fb33aacb39b561d1c3d0f41d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438371658.jpg?k=a91b88e0c45c6e68f57c5a53d8c870c13ea6a29074c19115c0e607a4e50f9bd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449764802.jpg?k=efa5295ca834be2246079c7dfbdfc3b55b8eb02b9d0ee77dc416a9bfa0dc513a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (41 Mbps)"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New Bulevard 50 m"\n  - "Trinity 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexmax"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Everything was great as on photo, great location, very nice host and communication”"\n  - name: "Rosa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Really helpful and kind owner. The location is very good you can reach lots of beautiful cafes and restaurants by foot as well as tourist attractions.”"\n  - name: "Zenne"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Good location in a central neighborhood. The owner was friendly and takes the time to help you with anything and likes to introduce you to Albania and the habits and culture of the country. The room has enough space and even had a fridge and a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/old-house-station-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself presents a serene garden view, adding a touch of tranquility to the urban setting. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a private bar, making it an ideal choice for those looking to unwind in style. The provision of free WiFi and the option for private parking (at an additional charge) cater to the needs of modern travelers, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Accommodation at Central Cozy Apartment Old Train Station is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The air-conditioned 1-bedroom apartment is well-appointed with a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy seating area, and entertainment options including a flat-screen TV and PS2. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

Morning delights at the apartment include a choice of continental and Italian breakfast options, featuring fresh fruits, juice, and cheese, promising a delightful start to the day.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the House of Leaves, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, Central Cozy Apartment Old Train Station offers an accessible and comfortable base for both short-term and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.