---\ntitle: "Central Cane Apartment"\ndescription: "Central Cane Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527018324.jpg?k=fa0e0a1a9f44166a5ffcc90ee9a72d486b08f99d98fe02a80449e19b178f5f80&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-cane-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3306047\n  lng: 19.82208465\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527018324.jpg?k=fa0e0a1a9f44166a5ffcc90ee9a72d486b08f99d98fe02a80449e19b178f5f80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527018385.jpg?k=dc31af48238af2df75146136b18ada7db76de3134fef98907bdffd3718c4200d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526097657.jpg?k=e05cdf5a5519a22475dc3e1d987f70401d243b5b750db2339dee7003eeffc305&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526097025.jpg?k=1144da6420ff357f2c6a08b5d0f10d8161720ccede773f87ba0faed6363cad79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526096433.jpg?k=a0bcffd3a2bbb3e921196eca2f8bd9afcc122a3770a3a17ec34e5068e911d96b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527018004.jpg?k=9d84b8d082133abdee73e1f6e2ab794846c46309e4c4aa69a58a24cfb76702d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527018443.jpg?k=4cc5ea74b230345ac4c8baf4a8a1185a17f1b57ca18918448ed51f772d892a51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526098060.jpg?k=ccc5064d2003f447786f992b55afd248038c309871a6428c5564ca8981ea99f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527019095.jpg?k=68f3bc1ed7a66bcddca86ce8df9250aebef91b735e6f32a7b1d92eb472ceb6bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (47 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizaa 8 m"\n  - "LAngolo 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valeriia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very warm, clean and comfortable apartment. Location is great, very close to all the central areas. Groceries and needed shops/coffee bars are 2 min away.”"\n  - name: "Toska"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was just perfect. Apartment was very clean and comfortable. Host was super friendly and communicative. I will definitely book this apartment again. Thank you very much!”"\n  - name: "Marjan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice apartment just like the photos, modern and clean in center of Tirana and even with a great view , recommend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-cane-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive experience. Guests are treated to a suite equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment at any hour, and complimentary WiFi that spans the entirety of the property. The convenience of an elevator and bicycle parking adds to the seamless experience envisioned for every guest.

The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a cozy bedroom, a pristine bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, a dining area perfect for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to whip up their own delicacies. Perhaps the crown jewel of the Central Cane Apartment is its balcony, offering captivating city views that promise to enchant guests during their stay.

For those eager to dive into the cultural heartbeat of Tirana, the apartment is conveniently located near several key attractions. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre are all within easy reach, promising a rich tapestry of experiences. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, ensuring easy access for international travelers.

Central Cane Apartment stands as a testament to the fusion of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and the promise of an unforgettable stay in Tirana.