---\ntitle: "Central City Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Central City Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant culture and history."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273733.jpg?k=6664528af0afa97a8aa66ef99f22561cc44966ec6bc5a157ecf491f1a792b5e3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-city-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Pasha Apartamenti 14, Pallati 70/1, Kati 4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33050461\n  lng: 19.81517679\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 7.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273733.jpg?k=6664528af0afa97a8aa66ef99f22561cc44966ec6bc5a157ecf491f1a792b5e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273739.jpg?k=18d13661f37261e499320057ce68411bd3e95c2a03b70910e22c6dc7a38730fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273740.jpg?k=879bc8c2c5d0748531ca864510cf8997b46c51d2e866d2348badd385060af5ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357966032.jpg?k=72bd21338492a9761630a0df3d31c3b023161da048a36fe0bb242441b1df5d28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273719.jpg?k=a1aacd0b1dbb610b48e5677d1230aa79a7cee1ddb136d3c391ec3a10b9d1a76d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475260667.jpg?k=96ad9b862aae5209e2e4a13b1ce7590001ffc9ed17829a7b38d5fd6b7175fddd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475273722.jpg?k=2e72f360605539c25481fcad8cec31a7aaf380e790b434ce725e2c58a9188de5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357966023.jpg?k=c693601569f29c33ca86c3988cc9923638171297712b91f8903b77c2002ecb18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475259146.jpg?k=f203c819dbbaaa063f9c3039f388bd7aa4dfa28772f633db174890d5690e1a57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baste Sportive 50 m"\n  - "Grand Cafe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lidija"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Big, fully equipped apartment with large double bed in bedroom and comfy couch for two people, big enough for a family and at a great price. The hostess Megan helped us with finding the street and sent colleague to pick us up. Very clean, suitable...”"\n  - name: "Teuta"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“We loved the location, it was very close to everything. Everything was clean and new.”"\n  - name: "Mira"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Enjoyed every second we stayed in this apartment! I loved how everything was new and super clean. Furthermore, the washing maschine, the oven, the dishwasher, and every cooking utensil facilitated my stay in this apartment a lot. The hosts were...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-city-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a modern, air-conditioned space complete with a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher. Guests are treated to the convenience of free WiFi and the comfort of provided towels and bed linen, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of travel. The balcony offers serene views of the city, allowing for quiet moments of reflection amidst the urban excitement.

For those interested in the arts, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is easily accessible, as are the Clock Tower Tirana and Et'hem Bey Mosque, offering a glimpse into the architectural and cultural tapestry of the city. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, Central City Apartment Tirana serves as an accessible and inviting base for both short visits and extended stays, promising an experience that captures the essence of Tirana's charm and convenience.