---\ntitle: "Center Hotel"\ndescription: "Center Hotel, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër and a mere 44 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471876072.jpg?k=ac307e611efe964c8616ee7e5c585de9edb26614d4f0205692139989c05b2844&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: center-hotel\naddress: "18 Shtatori 5, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07999292\n  lng: 20.13771104\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471876072.jpg?k=ac307e611efe964c8616ee7e5c585de9edb26614d4f0205692139989c05b2844&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471875997.jpg?k=e25c604deffc3bb44828b32615882cab4a1ecb35e5cda36322312619354b5864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471876075.jpg?k=1141fad4090d991f1a4eb93e89e29019f3ecc2ff335d7d432f88393eb0b53a3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471876145.jpg?k=4ac5cb2e9bf5fa18dd877f29e5be6c16182407aa4aa682041a84fe9c304090d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471875205.jpg?k=5573e2f5314f66b39683b9b49c77b343ed898b15561599b9cb3109849f13063b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471873206.jpg?k=21a99c0a340b1c0b6b474b92e08320f9c3c5749f7ded3156a2d75a5118d3c345&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Alfa 40 m"\n  - "Piazza la Crepa 50 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Van"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The best bed of all hotels we have stayed. It was really nice and comfy.
The breakfast was amazing!”"\n  - name: "Detlef"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Modernes Hotel, gute Lage am Eingang der Stadt. Geschäfte ,Restaurants und junges flexibles und hilfsbereites Betreiberpersonal”"\n  - name: "Typhaine"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Le grand balcon avec vue sur le château.
La proximité du vieux centre et toutes les commodités aux alentours.
Le confort de la chambre Deluxe avec un frigo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Center Hotel is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Gjirokastër days and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment and connectivity are at your fingertips with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels. For peace of mind, a safety deposit box is provided in every room. The private bathrooms are designed with modernity in mind, featuring a shower, along with complimentary toiletries such as a hairdryer and slippers, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The thoughtful addition of bed linen and towels in each room underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

For travelers flying in, the convenience of Ioannina Airport, located 83 km away, makes Center Hotel an accessible gateway to the enchanting city of Gjirokastër. Whether it's the strategic location, the array of thoughtful amenities, or the promise of a comfortable stay, Center Hotel is a distinguished choice for those exploring the rich tapestry of this historic region.