---\ntitle: "Central Apartment with balcony 2"\ndescription: "Central Apartment with Balcony 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513280907.jpg?k=7074e3ab1e936c28447836febe365724aaf3f173aecb277205f7fb6850053deb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-apartment-with-balcony-2\naddress: "Rruga Islam Alla, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32768889\n  lng: 19.81118204\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513280907.jpg?k=7074e3ab1e936c28447836febe365724aaf3f173aecb277205f7fb6850053deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/513281042.jpg?k=cdcabc0f234c19fbf0ef9c900dcc60511787bdea6cdf8b8ec8626b0acfd52a4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/513281048.jpg?k=3d0414c6ab39d6f02d12ffe8ba961a5d43aa4e9b91f24ae179b01cb97579686f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/513281050.jpg?k=1044a875be4d1511fe2fc4954c80a7b9f5b7c388cccfdf6dd67ee0b8687c06f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/513281053.jpg?k=4f2f8e213683d0bdb148641b5d3d61947374367117ce9eeb2bf2cb99f989c22c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ejsel 30 m"\n  - "Tymi Tradita Shqiptare 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-apartment-with-balcony-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests will appreciate the thoughtful amenities that enhance the stay, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the property, ensuring connectivity and convenience. The presence of a restaurant, lift, and round-the-clock security further underscores the commitment to guest satisfaction and safety.

The apartment itself is a study in comfort and convenience, featuring a spacious layout with a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, invites guests to prepare their meals, offering a taste of home. Essential touches like towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the overall experience.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount, with soundproofing and a private entrance ensuring a serene retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. For those wishing to explore the local area at their own pace, a car rental service is conveniently available on-site.

The apartment's location is unbeatable for those keen to delve into Tirana's attractions. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana are all within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. For further convenience, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Adding to the appeal is an on-site coffee shop, perfect for starting the day with a freshly brewed coffee or unwinding in the afternoon.

Central Apartment with Balcony 2 stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for discerning travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in Tirana.