---\ntitle: "Central Superior 2BR Apartament"\ndescription: "Central Superior 2BR Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493199.jpg?k=c2fba956ee8774e60e1f5db9c00acc71e6c8cdea1b60b51c4eb42efa844b3841&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-superior-2br-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza 3rd floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33048623\n  lng: 19.81392992\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493199.jpg?k=c2fba956ee8774e60e1f5db9c00acc71e6c8cdea1b60b51c4eb42efa844b3841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493551.jpg?k=01058488a2f6976b9caddcd93e024f4cc8c2dc29954cb169c493aca54814370e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493449.jpg?k=655791987cde09fac8295e1b4ae7c3375c11646a51aff17c2b677e492f8919d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493555.jpg?k=a480517c9613437c2c1389355bb6f5583b453e48601f0b1e0e36364e4f822560&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493289.jpg?k=bc2d31436e952d6bcc412ad9c35d039d61859198f478880b677a8056bd808bcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493499.jpg?k=0fc0e592babd67df212cc6217d0c55d7c10e542ea2d6791e8c6f180b82b065a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493085.jpg?k=db9bd736f9499768e1f95a7b22bab60e176e2cd7d63a9094297961392ae0d17c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493347.jpg?k=8eb227e2fb14fb85b125d3835581e9a20781829c5f802215c275b18fe3697b9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487493197.jpg?k=1f2cb0ae39d48ebb53e6a0b970051b09560e441af62388bfceb97b781adb3804&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Cafe 40 m"\n  - "Palmyra 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cleo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment exactly as depicted with a very comfortable layout and all you might need for a longer stay as well (we stayed four nights).
The location is also excellent, the building is quiet and there is a supermarket just across the road as...”"\n  - name: "Jessie"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Host was lovely and very accommodating. Replied promptly to messages and allowed us a late check out with no extra charge. Was kind and easy to communicate with.”"\n  - name: "Zahira"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“nice and clean appartement. 2 big bedrooms & also close walk to city center”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-superior-2br-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests will find themselves in a serene setting, with the apartment boasting quiet street views, yet it is conveniently situated just 1.3 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a scenic drive away from the Rock of Kavaje. The inclusion of free bikes enhances the appeal for those eager to explore the city's charm at their own pace.

The accommodation itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living space that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen. The balcony offers a splendid view of the city, allowing guests to soak in the urban atmosphere from the comfort of their apartment. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay.

For dining, the on-site restaurant serves a selection of Mediterranean cuisine, complemented by the convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises. Additionally, the coffee shop and the option for packed lunches cater to the needs of guests with various preferences and schedules.

The apartment facilitates exploration and mobility with its car rental service, making it effortless for guests to visit nearby attractions such as the House of Leaves, the National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless connection.

Central Superior 2BR Apartment not only provides a comfortable and convenient base for exploring Tirana but also enriches the travel experience with its thoughtful amenities and prime location.