---\ntitle: "Center of Tirana - Apartment"\ndescription: "Center of Tirana - Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the ultimate experience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167020.jpg?k=e5ecd1636919091b493827dea97ac6917e566c6a431d9012d87b9518bb08f061&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: center-of-tirana-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33253343\n  lng: 19.82274013\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167020.jpg?k=e5ecd1636919091b493827dea97ac6917e566c6a431d9012d87b9518bb08f061&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167018.jpg?k=28aff854c825244fba554161ba9a30b8aa20cd7adfe556f38eee27ef7556b25f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167005.jpg?k=f19b9fed8db6f659292d791869ec12285187db2858cf80259d9511b7e15cd0c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468166996.jpg?k=f6377b58419cb6e2b071caefc26f7db49329488d11ffeaee14f59dff10e0c5fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167023.jpg?k=2ef06ef4d03b72891c81387db91a26f9fab34290e0da8200e573ce078f7948ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468649267.jpg?k=a52259e52bbc290d0f9f4b21cf7457fdf39cf436d22437bacb7b7590e73bd0e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167026.jpg?k=4650896daae89dbaadfed703390179aa40a6ceb9955e2979af0f04d831000734&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167012.jpg?k=f1f32342602c1095e6104a18d6e4bfdc0473367caa482a5cf0d0d1a10c5340b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468167022.jpg?k=517f5d8528c4d06ca08e84a55e34c6dee5c35502901c2b9fa834a1de953e19bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Observator 20 m"\n  - "Shija e Zgares 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kyle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location was pretty central, and there were many shops nearby along with cafes. The apartment was spacious and came with many things that you would need.”"\n  - name: "Konstantina"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“everything was so clean. the apartment’s location is perfect in the heart of Tirana. also next from the building you can find supermarket farmacy and everything else u need. Samuel is such a great host and ready to accommodate you any time you...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Central location, very clean, tidy and modern. All amenities available. Owner/agent extremely helpful. Perfect.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-of-tirana-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment offers an array of amenities designed to provide guests with a seamless and comfortable stay. From the convenience of a 24-hour front desk to the assurance of full-day security, every detail has been thoughtfully considered. The addition of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises ensures that guests remain connected at all times. Moreover, the soundproofing of the apartment guarantees a peaceful retreat amidst the bustling city life, located merely 4.4 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car.

Accommodation at Center of Tirana - Apartment is nothing short of luxurious, featuring a one-bedroom layout equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and the added convenience of a washing machine. The bathroom is well-appointed with a bidet, while the air-conditioned unit also includes a shower and a dressing room, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. Notably, the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, making Center of Tirana - Apartment an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays in this dynamic city.