---\ntitle: "Central Urban Blloku Apartment"\ndescription: "Central Urban Blloku Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496034263.jpg?k=f4b10e0602f492116a9acd938e825e78306636f85cca1a925ca38a32f7a803f6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-urban-blloku-apartment\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, Mbrapa Caffe \"ROMA\", 1018 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32285369\n  lng: 19.81688882\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496034263.jpg?k=f4b10e0602f492116a9acd938e825e78306636f85cca1a925ca38a32f7a803f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496034654.jpg?k=65b122bc712de8c8ff74985b83dd11ce1f89dfa94d45e370d7f7933384536158&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496034982.jpg?k=909a904de68243ddb815fb23d4b4fde189a6c5ae699514ab365814d7b3efd37f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039502.jpg?k=b03425f005d59e7b1a92e7353190fa67d8b0b687f8789eacea2e1c965639a32b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496035178.jpg?k=6e7e93ba1a8a89f2a9ee23348b8aa4f8aabe732699739418c98cacf926f69567&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496187116.jpg?k=7f6c0a7f47a5a66e71817455666318df7818c80a896eddf712b1d07ac980b7d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496034593.jpg?k=e683b51cdaa4a64e6fcb70f2f0f5288307d241d34416953cdf6368a068faabe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496035044.jpg?k=fb82d7b745ee57f953dcff66c9358abc067779ed3fdd429110568a8f55fdd674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039660.jpg?k=6198a431eed1529ec7aac8f9ac1c5db1a3cb6ae65bc0adf41a6ff8cea858f776&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (282 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish&Burger 40 m"\n  - "Canada Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ezgi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We stayed for 3 nights with my daughter and son. The location is very central. A clean and comfortable house. The owners are also very understanding people.”"\n  - name: "Sara_magnifico"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottima posizione .vicino al centro . Host gentilissimo”"\n  - name: "Ines"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“prachtig appartement. heel gezellig en ruime plaatsen. In centrum maar toch rustig gelegen.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-urban-blloku-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a living experience. With two well-appointed bedrooms, a modern kitchen equipped with an oven and toaster, and the added convenience of a washing machine, guests are assured of a stay that marries the comforts of home with the luxury of travel. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures entertainment needs are well catered to, while the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the attention to detail that makes a stay here truly exceptional. The apartment's non-smoking and soundproof features further enhance guest comfort, ensuring a peaceful retreat in the bustling city.

For those who appreciate the small pleasures in life, the on-site coffee shop offers a cozy spot to start the day or unwind after a city adventure. 

Situated near notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, guests are perfectly placed to explore the cultural heartbeat of Tirana. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Central Urban Blloku Apartment stands out as an accessible and inviting destination for both leisure and business travelers alike, promising an unforgettable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.