---\ntitle: "Centerscape - Studio by Dion"\ndescription: "Centerscape - Studio by Dion emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167720.jpg?k=96ee95e4a76a4ec116ade87fd4f7509971a69e29b92519f906548aa41e971f99&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: centerscape-studio-by-dion\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi Floor 7, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32968645\n  lng: 19.82240115\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167720.jpg?k=96ee95e4a76a4ec116ade87fd4f7509971a69e29b92519f906548aa41e971f99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167693.jpg?k=4ad3491eef5b79d443489a3aa1c8b89cbfcb8358111088b3012dea6778cbef5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167666.jpg?k=7099e4b1a1232df4026a9dacb3ccc16ad78a2572b46338d2c6da8eed88766e5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167729.jpg?k=b960b1c01649b755ad0eb0911d83f232d59de8aacb21e98374591ed3c100f190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167677.jpg?k=5b72dfd790014cb16bc1114b679d1b25c1f11a94b6c43cd2879d3ec1714ab67e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167752.jpg?k=1a279430e7a970a083e4ba46229ecfd1aeaf71cd1dfbfd6860a8ac7fda56504c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167710.jpg?k=0e0b5300de170c0d6671cd923293674dc286a9c4e4ec397e3892f743e0c42c5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167705.jpg?k=18ac7f8a49524941641c23a3ed57529dee1ed768858a92b0da2a9881516a94ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406167620.jpg?k=51bf7ddfbef8998b2f81244a29539d630e443d75ed264b9aacc46f79c8252f75&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "Europa Caffe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Achillefs"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“I liked the very central location, very well equipped, modern and very clean. An exceptional property owner.”"\n  - name: "Burak"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Amazing Studio, amazing kind host, amazing clean, amazing location. Everything was great. Thanks for my friend 🥰”"\n  - name: "Barbara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento pulito,caldo e con tutto l'occorrente. La comunicazione con l'host è stata chiara e veloce.L'host disponibilissimo ci ha dato suggerimenti sulle attrazioni da visitare. Posizione ottima per visitare la città.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-central-studio-apartment-in-tirana-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting panoramic views of both the city skyline and the surrounding mountains, the property ensures that guests can enjoy the beauty of Tirana from the comfort of their accommodation. Despite its central location, the studio promises a serene retreat with its modern amenities and thoughtful design. The air-conditioned space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, a kitchenette complete with a microwave and fridge, and a bathroom featuring a bidet, catering to all the needs of the modern traveler.

For those who prioritize connectivity, free WiFi is available throughout the stay, and for guests arriving by car, private parking can be secured for an additional fee. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the appeal of Centerscape - Studio by Dion, ensuring a pleasant and healthy stay for all guests.

The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, positions it as an ideal base for guests eager to immerse themselves in the local culture. Moreover, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the studio offers a hassle-free experience for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, Centerscape - Studio by Dion stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the vibrant city of Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.