---\ntitle: "Central apartament"\ndescription: "Central Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Himare."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389444850.jpg?k=7e3c1d983ee262014a79dfd20c376ce89e2fd2a472c0cd7e1e3dd1f558e279ef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: central-apartament\naddress: "Himare, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.1018595\n  lng: 19.74596757\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389444850.jpg?k=7e3c1d983ee262014a79dfd20c376ce89e2fd2a472c0cd7e1e3dd1f558e279ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719122.jpg?k=b64c72700acf841f7a9a7c43ce4c0a07ef4308e79cf43108a9aaf1800ea2be90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719194.jpg?k=713709b3f25d87821503cc360842a4bf7836265cbe1694f4b41de89b24832e0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719203.jpg?k=7ad2b96eb4080a5b89ef2c4eea2da74891bd4186bb8c7423366b51d9e44cbcc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719220.jpg?k=3b2a5b7e6a6c8be8c1fbed219549e3153ef73d46c6597d891d0b732c76e834f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719239.jpg?k=a566741e486200e349b40d4511189a320a2bf7f7633a1caa0fd07daad18ce97a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719120.jpg?k=e42c2f5b13a812f13eda6692453fa9dd2c76bd0164f5d925aaa15623864a1162&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719222.jpg?k=47435799048ded7d1d0c9b54c2e697d0e27f7ade86dc477a0ebbd91db503cfc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454719078.jpg?k=e39bc1ca77c529d21842245255cd81221fdbca96997ce711b2f2e5799ae08a4c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (92 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Merluc 20 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Delight 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 100 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 550 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 950 m"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Danielle"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The location is perfect! The apartment is so close to the beach, restaurants bars, supermarkets, bakeries, and the bus station is basically right across the road. Everything you need is so close. The kitchen was great and had everything we...”"\n  - name: "Philipp"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Hosts were nice and attentive and also gave me a late check out without a problem. The apartment is right in the city center w a short walk to the promenade. I can recommend it.”"\n  - name: "Lefter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This was a really nice place to stay. It was clean and modern. The location was amazing, convenient to anything you could need. Our host was excellent. He was very responsive and accommodating. He went out of his way to make sure we had a great stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a strategic location; it also offers guests a spacious living environment. With a balcony that presents stunning mountain vistas, guests can enjoy the beauty of Himare from the comfort of their accommodation. The apartment is well-appointed, featuring a bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, alongside a shower and a dressing room in the air-conditioned unit, ensures guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay.

For those who appreciate the joy of dining under the sky, the property's outdoor dining area provides the perfect setting for memorable meals. While the apartment ensures a seamless stay with amenities like free WiFi, the convenience extends to the availability of private parking, which can be arranged for an additional charge.

Travelers looking to explore beyond the local beaches will find the Ioannina Airport located 143 km away, making Central Apartment not only an ideal base for beach lovers but also a convenient gateway for further adventures.

In summary, Central Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Himare, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and convenience.