---\ntitle: "center appartment"\ndescription: "Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527095581.jpg?k=0325bc53cb39d71dd536f32a3b78bea8c89710751b16b3609a511c6cbb813344&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: center-appartment\naddress: "Rruga Bajram Tusha, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31401089\n  lng: 19.44502378\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527095581.jpg?k=0325bc53cb39d71dd536f32a3b78bea8c89710751b16b3609a511c6cbb813344&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527095639.jpg?k=95f31d3d7a4a96410f1116b88deec7909f5efe5d566b51d77d233c58a0211ea9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527095644.jpg?k=a7bbd50f7e6fd8b391a63be84bb4d9573b42a63d27ed4a98eb96178f210bafd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527095651.jpg?k=eba724779072a294fd065befab79d247668d5ef66657f2d65017383f3919ae15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527095654.jpg?k=5d6f084cd6f9033ccc5d227265a6edb58b4e1ed0096c73fe70495b61b8be4d9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/landmark/600x400/182768.webp?k=c8d370d0c1408961b38048497e30be7a98ea4bfd51d1b088a5971646e1e2bc93&o="\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Eden 100 m"\n  - "Spaghetteria Luli 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 500 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 200 m"\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 300 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 500 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 750 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-appartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, alongside the luxury of a private balcony and the convenience of complimentary private parking. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, it ensures a clean and healthy stay for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the benefits of free WiFi throughout their stay. The apartment boasts a 1-bedroom layout that is both spacious and elegantly furnished. Entertainment and practical needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine. The kitchen is a highlight, fully equipped and including a minibar, catering to the culinary needs of guests who prefer dining in.

For those interested in exploring beyond the local beaches, Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, offering unique experiences and breathtaking views. Additionally, the convenience of being located 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

Center Apartment, with its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, stands as a top recommendation for those planning a visit to Durrës.