---\ntitle: "Center Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Center Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909139.jpg?k=87ac7b1ec4bc04873e2c8b7ffe406948f17d7731327e48db6a0c9db4253813f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: center-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri P.23 Ap.5/1 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32507714\n  lng: 19.81566585\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909139.jpg?k=87ac7b1ec4bc04873e2c8b7ffe406948f17d7731327e48db6a0c9db4253813f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909186.jpg?k=d43d56338f7e47cc0a4806d623874382fb74c401a5cb1a6cb38497e023a5e3e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486829651.jpg?k=e2305e5acc2cdd40a1a1aa01dccef2f82eda9725a6218ddce60838738be8eba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909208.jpg?k=5efd7d176f9dad5fc28c9bc2e1ee33b9665e0f3edacf80d1a5f4700adfd32949&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486830499.jpg?k=c71a037840a4aa51e913cccce4eef53ae80216f48a0eb3776953b9f0f9bfccdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909193.jpg?k=fe6fa7704234a17b72ba115c9f8a5d055a5e6329be11aa30476afa7269fbdc9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480909203.jpg?k=003b9efeb52e5552ebb8db3fe5d0e0b99e56b719130ced51750725a9fa43b07e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486829568.jpg?k=ae597ba98419f5c9caf70145662866f8b1b2a0be8e1390877ba7d5fa73bf116a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523004137.jpg?k=607295e3ecf30d0179e0d861c7fe4da1f443acc83ce8625c5acedc6642ffd6cb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Eiffel 20 m"\n  - "Hidri Myslym Shyri 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matjaž"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The host was amazing. He also took us up at the airport. Very central location. Highly recommended”"\n  - name: "Agron"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Excellent condition. Free parking but in fairness you don’t need to rent a car because the property is in the town centre.”"\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione centralissima con parcheggio privato (fondamentale in centro a Tirana), appartamento pulito e corrispondente alle foto. Host molto disponibile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-apartment-tirana-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a meticulously designed space that boasts an air of sophistication and tranquility. The apartment features two elegantly appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to every culinary need with a microwave and a coffee machine. The inclusion of a modern bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower and complimentary slippers ensures a stay that marries luxury with the comforts of home. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, complete with streaming services, ensuring guests are entertained after a day of exploring Tirana.

The property prides itself on offering serene inner courtyard views, allowing guests to unwind in a peaceful setting. Despite its tranquil ambiance, Center Apartment Tirana is conveniently located near some of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, ensuring easy access for international guests.

With its combination of strategic location, well-appointed accommodations, and proximity to key attractions, Center Apartment Tirana stands as a distinguished option for those looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana.