---\ntitle: "CharmAntique Apartments"\ndescription: "CharmAntique Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575921.jpg?k=bc2b77f4c210a5eb90a525f822a826b91f4c2f62aa11b72fe71b6641bdf122a6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: charmantique-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Hoxhë Vokrri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33218437\n  lng: 19.82777453\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575921.jpg?k=bc2b77f4c210a5eb90a525f822a826b91f4c2f62aa11b72fe71b6641bdf122a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497576006.jpg?k=e66911b9a705911653675e94ed376661a275b6bbda30a41d1d7020a630d1003d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575977.jpg?k=769a8bd0e3346a8aaaabbf2874493b40640efd5cf6d18f16fa21f5d199b306a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575993.jpg?k=c3d70f46737948eb88dbb70130b5e70d169e75ab5de0d6c011f43134da9e964a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575879.jpg?k=267b71a7c7b7cd775ed1441b36f65e24abfb5b8c9a5cf8be8a9e10bd64a1c5bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497575865.jpg?k=9b22478fab932ef087472dcaf25b76b59d5d26b9b00db444f8f6b42f5b833767&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Retro Bar & Grill 50 m"\n  - "Iron Brush 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Seann"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent value and incredible customer service. Apartment was very clean and modern. Highly Redford to stay here:”"\n  - name: "James"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Absolutely stunning apartment in the centre of Tirana, very spacious and incredibly comfortable full of everything you need for a stay in the city. Located a short walk from many restaurants cafes and bars it’s a perfect apartment in a perfect...”"\n  - name: "Filip"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice view over the city from 8th floor, clean apartment, easy self check-in/check-out.
Walking distance to the market place where a lot of barbecue restaurants are located. Short walk to the city center, slightly longer walk to Blloku where more...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/charmantique-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments boast a thoughtful array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of each guest. From the tranquility of soundproof rooms to the modern comforts of air conditioning, flat-screen TVs equipped with streaming services, and complimentary WiFi that blankets the entire property, CharmAntique Apartments ensures a seamless and connected stay. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and the added luxury of a private bathroom with a bidet, slippers, and hair dryer in each unit, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort and autonomy.

Beyond the confines of these well-appointed accommodations, guests are treated to captivating views of the city and the tranquility of quiet street scenes, with some units offering the added bonus of mountain vistas. The terrace serves as a serene retreat where one can unwind and soak in the ambiance of Tirana.

For those looking to explore, the property is conveniently located near cultural landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, the Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and entertainment. Additionally, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, adds to the seamless experience of staying at CharmAntique Apartments.

In summary, CharmAntique Apartments stands out as a premier choice for those who value the fusion of historical charm and modern convenience, all wrapped up in a location that invites exploration and discovery.