---\ntitle: "Charm Hotel"\ndescription: "Charm Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, situated just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach and a leisurely stroll from Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506531466.jpg?k=d6cfac332c322674bb67b5da106660cac7d144df9e2c81715097fec4fe81fd7b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: charm-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44419631\n  lng: 19.49543717\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506531466.jpg?k=d6cfac332c322674bb67b5da106660cac7d144df9e2c81715097fec4fe81fd7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480582519.jpg?k=a20a197a5c324bd10a07d7aac9d85f3e2774180c32c7b9b0a9191a3aeb8b81fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506508395.jpg?k=ee193a28bf1bea76ffde286c0cb73ffca4aa4d9c219fc602e181d054481f13b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506529508.jpg?k=ba977fa8a739fe4de4c014739567999bae74486a58e90a2612535e2c87097819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481166961.jpg?k=f25c12b258c4f8e6ea921d03d9e652c564923d0870d09765fd7016751d464aa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481166963.jpg?k=876e46263a3fe2e00455be39991903e390f91561dcb9555f4b9cc4f44abd43e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marinero Pizzeria 40 m"\n  - "Amo Pizza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 950 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 900 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The hotel is new and very tidy, the room was big enough and comfortable. The serve breakfast in the room, so you can have it privatly on your balcony. The location is perfect to get around.”"\n  - name: "Luis"\n    country: "Costa Rica"\n    text: "“The hotel is super clean, staff is extremely helpful, the location is just perfect. Breakfast was amazing, the room was clean, everything was spotless.
I totally recommend this amazing hotel if you are in Vlora!.”"\n  - name: "Denise"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff, nice breakfast, comfortable beds, very clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/charm.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's thoughtful provision of a shared kitchen and room service caters to the culinary needs of its guests, while the availability of a currency exchange service adds an extra layer of convenience to the international traveler's experience. The rooms, designed with the guest's comfort in mind, feature essential amenities such as a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV. Select accommodations also boast a balcony, offering a private space to unwind and soak in the surroundings.

Morning at Charm Hotel begins on a high note with a choice between an à la carte or continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, Spanish, and Italian, stands ready at the reception to assist guests, ensuring a stay that is as seamless as it is enjoyable.

Located a brief drive from the serene Vjetër Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba, the hotel serves as an ideal base for guests eager to explore the local sights. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, with the hotel offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. Charm Hotel, with its strategic location and comprehensive amenities, positions itself as a top-tier choice for travelers to Vlorë.