---\ntitle: "Cheap and Cozy Apartments for rent in Durres 100m by the beach"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at Cheap and Cozy Apartments, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597458.jpg?k=5bae891bafaea74dbe8e90a2ad12f1208bd3e145fa6bcd66f3a9cb3aa9b06837&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cheap-and-cozy-apartments-for-rent-in-durres-100m-by-the-beach\naddress: "Lagjia 13 5°, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30656135\n  lng: 19.49258922\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597458.jpg?k=5bae891bafaea74dbe8e90a2ad12f1208bd3e145fa6bcd66f3a9cb3aa9b06837&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597652.jpg?k=a5c73f2219eb00d73e5ffb3391a133d931a5dc48064cf0d0ad6ba38c801aab72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597605.jpg?k=02e0860bc4070475f9cbb85ac5fce6744e6b82f9116ce5f17730da35b9a2d682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597561.jpg?k=a52743b93fce0a6dcb731f5c35041cafc71a5dca4f56d0d54572f2c8669f283a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597581.jpg?k=285bb10267690413b320d839ecb44d798da3a920af72e739abbc3a3e8a9661ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597545.jpg?k=cfaf318037018c1dab31fd57f33ef3c69679ee31622ba619338b8755abb36251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597621.jpg?k=01475e153d8bcde2a867f717d3db5420749753edda8ba74ed1fef7b9eac40f49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597537.jpg?k=6c009017603575ee980d2fcb4e0bceabf70f563ad344f8ca56bb4191905522df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478597521.jpg?k=7dc4f66b9fea759a8ce16d5518346e267ef18e3745b1f97afff692ecd7c6b9b5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Radioss 10 m"\n  - "Delfin Tetova Durres 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Clean comfortable and close to the beach and cafes. It was very good value accomodation.”"\n  - name: "Gabriele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottima scelta posizione centrale proprietario persona sempre disponibile per qualsiasi cosa molto volentieri ci ritorno anno prossimo la consiglio vivamente”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cheap-and-cozy-apartments-for-rent-in-durres-100m-by-the-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring air-conditioned spaces complemented by a balcony that opens up to either pool or city views, ensuring a serene backdrop to your stay. With the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 42 km away and the ancient Durres Amphitheatre just 6.8 km from the doorstep, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the rich tapestry of history and nature that Albania has to offer.

Accommodation at Cheap and Cozy Apartments is thoughtfully equipped with a bedroom, a bathroom, and essential amenities including bed linen, towels, and a satellite TV for those moments of relaxation indoors. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, whether it's a quick breakfast before a day of exploration or a leisurely dinner with sea views from the terrace. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity during your stay.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Rock of Kavaje, located just 4.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty of the region. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha stands 39 km from the apartment, presenting an intriguing historical visit. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 33 km away, making Cheap and Cozy Apartments an ideal base for both short getaways and extended stays in Durres.