---\ntitle: "CHEAP AND COMFORTABLE APARTMENT AT SEASIDE"\ndescription: "CHEAP AND COMFORTABLE APARTMENT AT SEASIDE emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and leisure in Vlorë, a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach and a brief stroll from Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465930558.jpg?k=c71dc026ad53844e6b80e7ea720cca32d5619561014153ba59824ebcc76b6b40&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cheap-and-comfortable-apartment-at-seaside\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44407637\n  lng: 19.4952861\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 7.1\n  staff: 7.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465930558.jpg?k=c71dc026ad53844e6b80e7ea720cca32d5619561014153ba59824ebcc76b6b40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/281025136.jpg?k=400a072a782c72d598992d9a6453daa40a14b142886c558a703d4118a1af3e1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/281025366.jpg?k=98f1ef225b52b362dd454d4c6d48ee3001bf83c25bf862a52e161367579aad50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/281025394.jpg?k=39d698f6ebf111ed5c4d84848215463d9bb5bcdfee1cf6f678cc84a3ee71b08d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/281025307.jpg?k=62de699e66f10349a3e03397037e64157e53e361d735480d9ba184f3f9114b44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/281025237.jpg?k=29fd5151a5e9bce19de9c29e06cb31c17bf3341386cd4535d7e30dd2298ad88d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/281025189.jpg?k=9d1c5d21bb7b105a91c4542aeb8ccf5069ac76a4b4f32f6b91a3e3ee102c632a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/281025077.jpg?k=a8b93d642c49410b00b63bceea68d0b91d849178c1d24b27573373ce67a855e0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marinero Pizzeria 40 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 40 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 950 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 850 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cheap-and-comfortable-apartment-at-seaside.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on a suite of services designed to enhance the guest experience, including a welcoming restaurant, round-the-clock front desk support, and the convenience of an elevator, all enveloped in complimentary WiFi access across the premises. Families will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a children's playground, while the provision of on-site parking and an electric vehicle charging station speaks to the apartment's commitment to guest convenience and environmental consciousness.

Accommodation at this apartment is thoughtfully appointed with a single bedroom and bathroom, ensuring comfort with quality bed linen and towels. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and the inclusion of a Nintendo Wii, PS3, and an iPad ensures that leisure time is well catered for. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to feel at home, while the terrace offers breathtaking mountain views. Notably, the apartment is an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

Additional amenities include a snack bar, grocery delivery service, and the option for packed lunches, alongside a convenient minimarket. The apartment's location encourages guests to immerse themselves in outdoor activities, with fishing, canoeing, and hiking readily accessible. Those inclined towards more adrenaline-fueled pursuits will find windsurfing and diving opportunities nearby. The provision of a car rental service, a private beach area, and water sports facilities directly on-site further underscores the apartment's appeal to adventure-seekers and relaxation enthusiasts alike.

Situated merely 2.1 km from Vjetër Beach and 3.1 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, the apartment's location offers a perfect base for exploring the local area. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 152 km away, making CHEAP AND COMFORTABLE APARTMENT AT SEASIDE an accessible retreat for both domestic and international guests seeking the ultimate seaside getaway in Vlorë.