---\ntitle: "Cheerful 2-bedroom apartment in Golem"\ndescription: "Cheerful 2-bedroom Apartment in Golem emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience a short stroll from the serene Golem and Mali I Robit Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454190971.jpg?k=4797d7456bcf276556b343ce687a42c10484eebabda91f196405b709811e993a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cheerful-2-bedroom-apartment-in-golem\naddress: "Bulevardi Pishave Golem, ( in front of Hotel Murrizi) Apartment 7, second Floor, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25382135\n  lng: 19.52090685\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454190971.jpg?k=4797d7456bcf276556b343ce687a42c10484eebabda91f196405b709811e993a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377084086.jpg?k=fc0745d998167fcfb742b18f718367382744505b4ca83a4b2f82b2ea87ee15bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375762386.jpg?k=922c4bacddeb6426bdce2f29c891eac6f32e4a332462bd204c3d79be6089d502&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377084031.jpg?k=d804681748f521cb04e93a9f17f5c9fd72a46af264a052e96bd1c79f863836fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377083924.jpg?k=9851262e623ac21b0c97c8e28209d8590e3cb3ac6787b9b4befca2fe7b30cc30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376821273.jpg?k=25eec93dcd3a1b5aee895f2cb84d6dec5d55236e8e25885b1e374c062462e83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375762326.jpg?k=1dffe44784c45ca9d00c882c56ef3b65686559a22d44537252fb0b4baef8bdfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376821047.jpg?k=79e818a8860334fa4142016983619dade117651890bbe6c8ed0336fdbeb4c5c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376960685.jpg?k=16f5931d5cabe16b918e2df77e7616b0ef3f99757150737f589083c910765eed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pashtriku 150 m"\n  - "al&Ri 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 50 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 650 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jaroslaw"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetny, czysty, nowocześnie urządzony apartament z bardzo pomocną obsługą. Białe ręczniki i pościel, właściciele szybko reagujący na prośby gości. Szybkie wi-fi, blisko do morza, restauracji i sklepów. Bardzo dobrze spędzony czas. Dziękuję!”"\n  - name: "Dumitru-samuel"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartment is nice, big and comfortable, situated in a nice area, very close to the beach.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Apartamento bien ubicado, cómodo y todo nuevo. La cama es muy cómoda y la zona de comedor también. Muy espacioso. El WiFi muy bueno y para nosotros es muy importante ya que viajamos y trabajamos y debemos estar conectados. La anfitriona siempre...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cheerful-2-bedroom-home-in-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area designed for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. The heart of this apartment is its fully equipped kitchen, paired with a dining area that opens up to a balcony offering serene garden views. The option to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area, overlooking the property's inner courtyard, adds a touch of charm to meal times.

Situated 47 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and a mere 5.4 km from the iconic Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to delve into the region's rich cultural tapestry. For those traveling by air, the convenience of being just 41 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport further enhances the appeal of Cheerful 2-bedroom Apartment in Golem as a choice accommodation for both short and extended stays in the area.