---\ntitle: "Cherry Apartment"\ndescription: "Cherry Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481894914.jpg?k=66ae544506e8105e1c560adcc1ef0f2d64f0c60948f928950d9b32840a82b863&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cherry-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33109873\n  lng: 19.82194127\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481894914.jpg?k=66ae544506e8105e1c560adcc1ef0f2d64f0c60948f928950d9b32840a82b863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895114.jpg?k=1240eb9671a109ff4beabaa6d32bd4434146c4773e02b3abf18a65e3ee7b4d71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895062.jpg?k=ea8a167dc14e78f47fa80f06c734d773afccf6e12926ad9466bc17b32d066843&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895073.jpg?k=d6c45cd12de27c0f57c8b07df540fa8794cb4fde747f64df16987891f7298c04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895105.jpg?k=b2ba1524c5cd41f230737530005f119c010d1ab18d5fb0f785bdc7c3922cf4e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895093.jpg?k=c2881f3cc4d6f130f2e6fda412e5b957ed1b46012c353f203493da0102d6f65e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895099.jpg?k=3b82e85f39345d4b9af7e12840587ce2ff5abe1d09ddd096b3a1eaf2cc7dede0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481895030.jpg?k=9665c269113128f796c36aabf8cd0650a61502da75aaaae9a8c183efdfc712dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481894979.jpg?k=62c5c80fafe1daaf375852dc067f188d8a9203cf1232a1a7035e95ad0070b49e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (92 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "LAngolo 40 m"\n  - "Pizaa 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Raul was an amazing host. He goes out of his way and makes sure that all your needs are covered.
Really prompt and easy to get in touch with anytime you had a question.
The accomodation was really nice, clean and tidy. It was perfect for me, my...”"\n  - name: "Shiringul"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It is a nicely designed apartment in the city centre, but in a calm and quiet corner. I contacted the host and they met me and provided to the place. It smelled pleasant inside, the bed linen and towels were snow white. A thing to improve is: to...”"\n  - name: "Donald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect: the location, the apartment itself, the owner. The apartment was very clean and comfortable. I will come back here for sure ☺️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cherrys-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious sanctuary complete with a balcony that presents captivating city views. The apartment is well-appointed with a bedroom, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a microwave and toaster for those morning or late-night cravings. Additionally, the convenience of a bathroom equipped with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay. For those concerned about health and safety, it's worth noting that the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

For guests looking to explore the area at their own pace, Cherry Apartment facilitates this adventure by offering a car rental service directly from the premises. This feature is particularly beneficial for those eager to discover the city's must-visit sites, such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, all located within close proximity.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi available throughout the property. Moreover, Skanderbeg Square is just 600 meters away, making it an ideal spot for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and vibrancy of Tirana.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 14 km away, with the apartment offering a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless transfer experience.

In summary, Cherry Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and connectivity, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.