---\ntitle: "Chill Out Apartment"\ndescription: "Chill Out Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242390878.jpg?k=99dfbcec8f315de1122b68b14222f7e1a0013d2154a4fb23a202d737238cba44&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: chill-out-apartment\naddress: "RRUGA BUTRINTI, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85948525\n  lng: 20.02073564\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242390878.jpg?k=99dfbcec8f315de1122b68b14222f7e1a0013d2154a4fb23a202d737238cba44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391117.jpg?k=cb9a5eccda22ab42ea2a0d3a98202a1c1baf40f66b9175d0675c22e00e4f012f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242390980.jpg?k=26e193732e20fb414f3edce300ca038dcdf656521082a4e0fe65553ff634ba0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391136.jpg?k=a4d3d2e837dce1301c1e2b3fc4fa92c336736b1a69beacbbe812f6b6017f9455&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391169.jpg?k=ba2f9e764b60358a61ef14f07e35c79cf1080970257669ca1423598c23f127b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391041.jpg?k=c1a5f38a1aba855895efa974c4114fd73ed79a5e139bc43563e58030aa1c4020&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391086.jpg?k=8f7eba4da3a9655f09ce5501336e342f9111240f341ba897fed07233c8edac4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242390990.jpg?k=71eea3a2782c7c2155be0c74c0fc89e886ba4b27e74d7ccf9eea58ee5c7bab96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242391185.jpg?k=450695002ae6d578fb656568343f5ffc65f080cb6cb3bc8ce3dbacdb38ad95c7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koral 10 m"\n  - "The Meat House Sarande 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 400 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 600 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grohen81"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was wonderful about the appartement. It is really a chill out atmosphere. The room had everything we needed and the view was amazing. The location could not be better, not to busy but what you need is in the neighborhood. Would...”"\n  - name: "Zhenia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento molto bello,grande e pulito. Una vista meravigliosa. Con tutto il necessario. Garage e comodo ai servizi. Siamo stati molto contenti”"\n  - name: "Tetiana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Чудесный отдых в потрясающем месте!!!Прекрасная современная большая квартира. На кухне есть все, что может понадобиться для короткого или длительного пребывания. В спальне очень удобные матрасы. Есть два больших балкона с великолепным видом на...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/chill-out-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned accommodations that boast not only a balcony with sweeping sea views but also a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Each apartment is equipped with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The convenience of a coffee machine and kettle adds a touch of home comfort, while the private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring privacy and ease.

The property prides itself on its family-friendly rooms and the added bonus of a terrace, where guests can soak up the sun or enjoy a quiet evening under the stars. For those who value connectivity and convenience, free WiFi and private parking are available, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Beyond the confines of Chill Out Apartment, guests will find Mango Beach and Maestral Beach within walking distance, offering more opportunities for seaside relaxation and adventure. For those looking to explore beyond Sarandë, Ioannina Airport is located 96 km away, making it a convenient gateway for international travelers.

With its thoughtful amenities and prime location, Chill Out Apartment stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable.