---\ntitle: "Chlo apartment 1 Tirane"\ndescription: "Chlo Apartment 1 Tirane emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367829638.jpg?k=0617e9dedf759b574281c7df8d64d7f0575067e08a2f8d298954c6125635406b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: chlo-apartment-1-tirane\naddress: "Rruga Manol Konomi , pallati 10 , nr 1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33131166\n  lng: 19.82717824\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 77\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367829638.jpg?k=0617e9dedf759b574281c7df8d64d7f0575067e08a2f8d298954c6125635406b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364858921.jpg?k=f23b1402feee2cbf981648b9b625b18fa50ba3db23f44e74a2d889a256f22878&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364859364.jpg?k=7141f86c407ffb6bafac832a98fa1e8a0bf889f658b5c4bd4d6f5a9ceedba98b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363274560.jpg?k=9ba2bc1dcfa17e532c488ec188b0d211072af11b510db6c4fc562247c51be35b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364859190.jpg?k=08fbf8017dc709b286c777c415c311a7e4de59b4f157c990edd8746cde5a8af9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363297384.jpg?k=beffa69abde883c3e3781046e9fb1a838b3cfc5cebf290d711fa5f8991daefcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364859128.jpg?k=50ba61e90a40dbd468ad02c228c92abd482dde2bc91fd73904c37b83b4d2c0d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364859430.jpg?k=0fa7c56110fa2ac4f6d8c253ad0447f76529410ccd15c4d779bac803d0ecab8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861346.jpg?k=a6f6aa767095d9354993df2f020ae86e1cddcf4b9129da8398878620d57d2f1c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iron Brush 30 m"\n  - "Vila Lasku 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patrik"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Apartment was perfectly prepared. Everything was clean. An owner communicated with me before an arrival and provided me all necessary information.”"\n  - name: "Ashley"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is centrally-located, yet on quiet side street which makes it ideal for silence at night. You can reach Skanderbeg Square on foot in under 10 minutes, and the neighbourhood offers all sorts of services for visitors (currency...”"\n  - name: "Berkay"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Ola is amazing host. Every information she gave us is so clear. Well equiped and really clean room. You can find out whatever you want for a room. Comfortable bed and clean sheets. Thank you Ola!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-apartment-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis recently renovated apartment is a haven of tranquility, offering guests a serene retreat with its balcony that boasts quiet street views. The accommodation is thoughtfully furnished, featuring a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a fridge. The inclusion of a modern bathroom with a shower, complemented by the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a comfortable stay.

For those keen on exploring the local culture and shopping scenes, Chlo Apartment 1 Tirane is ideally situated near the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 15 km away.

Offering a blend of modern amenities and a prime location, Chlo Apartment 1 Tirane is a non-smoking property that caters to the needs of both leisure and business travelers, promising an unforgettable stay in the vibrant city of Tirana.