---\ntitle: "Christi's Hotel Borova"\ndescription: "Christi's Hotel Borova, situated a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Korçë, offering guests a 4-star experience that goes beyond the ordinary."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274553895.jpg?k=a42070db63e4d7941e4141ff93db673f8968b7a960b6e9479edc2190699ac612&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: christi-s-hotel-borova\naddress: "Rruga 6 Deshmoret, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61555135\n  lng: 20.77885638\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 221\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274553895.jpg?k=a42070db63e4d7941e4141ff93db673f8968b7a960b6e9479edc2190699ac612&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327147084.jpg?k=3519998e06a3ba88b0610477dede1156d603d803a4195396abf56293e3de905e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366812582.jpg?k=9f0ab4edeca827a1223ba9f6707ea643e42d40062c93110d18bc7d0e0a9c3adb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327147167.jpg?k=434d6a6b67220dc796318c264e062338e6a5cb69ea274d1e30f4234ea3525f5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327142772.jpg?k=d7fa3164a5d88ad9ccb264fb9daa858a74fd675e9fbeb67c29b300aa45eb920c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327142785.jpg?k=587edd592f49acd665957490cae7450fe24a7e3e7c3824f4ddc23fa233a57db1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327144099.jpg?k=c741f44d843a30b18d1976e31b10369dd635ae6c197fb08ccb23754acee51f01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327143471.jpg?k=8f3ef1e69424887124e6e0c34a0822794675432901c9faaf774322cb435e5c31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327143596.jpg?k=e3cc03b19087338b3c5a2ac6e7cf983421d56f952c019fb12322ebe0e9d3a657&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill Vasport 100 m"\n  - "Helzag 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 150 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 350 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 450 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Senad"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Best hotel in Korce. Small family hotel. Perfect location. Good internet. Room with balcony. Friendly stuff..”"\n  - name: "Jonida"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“- perfect location
- everything was clean
- the food was awesome, fresh and tasty, lots of choices - friendly and helpful staff :)”"\n  - name: "Senad"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Nice and clean rooms. Friendly stuff ready to help, give info and support you.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/borova.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nThe commitment to guest convenience is evident through the provision of room service and a 24-hour front desk, complemented by the seamless connectivity of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those looking to unwind with a beverage, the snack bar presents an inviting option.

Accommodations at Christi's Hotel Borova are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room boasts a wardrobe and air conditioning for ultimate comfort, alongside a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start and end to each day. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax and rejuvenate.

For those interested in exploring the local culture and history, the Monastery Saint Naum is located just 43 km away, making for an easy and enriching day trip. Additionally, the proximity to Kastoria National Airport, 71 km away, facilitates a hassle-free travel experience to and from the hotel.

Christi's Hotel Borova emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their visit to Korçë.