---\ntitle: "CIAK APARTMENT"\ndescription: "CIAK APARTMENT emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421371055.jpg?k=ef10500f4212224312a2e271b04096bf9fa619141680680db190a4bb7ab5894e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ciak-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32539455\n  lng: 19.82899912\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421371055.jpg?k=ef10500f4212224312a2e271b04096bf9fa619141680680db190a4bb7ab5894e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421207461.jpg?k=a4adf91b321a9eeebf6b343faebdc42b1a9686c1b33ea735ea2a34ec02c94426&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421352600.jpg?k=819b8f746a47071aba067f1b4e80048d92ba486a8b1dbbcecb8fca1050f4fbce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421370685.jpg?k=970a045ccc902474fb9ef33d269d810d556b923e0484a555a687739e5a33601b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421207471.jpg?k=bf5b535ef196922c5f5f7c6655e479c1d63d77adc52903c808a4f98bc4cd5165&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468460117.jpg?k=b57dcccc52bcc542629e62bcd2c3bb2a24bb4c5ce251a62e36c3f09c88ff3a78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421373089.jpg?k=9b07d25cca25f4039a50996c408c68e9f14ffc7480fca728bb3609537710c333&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468460283.jpg?k=1fc3b89ec97772715ae288f182a3698db17004f518ccadad348deb0b3cee50e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425172812.jpg?k=425cf95497726398e0af455e4ee08803078efc0aa6995f1dd139f0bd79f8b4ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Meta 50 m"\n  - "The Basement 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Greg"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The apartment is surrounded by green grocers, cafes, restaurants and more. A 15 minute walk brings you into the central area where you’ll also find a few Conads, a large grocery store. The owner lives upstairs and was quick to respond to my...”"\n  - name: "Morgana"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is placed in a very strategic position, 10 minutes by walk to the Skanderbeg and close to every shop, bar and other places needed. The street upside is lovely with s beautiful market open all days.”"\n  - name: "Marise"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The location was fabulous… above morning markets, street vendors & cafes… buzzy atmosphere that all shut down by 10pm … I was only going to stay 2 nights and i stayed 4”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ciak-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring a cozy bedroom, a pristine bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, and a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and a dining space. The fully equipped kitchen invites guests to feel at home, preparing meals at their leisure, while the balcony offers serene mountain views, providing a tranquil backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. Additionally, the view of the well-maintained garden adds a touch of tranquility to the urban dwelling.

For those looking to unwind with a drink, the on-site bar serves as a convenient spot to relax after a day of exploration. CIAK APARTMENT is ideally positioned for guests eager to explore Tirana's cultural scene, with the Toptani Shopping Centre, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the whimsical Reja - The Cloud installation all within easy reach. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 16 km away, makes for a hassle-free arrival and departure.

In summary, CIAK APARTMENT offers a harmonious blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and serene living spaces, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a home-like setting.