---\ntitle: "Cico Apartment"\ndescription: "Cico Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091175.jpg?k=87b24563b24fc609361e27607753be6028fac14f601dfd8df360775ad954acbd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cico-apartment\naddress: "105 Rruga Ali Visha, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32296941\n  lng: 19.8366459\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091175.jpg?k=87b24563b24fc609361e27607753be6028fac14f601dfd8df360775ad954acbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091591.jpg?k=e175f03cf45ac5e448faefb971f272d8e46bb56fc9cd806d0a3a9c220665e564&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091499.jpg?k=ca20430f69b5ca4ec8cb803e69b4f3056aad53ebe3484d71baa23c32886b2caa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091432.jpg?k=02cade636b1acdd2edc8dd1b9251e07857848a46e14327a07a838d0c1ad20995&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091394.jpg?k=d05c162abf18fa7a21b1f6fc408fa195861cfdb8d9d0af7a896da10b195254b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091295.jpg?k=3137ede735f064dcc14251843c3a38a9c29bcba9ad67479bbf4ef269c37b49aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091128.jpg?k=917ad627fcc43e87eeb878d981c371d3fef202b673a3532c1fe4a4659d262569&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513091074.jpg?k=cef07ed74c0aec7c24016e4e55bdedc2d9e873a18eb244f5355d7c2e8ff64956&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Iris 250 m"\n  - "Bistro Pizzeria 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paulina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“New apartament with really helpful owner. We really appreciated the holidays. Nearly apartment is a a market, barber, gym, cafeterias and restaurants. Really close to the city centre. I fully recommend this place”"\n  - name: "Aimilios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The location was really good, the neighborhood was quiet but nearby there were a lot of markets, you can find parking nearby easy. The apartment was really big and clean, a lot of towels, blankets and pillows. Friendly and helpful owners. We...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eri-apartment-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, ensuring a comfortable stay. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of towels and bed linen, adding a touch of home-like comfort. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to privacy and ease of access.

Connectivity is seamless, with complimentary WiFi enveloping the premises, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. A mere 2.3 km away, Skanderbeg Square invites visitors to immerse themselves in the local culture and social scene.

For those keen on exploring further, Cico Apartment is conveniently situated near Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, offering a diverse mix of cultural, shopping, and artistic experiences. The Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 17 km away, provides effortless connectivity for international travelers, making Cico Apartment an ideal base for both short-term visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.