---\ntitle: "Cityscape Saranda"\ndescription: "Cityscape Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a short stroll from the vibrant Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463330409.jpg?k=bcd5588f1adf2e2847431e170b84582591efeaf0a7fcd17888474f965afd407f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cityscape-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87366721\n  lng: 20.00155077\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 6.9\nratingWords: "Average"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 6.9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 6.8\n  facilities: 5.6\n  value: 6.4\n  comfort: 6.6\n  staff: 7.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463330409.jpg?k=bcd5588f1adf2e2847431e170b84582591efeaf0a7fcd17888474f965afd407f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463840071.jpg?k=445a55f62b4cdd0a8113f65ae1919c3d185ea7b4fa8b6a05038e2b94ebed12d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463837994.jpg?k=4dfb17ac2ea4fca6882329b8a0e4cfe3ec013b434ae321fbe21f27b322f41d7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463330439.jpg?k=6671329c20d062699d6fe1d19ffc4be248ec86feb4b6faf5e6d2166da177485b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463330414.jpg?k=8edf827c51f325bb5ca3b58e147d52542ce9c3b48e1272b847406178daad5407&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463838003.jpg?k=b6cfd026d50df59f5ea65b83f40f4fead3997f06273308b1bda850dfbdd4eacf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Nepsi 40 m"\n  - "Beach Bar Sokrat Lapa 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 650 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cityscape-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Cityscape Saranda are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to cater to the needs of every guest. Each unit boasts air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment regardless of the weather outside. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV with satellite channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Practicalities are not overlooked, with a toaster and kettle provided for in-room dining convenience, and a wardrobe for storage. The attention to detail extends to the provision of slippers and a hairdryer, adding a touch of home comfort to the private bathrooms. Select apartments further enhance the living experience with additional seating areas, offering a spacious environment for families or groups.

For those looking to explore the local area, the apartment complex offers a bicycle rental service, making it easy to venture out and discover the nearby attractions. Saranda City Beach and La Petite Beach are within easy reach, offering different atmospheres for beach enthusiasts to enjoy. Moreover, the convenience of a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay.

Situated 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Cityscape Saranda presents a compelling option for both short and extended stays, providing all the essentials for a comfortable and enjoyable visit to Saranda. With its combination of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a memorable stay, this apartment complex stands out as a top recommendation for travelers to the area.