---\ntitle: "City center friendly apt-5min walk Skanderbeg Square"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the City Center Friendly Apartment, a prime location for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862528.jpg?k=ffd0ed29c8928e2e29d859a17615d36e703fb9c3b646914c405bbd7757e17748&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-friendly-apt-5min-walk-skanderbeg-square\naddress: "Rruga Zenel Baboçi 7 floor number 24, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33306439\n  lng: 19.8215749\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862528.jpg?k=ffd0ed29c8928e2e29d859a17615d36e703fb9c3b646914c405bbd7757e17748&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862697.jpg?k=d4316f6637217450fa77d57770b12c1b6262ac13f6686bffa0565a01dfd588fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862693.jpg?k=d6563b7a49316710257b32a81c71181723a51f10e5f9a76bdeef60330f347cad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862677.jpg?k=6d453774432dece59f7948575b9ee2b114b49ffb663703c8e55407079b6837ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862738.jpg?k=2aa9c26c2e09a84eaf24cf2a2d437647a60642ae6ba7671fafb46d0a9bb4c953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862729.jpg?k=0bc4f3068d170596d05a3ac480793496530dd60b29d6d4cc383804324385d1ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862612.jpg?k=517be0f5e11b16e2745aa81f88014cb2fe12036b6e8e16c75170ab42fd36fef6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862710.jpg?k=c8742ab5974c361e25c93400333dffa853c2748f856813aa230a4dd8fd6428b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525862621.jpg?k=82f538e1611f7823617e11f4a44e05921aa8bdda8cec9c1df83173a9a3dfd625&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 20 m"\n  - "Bujtina E Diellit 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-friendly-apt-5min-walk-skanderbeg-square.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a welcoming atmosphere with its air-conditioned spaces, ensuring a pleasant retreat from the bustling city life. Guests will find themselves in a thoughtfully arranged space, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those inspired to cook, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are also met with the provision of a flat-screen TV, complemented by free WiFi available throughout the property, keeping guests connected and entertained.

For those eager to dive into the local scene, the apartment is conveniently located near several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History, and the Toptani Shopping Centre are all within close proximity, offering a diverse mix of cultural, historical, and retail experiences. Moreover, the Rock of Kavaje, a notable landmark, is also within a manageable distance for those looking to venture a bit further.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 14 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. Notably, the accommodation is a non-smoking environment, ensuring a clean and fresh setting for all guests.

In summary, the City Center Friendly Apartment stands out as a top choice for travelers who value the blend of strategic location, comfort, and the convenience of having Tirana's treasures at their doorstep. Whether it's for the culture enthusiast, the shopping aficionado, or the history buff, this apartment serves as a perfect home away from home in the vibrant heart of Tirana.