---\ntitle: "City Central Apartment 2"\ndescription: "City Central Apartment 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305868.jpg?k=a090716439fa098bcb72b15208fc6bdc3dd9dc0c4cfb960c5847a3aa4f298209&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-central-apartment-2\naddress: "Rruga Xhorxhi Martini, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32838958\n  lng: 19.82441785\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305868.jpg?k=a090716439fa098bcb72b15208fc6bdc3dd9dc0c4cfb960c5847a3aa4f298209&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305906.jpg?k=028131b79c28f1847f8b4fb04015178a2d7c1ef0e955b7a23d039742d3f8ca9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442307493.jpg?k=fc8371d14f0af587ebeb12a4c97c5302e3e9fda3d55207222acb479e066d2f8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305886.jpg?k=58463f74c09843de4a036876391989b830583f7ce5adf1f3c1837fe998b7e939&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442306750.jpg?k=da26c13b718d7968bd1a39f3c55c58c94927bf206d7e942feecf3ba6ea2faf5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305895.jpg?k=d7cb8675625fbf85e3aa4b5a08c2dccd5f75761506ac0323cb610b154f32f1c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442305893.jpg?k=7a22cb0693a332b0cacf5900b08fb1e04af50d069393be1cab1ba45322b67c85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442307620.jpg?k=035e80d5531015890a7439a65dfdb7358e3c79697fd70666735534dc97d603da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442307140.jpg?k=a11797aca787695f51fb407b8a70bdb6ba705da1faf191523a59dd98b2490e55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lavazza 50 m"\n  - "Andi̇ Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iryna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The location is great, it's spacious, you can pay in Euros, self check in, nice view but the curtain is always closed and fixed, you can't fully open it to let sunlight inside the apartment”"\n  - name: "Kathryn"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Location was perfect! We are young senior's so appreciated the elevator, the buses were easy to access, close to market, restaurants and right near Skanderberg Square and grocery stores. Would highly recommend! Truly a city center apartment!”"\n  - name: "Çırak"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The house is very spacious and has everything you are looking for, very clean. Even the seats etc were very clean. The host reached us from the front and helped us with the address. The location was very good as it was right in the center.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-central-apartment-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis generously sized apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a microwave and toaster. The convenience of having a washing machine on-site, coupled with the option to request towels and linens, adds to the hassle-free experience of staying here. Not to mention, the luxury of two bathrooms, one of which boasts a hot tub, elevates the comfort level.

Guests will appreciate the apartment's strategic location, which not only provides stunning city views but also places them in close proximity to notable landmarks such as the Toptani Shopping Centre, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is merely 14 km away, making City Central Apartment 2 an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.

In summary, City Central Apartment 2 stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a home-like setting.