---\ntitle: "CityCentreFlat Tirana"\ndescription: "CityCentreFlat Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446156996.jpg?k=efd9da703a07339c5a8a6837bffef200e372b16dade0032d5148fe1ad35b0d26&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: citycentreflat-tirana\naddress: "Street Fortuzi 137, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33080903\n  lng: 19.81256176\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446156996.jpg?k=efd9da703a07339c5a8a6837bffef200e372b16dade0032d5148fe1ad35b0d26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467532937.jpg?k=23ac2ae044ef94e24c6b8326b6ecc57663ec6d41697a093d8c31d78553245586&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467535422.jpg?k=0f37ca0e791afed8357359761424add7ed83bafb467e17d381132dd9ca6a80e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467532481.jpg?k=11e8ab138bcc880421651b2d3898079073e4b7c85cd8eb33e1f27aa4bd7521c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467535036.jpg?k=22519a5dbd3da114246df0f02eb2b40eaded932e748ee0fd930de76f27c351f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467532832.jpg?k=399f470b4f3d0b31a603c62f1ba6948f772ab3e48241991eaed4516902cc3e4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467532259.jpg?k=cd471ebf0b68b6e3397784070ede4adbc44a9a7b2ddaa61e54e0f79b015c0177&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467534215.jpg?k=54dd246cf9f810a7ecf29fc3e678fd25af9806a99a1c66d2ee37c5502271fdf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467532154.jpg?k=be206b7a546ba94552ee53225dc59e8c6f0567db0a9e9feeb80ebc5a0842e38a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Korcare 30 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jenny"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was spacious and comfortable, with all the amenities one could need for a short or long-term stay. Host was great. The location of the apartment was also ideal, located in a quiet neighborhood yet still close to the city center and...”"\n  - name: "Zişan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Fantastic location for easy walking access. The host's assistance is invaluable. Fully equipped kitchen and consistent hot water make the stay even more enjoyable. Impeccably clean house, and the new towels and bed linens add a fresh and welcoming...”"\n  - name: "Monir"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Very responsive, no worries for late delivery of keys.
Everything was perfect.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/citycentreflat-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of convenience and comfort, offering free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped, including a fridge, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a self-sufficient stay. Towels and bed linen, meticulously prepared, await in the apartment, adding a touch of home.

For those eager to explore, CityCentreFlat Tirana is ideally located. Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the House of Leaves are all within easy reach, promising a deep dive into the local culture and history. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, makes arrivals and departures a breeze.

CityCentreFlat Tirana stands out as a perfect blend of location, convenience, and comfort, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience Tirana's rich cultural tapestry right from their living space.