---\ntitle: "City View Apartments"\ndescription: "City View Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by breathtaking urban and mountain panoramas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473557241.jpg?k=de2646dd7407870a78584b4f83b5cb21bb3984806ae29a110fb58ab9040dccd2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-view-apartments\naddress: "41°46'56.5\"N 19°38'05.6\"E, Lezhë, Albania"\ncity: "Lezhë"\nlocation: "Lezhë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.78263321\n  lng: 19.6349368\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473557241.jpg?k=de2646dd7407870a78584b4f83b5cb21bb3984806ae29a110fb58ab9040dccd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462897416.jpg?k=adaa9fc8e384cc0696315c99c684dd7903c1d44d85826c8b158c757d0d55fbc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465358366.jpg?k=6869d92f21c9e3a0a8463e343f1f7679e801e778ca72cc192551aa547fbefffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462897408.jpg?k=05169ad3ec1f49ffeb129b9924b463b4676b3d4250927b92ece8a796a2d154ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462897382.jpg?k=6e549efc8257ba8c38871f30a42ced0c45c1cad764a82d31ea47d36acedd768b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465358107.jpg?k=393a08ba5605f5a0a996dcbb5618d03faf39d22d367b8b90d8f18980cdb41440&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita E Vjeter 400 m"\n  - "Lezhe 650 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 3 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 40 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It was the most pleasant stay in a beautiful and comfortable apartment with the most wonderful view of the city in the mountains. The owners are very helpful and nice. The apartment is clean and comfortable, I love this atmosphere, so I highly...”"\n  - name: "László"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Very well-equipped, modern, clean apartment with a comfortable bed and a large terrace. The hosts are very kind and helpful 😉”"\n  - name: "Tibor"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The host and the accommodation itself were wonderful. Our whole family really liked the terrace and stairs! The furniture, accessories (towels, etc.), kitchen equipment were complete and perfect. We can only recommend it for marquis, for a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-view-apartments-lezhe.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at City View is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and seamless WiFi connectivity. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a terrace that offers mountain vistas, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen doesn't skimp on amenities either, featuring an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and kitchenware, along with the added convenience of a coffee machine and kettle. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which come with a bidet and slippers, ensuring a comfortable stay. Moreover, guests are provided with fresh bed linen and towels in every unit, underscoring the complex's commitment to comfort.

For those moments of tranquility, the garden invites guests to unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere.

Beyond its immediate comforts, City View Apartments is strategically located, with Lake Skadar only 39 km away, offering an easy escape to nature. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is accessible, located 44 km from the premises, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

City View Apartments stands out as an exemplary choice for those who appreciate the finer aspects of travel accommodations, promising a stay that's as relaxing as it is enriching.