---\ntitle: "City Block Apartment - Free Parking"\ndescription: "City Block Apartment - Free Parking emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464039924.jpg?k=a9f57fd55702d9690c9a289738a5c189eb6a10491b372c3faf48c0da5d99eada&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-block-apartment-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga Ymer Kurti, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31733724\n  lng: 19.81408449\nprice: "US$145"\npriceFrom: 145\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464039924.jpg?k=a9f57fd55702d9690c9a289738a5c189eb6a10491b372c3faf48c0da5d99eada&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463724976.jpg?k=38024cc1e94585ac1a44d9ec21b065c551ad80d389381871f02e8f6f9cb432ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454175324.jpg?k=2c408eeded843b92294b16902a4df9f3407520a7c590654c7c137d700b9bf368&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464040166.jpg?k=c90f918ed64d8f93d3e9b7bdacde99e2321dbcb2badfb4b387e8faa7ede027c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454174036.jpg?k=ed13ef3f7dc09ce556f3bd66f9ca3de569f80de6f8ba2ca40a6a4088b9804306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459326594.jpg?k=84d207f33bd0ee10e59838ce65f2f2f0e5f18f541fbf1da60f86abf1421f2d92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456411670.jpg?k=53f5b03def0feae38a286b6afa25d4d69fd506acaed0f159bfd35f960e6e659c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454173679.jpg?k=6ad914a20c02e6612225e7c65c02488ba526aaba7b775607472ddf459f0aee67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523035309.jpg?k=10aed4d8e570776475ada34b76988d026a97794bc2b7bf7e1167aebe230323f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (51 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Pica Peinirli 50 m"\n  - "Creperie \I saw it first\\"\" 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nihat"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“It’s a central, brand new and luxurious flat. Dorian, the owner is a very friendly and helpful person, thanks to him very much.”"\n  - name: "Bart"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“What a great stay we had at City Block appartment. The appartment - which is complety renovated - is located in the very lively beighbourhood of Blloku. This is where many restaurants and bars are. The owner Dorian is the best host you can have....”"\n  - name: "Tamsen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We liked everything about this apartment! It’s nicely located in the hub of things close to Blloku with lots of good bars and restaurants. Dorian was lovely to deal with and gave us some great recommendations for places to go. As a family we found...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-block-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a generously sized apartment that boasts three well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony offering sweeping city views adds to the appeal. The apartment doesn't just stop at providing physical comforts; it also ensures a pleasant stay through air conditioning, soundproofing, a cozy fireplace, and an allergy-free, non-smoking environment.

For those who appreciate the convenience of having amenities close at hand, the presence of an on-site coffee shop is a welcome feature. 

Situated near the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Rinia Park, City Block Apartment - Free Parking is not just about its strategic location. It's about providing a serene, comfortable, and convenient stay in one of Tirana's most vibrant areas. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible for international and domestic travelers alike.