---\ntitle: "City Center Private Room near Scanderbeg Square"\ndescription: "City Center Private Room near Scanderbeg Square emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492612782.jpg?k=aa520c3928683d6e09fa8dfd40d9ef8ee5e1d3cc341cbff202c46259565c68e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-private-room-near-scanderbeg-square\naddress: "Rruga Kajo Karafili, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32875511\n  lng: 19.81524022\nprice: "US$24"\npriceFrom: 24\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492612782.jpg?k=aa520c3928683d6e09fa8dfd40d9ef8ee5e1d3cc341cbff202c46259565c68e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492611627.jpg?k=19d4d6b8e701262af3e7f589b8affd1544f079a84953783f5e3dee65e52cf73c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492611799.jpg?k=642ee0ed642153b65e1b70fb59acb00f833624fd8eeb7ad7a38086cf24193fc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492612814.jpg?k=dd19b9e314d31fd803d58dcebf07fea0cbb7b931b330d57fa83c32eb4e957921&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492610835.jpg?k=a00f5c9ef0628d49a26a1770fd7087116b7103f6cecf612d483a6b810751af5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492611479.jpg?k=ee2cd8d655c52be00409b658e594686ec253f69901a6ef60fd30139045b07f73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bondi Cafe 10 m"\n  - "Helios 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Location is great. Directly in the City centre. Very good and clean room to good price.”"\n  - name: "Jessica"\n    country: "El Salvador"\n    text: "“Place was absolutely clean and comfortable. There is a woman who helps with the cleaning every couple days and she is the most sweetest person ever. Ac works perfectly and is very well located.”"\n  - name: "Nicolas"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Tout sauf les travaux mais c'est indépendant du bon vouloir du propriétaire”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-private-room-near-scanderbeg-square.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property boasts air-conditioned units, each equipped with a fully functional kitchen, including kitchenware and a kettle, ensuring guests feel right at home. The shared bathrooms are well-appointed with hair dryers, and the provision of free WiFi across the premises adds to the convenience. Select rooms also feature balconies, offering a glimpse of the city's bustling life from the comfort of one's room. Essential amenities such as bed linen and towels are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the overall stay experience.

For those keen on exploring, the homestay's proximity to notable attractions like the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park presents an easy gateway to discovering Tirana's rich heritage. Additionally, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, guests enjoy easy access to and from the property.

While private parking is available at an additional charge, the strategic location and the array of amenities make City Center Private Room near Scanderbeg Square a compelling option for visitors looking to capture the essence of Tirana.