---\ntitle: "City Center Hideout - Studio Apartment"\ndescription: "City Center Hideout - Studio Apartment emerges as a modern retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of convenience and comfort for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482586227.jpg?k=7eb850b152031a2f2e899b2460825b42fae3cde79d721743fd044e25e1f537f1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-hideout-studio-apartment\naddress: "Bulevardi Zogu I, 1053 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33136163\n  lng: 19.81783895\nprice: "US$49"\npriceFrom: 49\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482586227.jpg?k=7eb850b152031a2f2e899b2460825b42fae3cde79d721743fd044e25e1f537f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482590722.jpg?k=75224ef74f371e01a3af6d7f61aa0c17ad95b918abcca62677f7c2cc865073f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482592357.jpg?k=cb13d4d8ff66fdd7d794738850853bbfdbec50e6c7375126a0aba6a65a004ba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482589818.jpg?k=0ec925b6230e61f0c6ac6561ab2cec93f71a17ecd51c039c5d0cd908fe704daa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482588099.jpg?k=6017cc130b2ca7bbff878e6bd9fd90e89e3cfadc302c2eabc0886cb7adac7b8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482589000.jpg?k=3c882cfac309c2a8e79d235ad8a45d72e0def3fefde56192b707a171abfcbc51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482622323.jpg?k=4e520cbd1996bf86eaa9c8c3ff7e66c0d870188f90fdde46e34a698bbc13c69a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482591814.jpg?k=e6c9a203353051914d9bd60a71948f528b5ce9b4fcddfedc238f1ab5501e6bb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482587017.jpg?k=47eebac72c7022bcf4a3331a7c2d654f45e8b19b382cc10554929ad0b62e6f43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (472 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel London 40 m"\n  - "Mase 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anabelle"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Property was clean, newly renovated and very comfortable. It was right in the centre of the city. The host was prompt with replying to messages and made the check in process very easy.”"\n  - name: "Oscar"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The flat was amazing, right in the centre of town, quiet area. The host is just great, very welcoming and his bar is very good. I really recommend visiting Tirana and staying here!”"\n  - name: "Katrina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Freshly refurbished in a modern style. Clean and spacious for a couple. Modern walk in shower. Fridge freezer, washing machine and oven provided. Comfortable large bed with loads of drawer space. Less than 5 minutes walk to centre of Tirana and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-hideout.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, equipped with complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The kitchen comes fully stocked with an oven and fridge, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals as they wish. Upon entering through the private entrance, visitors are greeted with thoughtful touches such as wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies, setting the stage for a memorable stay. The provision of air conditioning, heating, and a private bathroom ensures comfort throughout the year.

Situated near the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the House of Leaves, and the Clock Tower Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the cultural heartbeat of the city. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km from the City Center Hideout - Studio Apartment, while those driving can avail of private parking at an additional charge. This studio apartment stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of city exploration and homely comfort.