---\ntitle: "City center Apartment 1"\ndescription: "City Center Apartment 1 emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821243.jpg?k=d5af1da43629fa192aed3b7821551f3633aa132ee470da19558161b42a3818ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga e Bogdanëve Building 25, 7th Floor, Apartment 49, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33002311\n  lng: 19.80996726\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821243.jpg?k=d5af1da43629fa192aed3b7821551f3633aa132ee470da19558161b42a3818ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821322.jpg?k=01c5a516dfe7b867f907595c8f8725d084e114c58d8305bf0e91683a59acef11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821337.jpg?k=0afc2dca99bb776da0e004b6005567c14db00867110b83bcc391dfaa6c497819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821327.jpg?k=77881289b6a30b8aa7e68b180ada3ccadefb512c97c99afe9183b5c89b14fb76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474054201.jpg?k=8537204f815d902e0b2fb86e06ef1e1002e96ef9b37d1290601e2fe76c8de7cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821332.jpg?k=9658e9c7506bbf3c3a2bbdca60bbfad548d4cf964131629bacbb65b24ef4e6e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821303.jpg?k=ea01e4c2c58441839597f6d29ee1213acb35f9e9249c111d469f55e2542f5c56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821344.jpg?k=611db25ba8cfbbd9d9ea9ce63c44eaa14c047c612599170c63d68695f98e3507&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467821318.jpg?k=06c201b9e43974ab5645b46b4fc80dfd4aee23b211531edce2be09ee03b6f6a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serenity 10 m"\n  - "Taverna Roland 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rei"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The whole property was very comfy with great facilities”"\n  - name: "Agnieszka"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent stay! The apartment is very well located, very clean and has all the equipment needed on a daily basis. I recommend it!”"\n  - name: "Guntur"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“When someone asks me where to stay in Tirana. This is the first place to come to my mind. First, the host was great and very helpful, he will help you with anything you need with a very quick response. Secondly, the apartment is very modern and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-apartment-1-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and functionality. It boasts a spacious bedroom, a cozy living area equipped with a flat-screen TV for those downtime moments, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances like an oven and a microwave. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a shower, towels, and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of hotel living. Notably, the apartment offers the added convenience of a private entrance, elevating the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

For guests looking to explore Tirana at their own pace, City Center Apartment 1 facilitates a seamless experience with its car rental service. This feature is particularly appealing for those eager to discover more of what the city has to offer, including Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, all located within close proximity.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the property acknowledges the needs of the modern traveler by providing a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transition from air to accommodation. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, City Center Apartment 1 is an exemplary choice for those seeking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana while enjoying a peaceful retreat.