---\ntitle: "City Centre Apartments"\ndescription: "City Centre Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964903.jpg?k=9c9cd3913631fd7e6f2848933107ea26be8e8aa6406074006bd633ffe776dd01&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-centre-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Maliq Muço, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33177152\n  lng: 19.81521794\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964903.jpg?k=9c9cd3913631fd7e6f2848933107ea26be8e8aa6406074006bd633ffe776dd01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964867.jpg?k=73e2d1355130f5a53f8d8a268f9630de73b2cc071c6d2af834d23e0aba01c8d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964988.jpg?k=6dfa5378d02d46297c104ee5c17a20b531bc457170a05ace330d34030116e6c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964969.jpg?k=3cc934db10f20e40f4603596e54476922336d581e5a173744d1d35056b3f1cfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503965023.jpg?k=abe2604e058c8afabf1d51117276a988aa3d27849c010818ef81b7c08f1aa992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509801636.jpg?k=96e9eae7160b16edd7ab8970628538c2f1b4c5dca37e67b8011d1be20e513659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503965005.jpg?k=a6f6c23ee8951770142280e06881751eb780853c33975170c0e1b24b38cafd84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503965017.jpg?k=eba5b988176a41eeb9244c947f7160caf8455c343a16e3f15e1d10d87d01c67e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503964855.jpg?k=009204f579b5b4ddf2f0649ec691f1940cdda64cc1de0bb286489664a9382d85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 100 m"\n  - "Lissus Fish 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-centre-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe highlight of City Centre Apartments is undoubtedly its spacious two-bedroom apartment. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster. The air-conditioned unit doesn't just promise a comfortable stay; it ensures one with a walk-in shower and a dedicated dressing room, catering to the needs of even the most discerning guests. Moreover, the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, ensuring a pleasant environment for all.

For those who prefer to dine in or need quick essentials, a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience. Additionally, the apartment facilitates exploration and adventure by offering a car rental service. For the more active guests, the opportunity to enjoy cycling in the nearby area is an inviting option.

City Centre Apartments is not just about the amenities within but also boasts proximity to several of the city's must-see attractions. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Museum of History Albania, and House of Leaves are all within easy reach, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration. For guests traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 13 km away, the apartment offers a paid shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transfer.

In summary, City Centre Apartments stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality and an unwavering commitment to guest satisfaction, making it a top recommendation for those planning a visit to the vibrant city center.