---\ntitle: "City Center 2BR Apartment"\ndescription: "City Center 2BR Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641940.jpg?k=da1ccd2153d5fa32c6f6a0ccb9c9e75eb3b99d81fad3df3bb7055cb12ea08fe7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-2br-apartment\naddress: "4 Rruga e Durrësit 6, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32932913\n  lng: 19.81465171\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641940.jpg?k=da1ccd2153d5fa32c6f6a0ccb9c9e75eb3b99d81fad3df3bb7055cb12ea08fe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641943.jpg?k=b0e43a1744fb4cc766d0d6394261764fb60e406c08c7f70bf3daa5c9f29c4caa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641894.jpg?k=bea3f47a2b317597cbc4d61c783f1521124034d4d3f51b38d78491aecaf2e83c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641851.jpg?k=4b504e7ae9e23fd759670d839ee5d7d08933d0a81ce11541962491c41ce393d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641900.jpg?k=4a7e317f01a7402a6e52aada0eaa4d374fb96f0556d784daf2d08b79ab865828&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641887.jpg?k=9bfea565a95785cef53c971376c72ef3d5f426edb7a1881886a5022857365a7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641944.jpg?k=ff7e8d47f70cc45a705104a88ddc01ffb580a696cebdd971b5b58ef14cd4a152&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641941.jpg?k=fa7e735439ba730ae9ddf73aab1ed7add5c23262b7ed197a69c96f3a7dc94971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417641891.jpg?k=cf051279ad46be36671416b17fba566da6241d41ee8ad1524bc4d7cc7d27d6f2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (109 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Flora 40 m"\n  - "Piceri Seven 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 30 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gary"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really nice apartment in a great location, just off Skanderbeg Square. The apartment has everything you will need for a short stay and the host is very accommodating.
A great choice if you are visiting Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Craig"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location. Apartment was a perfect size for 2 people for a short break. The apartment had all the facilities you could need. The host made checking in and out easy. Located near numerous cafes, bars, restaurants and not too far away...”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Perfect location, perfect contact with owner, separate bedroom for kids, quality of apartemnt is ok.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-2br-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a washing machine adds a layer of convenience for longer stays, while the modern bathroom, complete with shower, ensures a refreshing start to each day. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of crisp towels and luxurious bed linen, enhancing the overall comfort of the stay. Designed with a non-smoking and soundproof environment, the apartment promises a serene retreat amidst the bustling city.

For those looking to explore beyond the confines of the city, the apartment offers a car rental service, providing an easy gateway to the surrounding attractions. Noteworthy points of interest such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque are within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 13 km away, making City Center 2BR Apartment an ideal base for both short-term visits and extended stays. With free WiFi enveloping the property, guests can stay connected and share their experiences with ease. This apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to capture the essence of Tirana in a comfortable, convenient setting.