---\ntitle: "City Center Hotel"\ndescription: "City Center Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420061.jpg?k=8cb3331f9e1e73c59da48ab0743947f6661b517f96c139c75c9f6e183e4b8ef7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Zenel Baboçi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.332529\n  lng: 19.820978\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 797\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420061.jpg?k=8cb3331f9e1e73c59da48ab0743947f6661b517f96c139c75c9f6e183e4b8ef7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285444164.jpg?k=efffc6d448cfc06ac5d650591bdb2e6724b72c7e3370ffd92a274be195e17f02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285424209.jpg?k=f3aef68112d990e8c97b08681c81984bc63948d2d5e11068e5299e6720689c1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420468.jpg?k=2795d366e45581c7d70957d2b96686342f18cc117d27d9b86863102e5082d5d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420416.jpg?k=381eafa178193eabe69be3e54564b53a1fd511f3f6f116155e5d69eaf6dfab44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420392.jpg?k=9229639b7fd70818f0b0167ac8a64ced128ded21c7775ceb72b3abea58744781&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420505.jpg?k=e01e9526b9d8ef26d4c2120a823be9a96656d9fee71fa8917d1c83935ed636c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285424519.jpg?k=fb867f36dfa3ba77902427eb7dcf8aba51aa5584acd7e6f6ccc9bec446b4b128&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214420476.jpg?k=f7a489cb726b15aaeaf5614a289467a18738a75367910304c4a848eacac57673&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room - Ground Floor"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room - Ground Floor"\n  - "Double or Twin Room - Ground Floor"\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room - Ground Floor"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Harli 100 m"\n  - "Mon Amour Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kujtim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel in the center is a great location for walking. Cleanliness and very comfortable rooms with a modern style. Ample and tasty breakfast. Traditional pancakes and pie ✨ Warm croissants and special Italian coffee, very good pascucci coffee...”"\n  - name: "Courtney"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Good location, no problem to find, nice staff.
Lovely big room, very comfortable bed and bathroom, excellent facilities.
Decent buffet with fresh made batista coffee
We did not stay long but found it easy to see the sights.
10/10 would stay again.”"\n  - name: "Ladylindy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel was well located for everything. Tirana was very busy with lots of tourists but they were not ready for them. We were told there was a tourist information centre but when we got there there was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a realm of sophistication from the moment they step inside, where a shared lounge and a well-appointed bar set the stage for a relaxing stay. The hotel prides itself on its commitment to service, offering a 24-hour front desk and attentive room service to cater to guests' needs around the clock.

Accommodations at City Center Hotel are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each air-conditioned room is a sanctuary of comfort, featuring a private bathroom, a functional desk, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The promise of a continental breakfast awaits every morning, providing a perfect start to the day.

For those eager to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, City Center Hotel serves as an ideal base. The former residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the National Arts Gallery are all within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local heritage. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 18 km away, ensures seamless travel arrangements.

In summary, City Center Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity that makes it a top pick for visitors to Tirana.