---\ntitle: "City Center 5 - Tirana Way Apartments"\ndescription: "City Center 5 - Tirana Way Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757256.jpg?k=9ad597dee05b29754c63006489e3a7a09ddd8d367a948bac6b790a259a346309&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-5-tirana-way-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Selma Riza, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33043864\n  lng: 19.81421036\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757256.jpg?k=9ad597dee05b29754c63006489e3a7a09ddd8d367a948bac6b790a259a346309&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757273.jpg?k=be839bec13452183ebf7ecb7ad09a5a77f9b244faf661b3bf2d381cb37a88cea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757284.jpg?k=7bfa8569188dc2b4dfe10aa0bd228b90e329dadf9a3557c79bd43d3ea0063718&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757281.jpg?k=9676f4aed35f298a5f6abbbfa8a5bdcaa43692db92e9cb4074156bf8179f6628&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757271.jpg?k=0fa7bab2097ad7fb7df913c0e463a1c3d6867bad022e4cc18b07e716f4d74ae6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757282.jpg?k=62d74c35651189765dcfe8c4fb950fef438c02b574addc624be3983679460469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757280.jpg?k=70a047c573730e4dceb12c845421085b96483ee86ed33beb764d94e77a073c53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757275.jpg?k=cdc5f2373a6d7f74dfb0ed4fb6d7f54b2f1c754e04438ff6ee78e15d05dc7822&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375757274.jpg?k=12a5479334f13193096437eea1a89a4e594e09319979dcc5f992380c3f03b1f3&o=&hp=1"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Cafe 20 m"\n  - "Melbourne Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gabriela"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Good location and price, everything looks as on the photos. Easy check in and out. Responsive and helpful owner. The flat had everything as per description, really recommend.”"\n  - name: "Besilda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing stay🥰 we will defenitely book again. Very good location, city center. All the facilities were in place, very clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Frenkli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very cozy place, very clean and located on the best part of Tirana, and well equipped in amenties. Very communicative host. Definitely would stay there again!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-5-tirana-way-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern living, featuring a single bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their meals, and a bathroom designed with comfort in mind. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to leisure at their fingertips.

For those keen on exploring the rich history and vibrant life of Tirana, the apartment is conveniently located near significant landmarks including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the National Museum of History Albania, offering a deep dive into the nation's past and present. Moreover, the proximity to Reja - The Cloud, less than 1 km away, provides an opportunity for unique photo sessions and leisurely strolls.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport situated just 13 km away, making City Center 5 - Tirana Way Apartments an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.