---\ntitle: "City Centre Apartment 1"\ndescription: "City Centre Apartment 1 stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Shkodër, merely 49 km away from the bustling Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140694820.jpg?k=821a511528bc5c66ecaa580681744e22eb7b761c49bba4470b7f017e6ac2e525&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-centre-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Besnik Sykja 10, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06403\n  lng: 19.511418\nprice: "US$93"\npriceFrom: 93\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 60\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140694820.jpg?k=821a511528bc5c66ecaa580681744e22eb7b761c49bba4470b7f017e6ac2e525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140950629.jpg?k=ce6c3e0b069f189aacdfbe39592cec0ae272b2797500c1765a290e2fa288e603&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140950005.jpg?k=1aa3ad2ceb8fdb3fb3dd40bbeb0f64d8d1841385e97a1b4c32b267aac05ee42c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140951983.jpg?k=a46dbf7e9ab3e73357fcb91df0a71ceaad1940662223e04c4177c74480e71e76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140951987.jpg?k=49c040e2b9af19512fc1b0a7851931ecfacd41204ea70b22d6e9228b818aea4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143251416.jpg?k=76062db689b97b5424024cd7da4e4e96983cbd0d2e73fb727614a9dca0bfa25f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140950640.jpg?k=2ec9cfcb4201f4ffe02fe33ed1946edd11257edc74be8cd96228c2de15704330&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140950008.jpg?k=3ed05e9167dfc6851a12f9ace25590e5ddba3f1941f9df132abf9d668db04aec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513037988.jpg?k=02ff909beba8e8c2417343b39f031357d87278d216fc89f5c26713c09f8d16f4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Idromeno Bar Pastiçeri 100 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Italia 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.4 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gruber"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Everything! The apartment is very well decorated, really spacious with all the facilities for a family. The location is perfect, near a very typical and alive street. The host went above and beyond for us! Perfect from A to Z! Thank you Zami!”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was a very nicely furnished, clean and comfortable apartment. The location was excellent; in the city center but still away from noise.”"\n  - name: "Micha"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Beautiful large appartement tastefully decorated, 1 fully equipped bathroom + 1 extra smaller one (toilet+ sink, no shower). Perfect fit for 4 people Good communication with host, convenient parking close by and very nice location
Price vs...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-centre-apartment-shkoder.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living and modern conveniences, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for guests traveling in groups or with family. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality bed linen and towels, enhancing the comfort of each stay. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels, positioned in a cozy dining area that invites guests to unwind. The heart of the apartment, a fully equipped kitchen, offers the freedom to craft meals at any time of day, while the balcony presents an opportunity to soak in the serene mountain views, adding a touch of tranquility to the urban dwelling. It's important to note, the accommodation upholds a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

For those looking to explore beyond the confines of the apartment, the property facilitates exploration with its airport transfer services and the availability of a car rental service, making travel arrangements hassle-free. The nearest gateway, Podgorica Airport, is located 59 km away, making City Centre Apartment 1 an ideal choice for travelers seeking both accessibility and a retreat in the vibrant city of Shkodër.