---\ntitle: "City Center 12 - Tirana Way Apartments"\ndescription: "City Center 12 - Tirana Way Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant life, merely a stone's throw away from Skanderbeg Square and within easy reach of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438222990.jpg?k=c968f020e78804345a10acd3819f1682efe29067fdbb308a7cc1d24036f192b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-12-tirana-way-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33136797\n  lng: 19.81911896\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438222990.jpg?k=c968f020e78804345a10acd3819f1682efe29067fdbb308a7cc1d24036f192b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223026.jpg?k=2e98f25749074c29eaed8d3bba0d4adb5eecf8448a8f563de66c50618f851632&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223006.jpg?k=0dd2c7fd8beabb5be5f735c52b6fc5e8fe60d9af1633af47a28a6188135c2674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223024.jpg?k=4779f7555546ca58835860c1c38d5054f17b880f9adcebf8b7430fcdf0b040c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223016.jpg?k=a2edbf25f6831bc32b5235926b1fa748d5d4f2102a2a90003df99df82a29dbfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223014.jpg?k=b8c00ece763d37c2c223f0bd9746030e5314a4aed00da6781c077c7e48016b48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223025.jpg?k=a7037a8f666d9b40701b3aaf1a27b543e692e72c8071d8652584421c5481a6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223010.jpg?k=c0c454d436367265f547a5559d090a19eff3c94fb3eae762c0b8ec856d12eaee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438223002.jpg?k=1d45dd60c9b9b55b1b308e90ef42937c5f1e42e40926ff5559fcde84741d6114&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Degusto 30 m"\n  - "Bar Grill Dea 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Room super modern, clean and nice ! The bed is confortable, and we had all we needed. Even a washing machine. Great location, super close to the center.”"\n  - name: "Patricia"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The apartment is well equipped, modern and comfortable. We did a remote check in and nothing to complain. The apartment is a little smaller than what it looks on the photo but still super cool :D”"\n  - name: "Sonia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is conveniently located for visiting the main attractions of Tirana, 2 minutes away there are buses that take you to'airport. There are bars and supermarkets within walking distance. Cozy, bright apartment, equipped with everything....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-12-tirana-way-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment, strictly non-smoking, is a haven of modern amenities set against the backdrop of Tirana's bustling city life. Guests are treated to a suite of conveniences including complimentary WiFi, ensuring connectivity is never an issue. The living space is thoughtfully equipped with a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment, a washing machine for longer stays, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to every culinary need with a fridge and stovetop. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of fresh towels and bed linen, making for a truly homely experience.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently positioned near the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the intriguing House of Leaves, offering a deep dive into the nation's rich cultural tapestry. Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, making City Center 12 - Tirana Way Apartments an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.