---\ntitle: "City Center Apartment Galeria"\ndescription: "City Center Apartment Galeria emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515536510.jpg?k=5e09be7a7494f6a71f4a1d4f1bc768c052baaf4258be21845dd99c05b93f1d47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-apartment-galeria\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba 8, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33140681\n  lng: 19.81908156\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515536510.jpg?k=5e09be7a7494f6a71f4a1d4f1bc768c052baaf4258be21845dd99c05b93f1d47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515534962.jpg?k=a54fc295abbd77dc6227f975189b4fa3677c3d85bf011a66b7a803ddd047192e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515535822.jpg?k=605fb9a5b90b6a7f81312fa92d406def7a805afee71dd4237c5a4fb87bd4173d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481584797.jpg?k=178a44db7302412f1d8bd0efeaecc11df1c5628e1285d9226ea9f17ccfdbc4a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517268563.jpg?k=f3245044cff1911bd85907b75e9854e91eca55eec181d2a0a684754871e7ec9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515541674.jpg?k=7fe15f54fb0538f31b35497941a232c3add1b7b756fc3539bd82f6cb1d9a252e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517266703.jpg?k=9a6218354a2371c5e6b9fd62039c97815c8cc30ba28f1b4c9e88b8bb1aa7b674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481547734.jpg?k=51a0f437e39c365780488a4a710f1501bdf6943767da7fef762be01fa14f7682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527103359.jpg?k=7651ffdc890b084e35d9f46f22138a58c2e816aa87e748b6a33bf3530a579692&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (49 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Degusto 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Dajkua 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ekaterina"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Excellent place, I can't add anything else, the best place to stay in Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Lascarina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Delizioso appartamento dotato di tutti i confort nel cuore di Tirana,moderno e pulito. Andy, il proprietario, è una persona meravigliosa! Ci ha accolti in modo caloroso e si è reso disponibile a facilitare il nostro soggiorno, infatti insieme ad...”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Tutto, 2 camere e qualsiasi cosa c'era! Poi è a 1 minuto dalla piazza principale, taxi quasi sempre sotto casa, vicino a un market, e a qualsiasi attrazione turistica.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-apartment-galeria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home. With two bedrooms, a bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a fully equipped kitchen, guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a dining area, and a terrace boasting mountain views adds a touch of luxury to the stay. Moreover, the apartment's soundproofing ensures a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle, while its allergy-free and non-smoking environment caters to the well-being of all guests.

The convenience of having a bar on-site cannot be overstated, providing an easy option for guests to unwind after a day of exploration. The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves enriches any visit, making cultural immersion just a few steps away.

For those venturing further, the Toptani Shopping Centre is within a 600-meter stroll, offering a variety of shopping and dining options. The apartment's location also ensures ease of travel, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

City Center Apartment Galeria stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its commitment to providing a serene and accommodating environment. Whether it's the breathtaking city and quiet street views or the thoughtful amenities, this apartment is a testament to Tirana's welcoming spirit and the ideal choice for those wishing to experience the city's charm firsthand.