---\ntitle: "City Center 8 - Tirana Way Apartments"\ndescription: "City Center 8 - Tirana Way Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498143.jpg?k=859bdc1f9eda4c86c02872acaaa8297c2ea6628c9c564d0d555bd021eee23855&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-center-8-tirana-way-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Petrela, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33625666\n  lng: 19.81414588\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498143.jpg?k=859bdc1f9eda4c86c02872acaaa8297c2ea6628c9c564d0d555bd021eee23855&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498168.jpg?k=9510bd6c4d413521c03d4520d82a7e9abdb5ac709d50740a18a417cdcebba784&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498186.jpg?k=348011af375a62857f1fd4517fb01c04c9f4484b259c2a775bb6bd30eaf8bbb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498191.jpg?k=8a29ca1ff2d6e2e9165703c2598709a68102fcf053959d4e57383c1b70d8b5af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498162.jpg?k=3472c590952fa24085d00cae8485b8221f31fef1757b44050de3095564c69a3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498163.jpg?k=d999ea4d8cbd325d28b1913b8d599cf7528526afb4dd0008e4b375c1b988c4d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498177.jpg?k=8dfee5a215556b21d3c70c73ad1d1b4b802fe82ec24fd94638012f60e279f472&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498152.jpg?k=6527b29a0ae99f7317b3962672af2d59a38279309a8afbcde36f94731cf32286&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409498145.jpg?k=cedea08ea89af4d03519a2e75df85446bd3c0eb7bf87dfad8076600bae55facb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Teo 30 m"\n  - "Istanbul Simit & Borek 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laurids"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Stort og med mange faciliteter, rent og pænt. Hyggelig balkon. Tæt på supermarked”"\n  - name: "Cristian"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El apartamento está nuevo, limpio y cuidado, muy cerca del centro de tirana.”"\n  - name: "Francisco"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Apartamento recien reformado, todo muy bonito. Estaba limpio. El edificio si que es un poco viejo por la zona donde está ubicado, pero tienes un super debajo y varias cafeterias para desayunar o comer. Genial”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-8-tirana-way-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment stands out for its thoughtful amenities and attention to detail. Guests are welcomed into a climate-controlled environment, complete with a balcony that presents captivating city views. The interior is a testament to modern living, featuring a flat-screen TV with access to streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The kitchen is a highlight, fully equipped with an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, catering to every culinary need. For added comfort, towels and bed linen are meticulously provided, alongside thoughtful touches such as chocolates or cookies, enhancing the homely atmosphere.

The strategic location of City Center 8 - Tirana Way Apartments means convenience is on your doorstep, with a supermarket nearby for all your essentials. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to notable landmarks such as the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves, all within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, City Center 8 - Tirana Way Apartments is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing Tirana's dynamic blend of history, culture, and modernity, all while ensuring the utmost in guest comfort and convenience.