---\ntitle: "City Centre Big Art'partment Heart of The Capital"\ndescription: "City Centre Big Art'partment Heart of The Capital emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447552305.jpg?k=0e40ec1b5c3093ace24a839f51fbb65a8318948aadbf23b31226f83ba7044c13&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: city-centre-big-art-partment-heart-of-the-capital\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32944026\n  lng: 19.82166296\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447552305.jpg?k=0e40ec1b5c3093ace24a839f51fbb65a8318948aadbf23b31226f83ba7044c13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456196516.jpg?k=128bdc48ff6a6af227f073d4638da2c3253041c908f5349b9e231de637e29de5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434270186.jpg?k=312bac681c7cc2d1d5afc72de1bd6548c00c587eb971bd663bbd882338de2069&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434270211.jpg?k=c621cb6bd490f493472d54cdd464ebe282c4df0e6ccaa7da752d86c4fb9a44c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456196640.jpg?k=aec270b10cb0d2357b4bbba3f3e745fb9ba89e2ab457f98eef73d84a7cf0a792&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456196376.jpg?k=b34dac74c418ec53e430b59d514d3d4b8494b276f83859b1f046b34560a85506&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456196224.jpg?k=c21e7f5b4c5ebf13988310b2d0dd2cf705650a521b66dd6ba3b36e2dbd47d2d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447552322.jpg?k=95955acd2ed3cbffc4060a821e6e426e6cf7bbac62f58160d837c7982e89ce9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447552314.jpg?k=265dc9d08e257d02c8ef8f01136b7c66600e3d275151a6d3a82d7a7598c536d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "MAnna 40 m"\n  - "Ama 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zoe"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“EVERYTHING WAS REALLY GOOD. THE APARTMENT WAS COMFORTABLE, CLEAN, HAD EVERYTHING NEEDED. THE BED WAS VERY GOOD AND THE TOWELS AND SHEETS ODORED PERFECT. FLAVIO WAS VERY FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL AND GAVE US EVERY INFORMATION. WE THANK HIM FOR THE...”"\n  - name: "Belazp"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Located in the centre of Tirana, very close to the local bus stop and airport bus stop. Also a great location for access cafes and restaurants. Apartment is very spacious with a nice very to the mountains and also a very small balcony if you are a...”"\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“This apartment was vert central. Apartment was super clean and cozy. Flavio is responsive and very friendly gave us great tips and recommendations. Highly recommend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-centre-big-art-partment-heart-of-the-capital.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, a bathroom equipped with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a dining space, and a fully stocked kitchen. The balcony presents serene mountain views, adding a touch of tranquility to the urban dwelling. Notably, the apartment features a private entrance, enhancing the sense of exclusivity and privacy for guests.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, the apartment is conveniently located near several key attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania. Additionally, for guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

City Centre Big Art'partment Heart of The Capital stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities and strategic location, ensuring a memorable stay in the vibrant capital.