---\ntitle: "Classic Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Classic Hotel, a gem located in the vibrant heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the bustling city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54792315.jpg?k=70cf9fae1236e7d90486fbad717b9cbb39d723ca301b911e344ea22cbd0623c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: classic-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Delvina, Nd.61, Hyrja 21022, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3205099\n  lng: 19.80546355\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 234\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54792315.jpg?k=70cf9fae1236e7d90486fbad717b9cbb39d723ca301b911e344ea22cbd0623c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210099036.jpg?k=5394a7142d631d6adf8bdbd89f9e936f43f4093cb9549e6798e9824608649677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210097056.jpg?k=2ed564f0f6965dd012416d8821805e8d8d73a06ae94b87e875af05836d164992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/56022451.jpg?k=61949f10bbf704a50b89651166f53c8f43cd92c5181fc49c268c4fe0b0b21709&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179353283.jpg?k=5e19396ef068d1c9be62646cfcbb035d40532cfae5f8b7caf2a73a9b34c0ca5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210097048.jpg?k=65160cf50c1de6ab4b9dd9b091e8a051e55c15e9164edc7f2e63f183d14abef2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Diplomat 20 m"\n  - "Mon Cheri 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jakub"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Good location, comfortable bed, nice and helpful staff speaking good English. Terrace on the top floor with table where you can enjoy some drinks. Room was clean. Location within walking distance from the centre. Many restaurants and bars around....”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were super helpful and friendly and helped a lot, especially with information about how to get to the airport (as well as some printing that was required)! The breakfast was good and the room was clean, nicely decorated and comfortable....”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“excellent hotel. clean and comfortable room! amazing and friendly staff. perfect location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/classic-hotel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Classic Hotel is a testament to individuality, adorned with unique decorations and equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite TV, a desk, and a minibar. Guests can wake up to breathtaking panoramic views before refreshing in a private bathroom, complete with a bath or shower, hairdryer, and free toiletries. The day starts on a high note with a buffet breakfast, offering a variety of choices to suit every palate.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Classic Hotel invites guests to relax in its serene garden and terrace. The lounge bar serves as a cozy retreat for evening drinks, while the events room stands ready to host memorable gatherings.

Situated in a lively neighborhood, the hotel is encircled by an eclectic mix of bars, cafes, restaurants, and shops, ensuring that entertainment is never far away. For those looking to experience Tirana's nightlife, the renowned night clubs of the Blloku area are just 300 meters away. Nature enthusiasts and sports fans will appreciate the proximity to Tirana Lake and Park, as well as the Dianamo Stadium.

For travelers arriving by air, Tirana airport is located 25 km from the hotel, with a shuttle service available upon request to ensure a smooth transition to comfort and elegance. Classic Hotel not only promises a stay filled with convenience and charm but also positions itself as a gateway to exploring the vibrant culture and attractions of Tirana.