---\ntitle: "Classic House Hotel"\ndescription: "Classic House Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Korçë, located just 43 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849147.jpg?k=f1e905ab98186f72766fb02a2f4ee47e63f81931a6e1a6f776457d98fbd4caf4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: classic-house-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Kostandina Gace, 7002 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62321506\n  lng: 20.78117379\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849147.jpg?k=f1e905ab98186f72766fb02a2f4ee47e63f81931a6e1a6f776457d98fbd4caf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849164.jpg?k=0b7ddd82c6dcd31bf63c326746aac503d392efdba1b0f7d6f459736e9a995b4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485361805.jpg?k=db33788f095ca808499be4bf35410f9f6230a05813a9354ec57cc3c08d8ee1f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849157.jpg?k=f7babeea40705ed0e039993fd21b1fde79d87d67d398cdef4e4add9dc2e07073&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849151.jpg?k=89db6179fdd842b3ea6205e89aaf223baf0872663bf0d122858a78a34b02faaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427849117.jpg?k=79465c78fcf9288b5259ff5626a962f017670b4812780c74b65f4c8e938378f6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chris 30 m"\n  - "Back to Base 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klement"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Mikpritja super. Ambjent i ngrohtr me kondicioner, me shkalle perfekt . ✌️”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I really did enjoy my night at this small hotel. Its location is near at almost all important landmarks in the beautiful city of Korca. Its nice, i am thinking to book again when Easter comes.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/classic-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of amenities, including a shared kitchen and attentive room service, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is enjoyable. Each room is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a desk in every room, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. For those desiring the comforts of home, select rooms offer a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, an oven, and a microwave, alongside a spacious wardrobe.

Located a mere 43 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and 70 km from Kastoria National Airport, Classic House Hotel stands as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region.