---\ntitle: "Cleopatra"\ndescription: "Cleopatra Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës, positioned a mere 300 meters from the inviting sands of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478019747.jpg?k=22c6079fbd1bc0fa20942bb821dc583a23c169aa5a796373ef5794cb517a937f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cleopatra\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.308085\n  lng: 19.48930605\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478019747.jpg?k=22c6079fbd1bc0fa20942bb821dc583a23c169aa5a796373ef5794cb517a937f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478019760.jpg?k=27dcc84238aeea455a9f24fe02e9a040c4c3bc50e156d3bbb3f95ae7e633eb97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478019762.jpg?k=8e0b7f8e30858606b27b5ff179c7420e669cf66f384b0a85e9203ca294c625c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478019764.jpg?k=847d62d61b12db4fde73332696a821ed41943ed1522a0c998917ea19f4e128c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478019765.jpg?k=eeea34fc8d8fb41991af91ef771ab5aa500fbcd23d4a731443f74c441240ae87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479290788.jpg?k=0d6f482be8e6bd5ba627f54dd16313589e4e5da3b2a7f20ea7684a9f60075a04&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Relax 50 m"\n  - "Caffe Pascucci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 150 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cleopatra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically located, Cleopatra Hotel provides easy access to a variety of local attractions. It is a comfortable drive away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, situated 42 km away, offering breathtaking aerial views of the area. For those intrigued by historical and cultural sites, the Rock of Kavaje is just 6.2 km away, and the enigmatic Former Residence of Enver Hoxha stands 39 km from the hotel. Additionally, the heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is located 38 km away, presenting a perfect opportunity for guests to explore the vibrant local life.

Guests are welcomed into a meticulously designed air-conditioned apartment that promises a home-away-from-home experience. The apartment boasts a modern aesthetic with its flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen, ensuring both comfort and convenience during the stay.

For those keen on exploring further, the Durres Amphitheatre, a testament to the rich history of the area, is situated just 6.5 km from the hotel. Meanwhile, the House of Leaves, located 38 km away, offers a deep dive into the intriguing past of the region. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, located 33 km from Cleopatra, making it an accessible option for international and domestic travelers alike.

Cleopatra Hotel stands out as an exemplary choice for those in pursuit of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of adventure during their visit to Durrës.