---\ntitle: "Clinton Tirana Inn"\ndescription: "Clinton Tirana Inn emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499686289.jpg?k=d5e04706bf11f0f18e744c4032f9ca9c42203e65bd0c88f58534b6a08f9405b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: clinton-tirana-inn\naddress: "63 Rruga e Kavajës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32786433\n  lng: 19.81230418\nprice: "US$60"\npriceFrom: 60\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499686289.jpg?k=d5e04706bf11f0f18e744c4032f9ca9c42203e65bd0c88f58534b6a08f9405b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499686994.jpg?k=b576c7d6169e0e9bc686f156715ef1f8522c0b8339dbb4a8eaea04c18330324f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499686094.jpg?k=324be1cf977b2db71231deb568e44f41ab64b61a6ab459f089d973fee9f9dc01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499687143.jpg?k=187878fe2e73b9b0e54a0fc12d90b3047a4432b037e429040a10fa77d5b15ef2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499685218.jpg?k=11cd58cdee3ff604b19d19c421dd24800ee5876bd05571326b666b27ab0f7d6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503993589.jpg?k=7db7c31ef552277482420d98fdbe7e8953c0d45edbc8182f502b8d1f91c2f6c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 77 20 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and close to the center, for me it was a bit difficult to find it is not directly on the Rruga Kavajes but 20 meters in a small sideway, 😀 Owner picks you up when you don't find it. Thanks 😊”"\n  - name: "Kevin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“My recent stay at the hotel in Tirana, Albania was excellent! The location was perfect for exploring the city, with key attractions nearby. The room was comfortable and clean, and the hotel staff were incredibly welcoming and helpful. I'd...”"\n  - name: "Enri"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything in our stay was perfect. The room was newly finished and the decor was exceptional. Spacious and impeccably designed, it exuded modern elegance. The staff were very helpful and gave us a lot of suggestions to explore the beautiful city...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/clinton-tirana-inn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe inn prides itself on its array of modern amenities in each air-conditioned room. From a practical desk and a coffee machine for those morning rituals to a fridge and minibar for late-night snacks, every detail is thoughtfully provided. Safety is paramount, with each room equipped with a deposit box, ensuring peace of mind for all valuables. Entertainment and connectivity are just a click away with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the property. The private bathrooms, complete with showers, ensure privacy and convenience, while select rooms boast balconies for guests to enjoy their own slice of Tirana's skyline. Attention to comfort is evident, with every room stocked with fresh bed linen and towels.

The inn's multilingual staff, fluent in German, English, and Italian, stand ready to assist guests, ensuring a seamless stay. Whether it's local recommendations or assistance with services, the team at Clinton Tirana Inn goes above and beyond.

For those eager to explore, the inn's location serves as an ideal base. It's a stone's throw away from cultural landmarks such as the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. History enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the House of Leaves, while Rinia Park offers a green escape nearby.

For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, adds to the seamless experience offered by Clinton Tirana Inn. Whether it's the strategic location, the thoughtful amenities, or the attentive service, this inn stands as a testament to Tirana's welcoming spirit.