---\ntitle: "COASTAL APARTMENT 9th FLOUR"\ndescription: "COASTAL APARTMENT 9th FLOUR emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience along the picturesque shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605067.jpg?k=57a19b762ab34e263956040643b87dbec9df56eccf7839d9f5b930d3487c25db&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: coastal-apartment-9th-flour\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Mgjergo, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.312201\n  lng: 19.48066485\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605067.jpg?k=57a19b762ab34e263956040643b87dbec9df56eccf7839d9f5b930d3487c25db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524242737.jpg?k=abb22a1967a2e739687264c95f3813d33856714559f42c32b374a7f3ef890f6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605103.jpg?k=a478f461b97d05e07557e7814e243a95b4dc1cf5fe97d27030e437e77b3df672&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524242673.jpg?k=bad8de7c0e187129ebe106aa2854036bc4c980ecf8642a7969f84d803f42c707&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605083.jpg?k=f0eb85e53146089f8d6acf9c5958a3817d9642b91e8c32c19ed66ace9fa0782d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481204787.jpg?k=04bcbc25f8da2d9da983268eca77275bd68b4fa835d39af90d72120857943780&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605024.jpg?k=3a9852db7acb7fa7a080fb483104453fe6c9d684e417b8161e7bdd2dde3e5403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605101.jpg?k=ea94b0146e4279a63f09723eb69f29a1eb7be9916f2e2fd198d59e5111023396&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522605073.jpg?k=a1a551d142f76e5e3d31ec55642d6c6db00ab39855d45913f90d16cd61df2556&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kreperia Hen1 20 m"\n  - "Venera 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything simple and perfect, clean, beautiful view, friendly host. I recommend this place”"\n  - name: "Marion"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“L'appartement est super bien situé, il a la plage a 2min les restaurants sont en bas de l'immeuble, les visites en centre ville sont a 20/30min a pied. Le monsieur était très gentil. C'était propre et simple comme je voulais.
Je recommande.”"\n  - name: "Uvejs"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr herzhafter gastgeber und für jede Hilfe offen. Balkon war super mit perfektem Strandblick”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/coastal-apartment-9th-flour.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem offers guests the luxury of waking up to breathtaking sea views from the comfort of their private balcony, complemented by the convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. The fully equipped kitchen and modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a bidet and hair dryer, add to the homely feel of the accommodation. The attention to detail extends to the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, enhancing the overall guest experience.

The family-friendly atmosphere of COASTAL APARTMENT 9th FLOUR is further accentuated by its exclusive family rooms, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with loved ones. The property's proximity to notable attractions such as the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, along with easy access to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, positions it as a convenient base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the region.

For those who appreciate the finer details, the inclusion of a bar within the apartment complex offers a perfect setting to unwind after a day of adventure. COASTAL APARTMENT 9th FLOUR not only promises a stay that is as relaxing as it is enriching but also delivers an experience that is sure to leave guests longing to return.