---\ntitle: "Coastal Horizon Deluxe Apartment"\ndescription: "Coastal Horizon Deluxe Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751309.jpg?k=5eb841109c97eccfcf2979ec8d9864cfd5108112f41ce6cfa7b5da8464702f77&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: coastal-horizon-deluxe-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28073991\n  lng: 19.51320235\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751309.jpg?k=5eb841109c97eccfcf2979ec8d9864cfd5108112f41ce6cfa7b5da8464702f77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751290.jpg?k=6801857592381f8f7b1ab465640222585d34d5dd62b681341132061dbea7061b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751318.jpg?k=ff532d3c7992804e6d27357be681636b6995696dd6eb7fee53f607469c24566d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751367.jpg?k=b1dd64a7659e90ec40d6ab20e1201a0d82b1b23ce8dca035e3058279c89523e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751344.jpg?k=956fe2f52fc04a8baff2bbc16c82766addf3665d41618ae72618e5ea28e0106d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751294.jpg?k=452414b0c45ece18394a06c9623cae3751994c0f19ee34d906c6835e3354918b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751332.jpg?k=84ddf20dd2c25eee02276ff669e53282ec35044cdf92b95808c2915b958bacbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751297.jpg?k=cc3f32d3f76384bf532bdc8c34a8bd75b71c81daeb0931892aaccf4d7bcb07ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473751354.jpg?k=3b7cdca7639e57cd80f46da50b293d9e4ad1f9f9da22eb027c4c8f969287e750&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirona 50 m"\n  - "Bar Gerti 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iulia"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Apartamentul exact ca in poze, gazda excelenta, mereu sa rezolve dacă era ceva, zona perfecta, marea la efectiv 2 pași, o sa revenim cu drag!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/coastal-horizon-deluxe-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in elegance and functionality, featuring a spacious bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their own meals, and a sleek bathroom. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have all the comforts of home at their fingertips. The addition of air conditioning and complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, making it as comfortable as it is memorable.

Adding to the appeal is the apartment's commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests. The private balcony offers a serene spot to unwind and soak in the coastal ambiance, making it a perfect retreat for both relaxation and contemplation.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Coastal Horizon Deluxe Apartment is conveniently located within easy reach of notable attractions. The historic Skanderbeg Square lies 42 km away, offering a deep dive into the local culture and history, while the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 46 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for an adventurous escape with breathtaking views.

Accessibility is seamless, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 36 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for both domestic and international guests.

In summary, Coastal Horizon Deluxe Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, promising a blend of serene beachfront living with the convenience of modern amenities and easy access to local attractions. It's an ideal spot for those looking to experience the best of Durrës in a comfortable, welcoming setting.