---\ntitle: "Cocktail & Dreams Hotel Saranda"\ndescription: "Cocktail & Dreams Hotel Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146243184.jpg?k=1f44c9a4c5be033d80b246ef8c6a1f02ad50ff0a415877511efdb5502d442721&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cocktail-dreams-hotel-saranda\naddress: "Mitat Hoxha, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.871511\n  lng: 19.99449\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 136\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146243184.jpg?k=1f44c9a4c5be033d80b246ef8c6a1f02ad50ff0a415877511efdb5502d442721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308838932.jpg?k=2bf9c7976ccb61e6356f6f82f4e9d6c7a4f41b612ff186026c77664f2321da17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385978727.jpg?k=7a077b2869bde21a088d9df8778006144f754fbc406488d14667eedd7641b0c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308836937.jpg?k=0c2a0297fa34be828a8debd329fb625d76e4af9dec9a329ccfb1a07fd0c0bc33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153879621.jpg?k=ed87a08ad98bf51fd2a4d01a16a5e8ae5a9d6cf0360be9be923836a22e8e3dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213496895.jpg?k=9125dd146da31fcbd723f115ffb9c787934575c8b69038e8defd66a8a2f2abbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463571408.jpg?k=a84788660d80fc0b9141168e4ab8fd76a02d013d4db4333ae16af1f2f69bc652&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/81814475.jpg?k=facb33dedb0b126aade40e13094bb2f1d28454fdcc9d3bee94c0486333c42ef3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218883045.jpg?k=f7605a54f0d6c339a2bb1663a14125979e23607e402b7a2acd2eedf26b42c92f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Joni 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Firstly the staff at the hotel were all very nice and sociable, making us feel at home. The location is perfect for a relaxing beach front stay ,as well as easily accessing the busy part of sarande by foot.
The fish at the hotel was exceptional...”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The beach was beautiful and the staff were so friendly”"\n  - name: "Mansi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Its indeed the best we a place to stay in saranda. I stayed in 4 different hotels but this one was exceptional. Exceptional customer service, amazing view of the beach from breakfast table and room❤️ I am a vegetarian so generally i do not get more...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dream-saranda-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuest accommodations at Cocktail & Dreams Hotel Saranda are thoughtfully designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each room boasts a balcony offering breathtaking views of the sea, creating the perfect backdrop for a relaxing stay. Rooms are equipped with essential amenities such as a television and a refrigerator, ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable experience. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, and complimentary toiletries are provided for added convenience.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional services, including a 24-hour front desk, ensuring guests' needs are attended to at any hour. The on-site bar is a highlight, offering a selection of refreshments that can be enjoyed on the spacious terrace, which features stunning sea views. Additionally, a dry cleaning service is available, adding to the convenience of the stay.

For those looking to explore beyond Sarandë, Corfu Airport is accessible via a direct ferry line, located 35 km away. Guests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary parking offered by the hotel, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.

Cocktail & Dreams Hotel Saranda stands out as a premier destination for those in search of a peaceful beach retreat combined with the convenience of nearby attractions and amenities.