---\ntitle: "Colorful Comfy Condo CENTRAL Tirana (with Balcony)"\ndescription: "Colorful Comfy Condo CENTRAL Tirana (with Balcony) emerges as a vibrant choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406112888.jpg?k=82951a2706a4e013dfdf5a0714a5805aae06b073ccd2e5cb42abe58035a4551d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: colorful-comfy-condo-central-tirana-with-balcony\naddress: "Rruga Isa Boletini, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33257652\n  lng: 19.82029701\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406112888.jpg?k=82951a2706a4e013dfdf5a0714a5805aae06b073ccd2e5cb42abe58035a4551d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406113658.jpg?k=6088835a478df06e91b870e1e6b692770881df70bfe7e58807133489c3978efd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438332920.jpg?k=b18bbd37e06d7e040cb97706e565c261d1ed172c5ab7450b200ab789db56b0a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406113657.jpg?k=268ffb41b2ffd9bf2d18f51f34cda6f5cfc24bab2e68a04c3ccc629fed66322b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406113650.jpg?k=e3461520a7addf1182700e450304fe0e90aee6908943efb0ce3a20e5b255c92e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438333638.jpg?k=c2b43245390347f3130f358f4d1f0b564d8ce5766b65f43e336452eb2320b0b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406113654.jpg?k=a4b1783b7cffce64bd2e38e36fdfb4b43a53126d6bbaea09f949e470615ccd28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438332919.jpg?k=d10ba14a2933a6b99c2b2c341afcef74c35f6bb867f7117cf7083a86f7891119&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406113641.jpg?k=7a9bcf2de77527c97be82b7803c10cba903b075cf9ba5d0d61b136351156e73f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Harli 50 m"\n  - "Orzo Meal&More 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Niels"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was good, albeit a bit difficult to find the gate entrance. The host is very great with communication though with plenty of details on how to get there. The apartment itself was gorgeous!”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect about the check-in and accommodation - very clean, comfortable and with plenty of facilities. The hosts were super helpful and the communication was excellent.”"\n  - name: "Armin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Friendly and easy going host, comfortable and well equipped apartment with a great bed! Great location too!
Everything as described in the offering.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/colorful-comfy-condo-central-tirana-with-balcony.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property distinguishes itself with its brightly decorated spaces that include a welcoming bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting streaming services, and a balcony that adds a touch of relaxation to the urban setting. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave and fridge, alongside a convenient washing machine, ensures guests feel at home. The bathroom, featuring a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the condo's attention to guest comfort.

Adding to its appeal, the apartment boasts a private entrance, enhancing the sense of privacy and exclusivity for guests. Its non-smoking policy ensures a clean and fresh environment throughout the stay.

Strategically located, the condo is within easy reach of notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions and shopping sprees alike. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Colorful Comfy Condo CENTRAL Tirana (with Balcony) stands out as a top choice for travelers who prioritize location, comfort, and a splash of color in their accommodation choices in Tirana.