---\ntitle: "Columbus Villas"\ndescription: "Columbus Villas emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Vermosh, located within the picturesque Shkoder County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487034295.jpg?k=c532386a74eaa1510014ca30a212707fb16a6a3efea57d80ec6f49d6d51bbecd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: columbus-villas\naddress: "Lumi i Vermoshit, 4304 Vermosh, Albania"\ncity: "Vermosh"\nlocation: "Vermosh"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.589625\n  lng: 19.6948337\nprice: "US$194"\npriceFrom: 194\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487034295.jpg?k=c532386a74eaa1510014ca30a212707fb16a6a3efea57d80ec6f49d6d51bbecd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487034310.jpg?k=049f9d3a6bd942a8bd6992b4c990083b0904b9ecd3aae02e7eac64615eaee7bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487034850.jpg?k=6502c3465008b7b898abd70402f8a25f33cc692980aa38c16b517a8c0523c23c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487033967.jpg?k=0de5fda9421bec80fd9df9b9d9124a5c35fc85298b242c0c5ad86d8e22693ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487034139.jpg?k=1d582cc4f30c48fad5f82c02f88d67eed2b55f2a08c0bdf9961fee5d5305e3ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413408260.jpg?k=462f1c62bb0514501dff9dd84ca6539e8b942677f57a8343aaaffa046996d472&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Superior Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Naçaj 200 m"\n  - "Cafe Hotel Natyra 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Prokletije National Park 4.9 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 15 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 17 km"\n  - "Memorial Park Knjazevac 18 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Loneta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“If you want to spend a cozy night, this is the perfect getaway villa. The ambiance was wonderfully quiet and cozy, and all the facilities provided ensured a comfortable retreat.”"\n  - name: "Niels"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Fairly new and modern villa with all that you can think of. Beautiful environment, good beds and a fireplace made our stay simply unforgettable.
The owner was really friendly and helpful. Also, the Pinot Grigio they sell is one of the best we ever...”"\n  - name: "Denis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The service was excellent. It was a village with nice people.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/columbus-villas.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests at Columbus Villas are treated to well-appointed units, each boasting a flat-screen TV for entertainment. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with every unit featuring its own private bathroom. For those who prefer to whip up their own meals, select rooms come equipped with a fully functional kitchen, adding a touch of home to the travel experience.

The allure of Columbus Villas is further enhanced by its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected, and free private parking, making arrivals and departures a breeze. The addition of a garden and access to a balcony in certain units allows visitors to immerse themselves in the natural beauty that surrounds Vermosh.

Situated a mere 69 km from Podgorica Airport, Columbus Villas stands as an accessible haven for both local and international travelers, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable.