---\ntitle: "Come&Recome Tirana Apartments"\ndescription: "Come&Recome Tirana Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491860696.jpg?k=a5eb4bfe4459638b6066822fa00dec3dba61aa05a67edaa1a534f819d4f949b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: come-recome-tirana-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Margarita Tutulani 2 Floor, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31597661\n  lng: 19.81211886\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 52\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491860696.jpg?k=a5eb4bfe4459638b6066822fa00dec3dba61aa05a67edaa1a534f819d4f949b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491861542.jpg?k=a27dc00b4c11da77bc503f795e227e01cb7587e554a815a752c8d59e3e78ea5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491861977.jpg?k=c62bdc3547378233e16f051e4a4e11546979b1f0d4928f580fa3b9dd0226cc99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488422135.jpg?k=55a5ff571bf2861bac3c25535c34bae2a1dfea8b8497175769eae2295e2b84ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491862936.jpg?k=a582bf59dc4a6683449c7aa43cff6f480890b8e0ebdccd8b2b3ebb824067577e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491865307.jpg?k=7738805cb5d85d026ccda4e0189148076ea8939a5fe8b6d5fc31f9ab33d048c0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Saimon Burgers 100 m"\n  - "Mad Lounge 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florentina"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“I was in Tirana for the MMA world championship. This hotel was very close to the stadium so the location was great. It had everything you need in walking distance. The apartment was beautiful and very clean. The host was very helpful and...”"\n  - name: "Iona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing apartment - light, clean and comfortable. In a great location but looking onto a quiet courtyard area. Friendly and helpful host”"\n  - name: "Madeline"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was perfect ..Best place I have ever stayed on booking.com.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/come-amp-recome-tirana-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Come&Recome Tirana Apartments is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a private entrance that underscores the complex's commitment to privacy and ease. The interiors are thoughtfully appointed with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, catering to the entertainment needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area in each unit adds a touch of home, while the private bathroom comes stocked with slippers, a shower, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the premises, with select rooms also boasting the added luxury of a balcony. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, reflecting the establishment's dedication to guest satisfaction.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, the convenience of an on-site minimarket enhances the stay experience. Moreover, the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Grand Park of Tirana invites guests to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the city. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Come&Recome Tirana Apartments stands out as an accessible and inviting option for both leisure and business travelers looking for an authentic Tirana experience.