---\ntitle: "Comfy 2 BR Apartment"\ndescription: "Comfy 2 BR Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking spacious and comfortable accommodation in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488119813.jpg?k=1675aa302d1e9752a149090e0194e75be4e17278bf5db0c771ff447f809dd2bd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfy-2-br-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Siri Kodra, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33855961\n  lng: 19.81894747\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488119813.jpg?k=1675aa302d1e9752a149090e0194e75be4e17278bf5db0c771ff447f809dd2bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488120544.jpg?k=e9de9cc4394dec12fcaa6640163dcc25dbaa757dc3e7e419d447358c44d088c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488120883.jpg?k=f88e0335f67b07df83acb4ab3ea22c31f7e76f75909bf4587a8b265ba2c123e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488119978.jpg?k=4b722b4f8d01bf88804db74fd927aa68b0f651a994fc9bb6d3929c3d04cb4735&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488120345.jpg?k=838994f551be4a788fc205927fa428be21d48204577e4895036e0db72cf59328&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488121026.jpg?k=3c8dbf853ee881c85d8c5033d21d0385a7683c62b347ad09bbe78136127e0834&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488120168.jpg?k=98031709c8ab71afd2f873b8f60f1c9b1103e32e819ba6526c13bea80147eb5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488120419.jpg?k=f31f316ff86373234aa094aa7cc5227db744fab8051e71db60e20caa6ef5df82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488119694.jpg?k=664dfe2724e32636a7c15b3f9062fb82f94d56fa44f554eca92177b418b8f704&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 6 m"\n  - "Trinity 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Konieczna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“All was the best. Very clean, big apartaments. Was all What we needed. 11/10! We are very excited!”"\n  - name: "Giovenale"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Grande disponibilità e sollecitudine nell'accoglierci con un preavviso minimo. La casa è grande, accogliente, pulita, ben organizzata. Situata in un quartiere tranquillo, a 15 minuti a piedi dal centro e con bus per il centro della città proprio...”"\n  - name: "Di̇lan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Konumu Tiran merkeze 10/15 dakika yürüme mesafesindeydi. Evde yeme içmeyi düşünüyorsanız da tüm gereçler mevcut. Ev sahibimiz gibi ev de çok güzeldi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfy-2-br-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and a cozy seating area for relaxation. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV, while the inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet adds a touch of luxury. The highlight for many, however, is the outdoor dining area on the terrace, allowing guests to enjoy meals al fresco.

Adding to the convenience, Comfy 2 BR Apartment provides complimentary WiFi and private parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For those looking to explore Tirana at their own pace, a car rental service is readily available on-site.

Cultural enthusiasts and shopping aficionados alike will be delighted by the apartment's proximity to key attractions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, arriving and departing could not be easier.

In summary, Comfy 2 BR Apartment stands out as an exemplary choice for guests desiring a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their stay in Tirana.