---\ntitle: "Comfort,excellence."\ndescription: "Comfort, Excellence stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort during their stay in Kamëz."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049163.jpg?k=95a3db0e406446d49191312fed010ea8c63057bd5a9a00484706cae9274d08cb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfort-excellence\naddress: "Bulevardi Blu, 1001 Kamëz, Albania"\ncity: "Kamëz"\nlocation: "Kamëz"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.37303219\n  lng: 19.76674703\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049163.jpg?k=95a3db0e406446d49191312fed010ea8c63057bd5a9a00484706cae9274d08cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049270.jpg?k=ab95f2bdf4ea32abfd8840e4e363bc06ac3cd7db0eea12e0f4b0fe103f795826&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049267.jpg?k=df434333bf2e3c686c5ed455e4c71b8cb84e6e4690442a001324858cd2bf18a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049260.jpg?k=6548bb67748d679b9275552cdfff85480033581372b2d7e99c2d589f1049e75c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049250.jpg?k=5d41f3c2540ff668c997708f4ee9f95ed3ff05f54f299ff2182fae1907a4b601&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049273.jpg?k=ea9193592da4df7bd6a6903df0832bac81903b47516f83fd1a67f742ccbfabf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049238.jpg?k=bc077f3715a9b3e6c666f57f05fed1acac72092d3c2d33c753b7db8371b93425&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049265.jpg?k=38910d2a34c7d8ec31a1b358591eed67e238efee6a57040921fb1fa14bedffc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049230.jpg?k=17d5e03e7dc51107d0c5c27908c0df93457fab613a15fd73300c8babbb81a27e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (44 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 8 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matteo"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Clean, modern and spacious. I just needed a place close to airport the morning after and that worked perfectly.”"\n  - name: "Festim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was amazing, the flat really was beautiful and finished to a high standard, super clean and just overall a great stay in a lovely newly built flat! The bed was very comfortable and the furniture was great quality.”"\n  - name: "Karine"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Mooi appartement, fijne en complete keuken. Prima bedden. Mooit uitzicht. Schoon”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfort-excellence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nThis exceptional apartment not only boasts a serene terrace and the luxury of air conditioning but also ensures guests enjoy the ease of complimentary private parking and WiFi connectivity throughout their stay. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Comfort, Excellence is conveniently positioned just 9.3 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha.

Guests are welcomed into a spacious living area, complete with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home, while the presence of a fireplace elevates the comfort level, making it a cozy retreat after a day of exploration.

For those keen on venturing further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 40 km, offering another facet of Albania's natural beauty, whereas the House of Leaves is a mere 8.5 km away, presenting a cultural excursion close by. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 6 km away, underscores the convenience of Comfort, Excellence for international travelers.

In summary, Comfort, Excellence emerges as a top recommendation for guests seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and connectivity, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Kamëz.