---\ntitle: "Comfy Modern Urban Apartment - Central"\ndescription: "Comfy Modern Urban Apartment - Central emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162017.jpg?k=2287917e149a38a70d268aeac9435a60ab522651936291365dfe0f4353a87f9a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfy-modern-urban-apartment-central\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Tiranes, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3334243\n  lng: 19.8096288\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162017.jpg?k=2287917e149a38a70d268aeac9435a60ab522651936291365dfe0f4353a87f9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162137.jpg?k=2da653f6087b6df39338dc5d61ceb71d3a4b194cab29eb6261f001b828b6b930&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162149.jpg?k=3846fc85b2a7b5050257de0294aee802b0c2b197c47c9ed481cbb353818d876d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162125.jpg?k=23b48db09578ba7058a329095e1b8c8b4f529b969f185f65402e98252dbbfd4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162104.jpg?k=30b8576750850da95f64f2975d206ed47775bcbe99f42b48736eb61cc93ddc7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162112.jpg?k=20585ad017e27fcaab5e4c5e0be9177292d4a35121d5fa179882504063103b8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162127.jpg?k=8bcd5f5375ff1f0192cfe917f08b02f5089096d439154931f134e9473660c2cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162116.jpg?k=a39c6a7caadcde9036ba2aabbea10c682d3bb92cc0559a34518fbb8eb7032569&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449162096.jpg?k=95c892a134b79087d6a289e39c2aa82e7351687a6b0e38c80c6e852687325689&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorantpicari 50 m"\n  - "Ani 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The place is fairly spacious and esthetically pleasing. There are numerous useful businesses literally steps away from the apartment, including grocery stores, a bakery, a pharmacy, various cafes etc. Wi-Fi and AC worked well and we were...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfy-modern-urban-apartment-central.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis one-bedroom apartment doesn't just boast a prime location; it is a haven of modern amenities. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a washing machine, alongside provided towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those interested in delving into Albania's history and culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. These attractions offer guests a glimpse into the country's rich heritage and vibrant arts scene.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for international guests. While private parking is available for an additional charge, the convenience it offers adds to the seamless experience of staying at Comfy Modern Urban Apartment - Central.

In summary, Comfy Modern Urban Apartment - Central stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a highly recommended choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana.