---\ntitle: "COMFY CITY CENTER APARTMENT"\ndescription: "COMFY CITY CENTER APARTMENT in Shkodër stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just 48 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499938545.jpg?k=19e7b858f47e259fbddbeb4e8af80ebfc1ba57f88d6786a04bfb3de21ea819e4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfy-city-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Draçini, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06886859\n  lng: 19.51170672\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499938545.jpg?k=19e7b858f47e259fbddbeb4e8af80ebfc1ba57f88d6786a04bfb3de21ea819e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476079436.jpg?k=5c6ca22fcaeaadd5477fad8b6177a495d5a3cd8cd171dc69478af9e378902c28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475652956.jpg?k=024b8099ca8bacf2a56c0d5db9a9b26dc757b426d6e8761e50257ac744fd39ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499938963.jpg?k=ab780ff242d557a3801cc0b8be3288f9b4e3c08c616cc01a05d4bb100943d7bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475652876.jpg?k=9f9d5a68f5f34214a753b945ea8a68ea88253422d3be577f536ba7b0065f7fdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476079356.jpg?k=f91c9f80e9901d6104f213b8f825e6c6a4b336eb91abba80091e6ee46c58a623&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475652908.jpg?k=121d460fd0ffb1d8a5d1c45d9ad914b69e118489a3c4354f35a114b9a73ee610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499936810.jpg?k=223af9f7cd5df9e2998af635518ad6d47a9d40571801865804acb119f16f869b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499936721.jpg?k=56d58971be47a7edca7bed94538240c1a9ef70443da287e1f1b290628912c825&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sonata 20 m"\n  - "ZODIAC BAR 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.9 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 37 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomorr"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Easy to get in the center of the city. Easy to find what you need around. Very quiet place night times. There are a lot of bars and restaurants nearby.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect accommodation, walking distance to all the locations in Shkodra. The house was very well organised, providing everything a house has, making you feel right at home.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was perfect and the house really comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfy-city-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with essential linens and towels. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV that comes with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. The inclusion of a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen allows for home-cooked meals, adding a touch of home away from home. Perhaps one of its most charming features is the balcony that offers captivating city views, complemented by an outdoor dining area for guests to enjoy the ambiance of Shkodër.

For convenience, the apartment is serviced by a lift and features a minimarket on the premises, ensuring that guests' needs are met without having to venture far. The provision of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that connectivity is never an issue.

Located in an area celebrated for its walking and bike tours, COMFY CITY CENTER APARTMENT not only encourages exploration of the local culture and scenery but also facilitates it with car hire services and complimentary use of bicycles. This makes it an ideal base for adventurers looking to explore Shkodër and its surroundings.

With Podgorica Airport just 58 km away, the apartment is reasonably accessible for international travelers. The nearby supermarket adds another layer of convenience, making this apartment a well-rounded choice for those seeking a comfortable and convenient stay in Shkodër.