---\ntitle: "Comfortable apartment next to the beach"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of seaside living at \"Comfortable Apartment Next to the Beach,\" a prime destination located a mere 70 meters from the pristine shores of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141399109.jpg?k=7671cb7a81df50c6c024fb8d24bdf9e29183ee6f221f154cefb227ded5146edb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfortable-apartment-next-to-the-beach\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.313856\n  lng: 19.475534\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141399109.jpg?k=7671cb7a81df50c6c024fb8d24bdf9e29183ee6f221f154cefb227ded5146edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464770363.jpg?k=3c87cbf7796d34258126fa4b4da1f22d6cd01233098da99c00efe8e1d63d25e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288050191.jpg?k=ce52f48f708d969ef9889407e6993cea61daddb9f9f81a454f0e9b5f88e62fd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464770364.jpg?k=c89534861022fb2c1a53f5fa125314c113c71d2422114057c1fd013511f755b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464770375.jpg?k=5d5510cc97a31513ce22daad7c9d09b9715a19f4334cbd9cff3c1649927b8b5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464770216.jpg?k=83f880c963817e289c060f56cddabd4cbb12e7d26aca1db6574669153bade147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464770356.jpg?k=292da89ad5ea82dd5a9db5725c7818d562e6833f7b6aaa30e3f6fbb1e81201d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288050126.jpg?k=63054d3a2eca4822dc3551a2891a146fd52b14917ed97eb4c4f0132483741fe8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141399133.jpg?k=aa183f6c19bb03f770222cda2ac8570ea9af80b42e76249c7f0a6072eed4b07f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rizai 30 m"\n  - "Wine IF12 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 40 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great apartment with nice view, right next to the beach. Very good contact with host.”"\n  - name: "Tamás"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Vártak a szálláson, fedett garázsba tették az autóm. A szállásadó nagyon közremüködő volt a tenger pár lépésre az egyik legszebb legkiépitettebb Albániában.”"\n  - name: "Qorraj"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Gjithqka ishte ne rregull afer plazhit pastertija maksimum sjellja shum shum e mir Respekt per gjith punojsit veqanti per zotri Luanin nje njeri i veqant Respekt Shpend Qorraj”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfortable-apartment-next-to-the-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, boasting a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom complete with essential linens and towels, and a living area that invites relaxation with its flat-screen TV and cable channels. The heart of this home away from home is undoubtedly the fully equipped kitchen, which flows into a dining area, making it perfect for self-catering enthusiasts. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views – an ideal backdrop for meals in the outdoor dining area.

Privacy and exclusivity are paramount here, with a private entrance that adds an extra layer of comfort to your stay. Situated just 41 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and within easy reach of the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as a perfect base for exploring the local area. Moreover, the historical significance of the region is highlighted by its proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 37 km away.

For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 31 km from the property, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure a smooth transition to this coastal retreat.

"Comfortable Apartment Next to the Beach" is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and serene landscapes of Durrës, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both adventure and relaxation by the sea.