---\ntitle: "Comfort Inn ll"\ndescription: "Comfort Inn II emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446044273.jpg?k=899de3fd64b39e8d97f50d9fc26e9dcd2b3b96167912c57d06bf648c39b367d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfort-inn-ll\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3403895\n  lng: 19.82935266\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446044273.jpg?k=899de3fd64b39e8d97f50d9fc26e9dcd2b3b96167912c57d06bf648c39b367d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375175.jpg?k=d8e5d0a99dd7ef8d3969f4ede9e6f76ffab8301700d353e4e9b82ed60f8ca02d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375460.jpg?k=5fd89543424e8f7fec6e032c5205f0ec192af7361da6134b2703c59cb71f481b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375639.jpg?k=b0458a70d5d1a23d754c53323dfe396cacc6f65a5522913326d402a412ec74df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375016.jpg?k=9f0649680feed38b10d4c0752b91b473f797523e703df672bd5b8209d83613b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446044304.jpg?k=3cadccfb41a922e095bea3cdb74f80e2462bdda87836e146eb51825dc45f30c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375072.jpg?k=254f25465493dd7f86ef8e4da263d7aec4b016ed5da6e49bc888d5a5ed1a670d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446382478.jpg?k=3205bde4d1e5f17e4d3b9a266184f7a1b219506958b277a8a5a8a99a8b3f239c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446375569.jpg?k=bc2600ba01c90243f8805ac85b85bb417a79372e81e69f4740a86b4c055b0cee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon SE Sugar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aldi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Greate lacation with free parking. Everything was very clean and some amentities were frovided like towels, body wash and utensils. The apartments was equiped with a balcony, ac, and a smart tv with youtube and netflix.”"\n  - name: "Franceska"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was clean and comfy. The host was friendly and helped us with the accomodation.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfort-inn-ll.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment within Comfort Inn II is generously sized, featuring a bedroom, a living area, a bathroom, and a kitchen that comes fully equipped to cater to guests' culinary needs. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV, and for those staying a bit longer, laundry services are at their disposal.

For quick essentials or snacks, guests will find a minimarket conveniently located on-site. Additionally, the property boasts a serene garden, inviting guests to unwind in a tranquil setting.

Situated in a vibrant area of Tirana, Comfort Inn II is just a stone's throw away from notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania. For those arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, with the apartment offering airport transfers and car rental services to facilitate seamless travel arrangements.

In summary, Comfort Inn II stands out as an ideal lodging option for those looking to explore the rich culture and history of Tirana, offering a comfortable stay with convenient amenities and easy access to the city's most celebrated sites.