---\ntitle: "Comfort Apartment Tirana Center"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of convenience and comfort at Comfort Apartment Tirana Center, a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of city exploration and homely comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252905.jpg?k=822045cd31f157a92ba1f8404ec9f5c6e5398ed62ae5fdd4568e020dd9dfe2a8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfort-apartment-tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33314796\n  lng: 19.81961982\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252905.jpg?k=822045cd31f157a92ba1f8404ec9f5c6e5398ed62ae5fdd4568e020dd9dfe2a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252909.jpg?k=df7145659e908528aa9891bc5c3157d6b42ec39a37d052badbfd7313b0309522&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252913.jpg?k=946c8782df294224ef1e6dbf7c57f0e81329914b59e5a62fedad9230406bbca0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252901.jpg?k=4ef898d7517a7172601b504350de352cce22c76a86e493fa56cda62c8b87db4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252911.jpg?k=aec269e235ccd855ae011c27a9195f8c3bd7f1037d31cce39b7a44dc56b49aac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252921.jpg?k=d73bbd72b0ef121d614c6cd4c2d0812d7e89fe4e201d9dc36764fff88ad6d114&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252902.jpg?k=d7ba2bdf4eef3581890fad93cb76a243f0f74511b1cdf60984da5f32325469a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252903.jpg?k=4373098f56913baab7688bd4b79adcea1f35eb4ecad77b74fea5c734abb62c9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462252899.jpg?k=425b37d4f9d0a989ae081bf0e15b92b23e228f90605477cef3cdb1aa3b35c51f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golosa 50 m"\n  - "Harli 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anghel"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It is in the city center, new , clean and comfortable, simple yet modern !”"\n  - name: "Elton"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice and clean. Sleeping wise we found it very comfortable for a family of 4. It was a spacious apartment and the host was very easy to communicate with. Would definitely recommend.”"\n  - name: "Janne"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Perfect, luxuriously apartment. Location is very close to all major attractions. Lovely owner.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfort-apartment-tirana-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a sanctuary of modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Albanian days. It comprises a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with an oven and a coffee machine. The bathroom is well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary slippers, enhancing the comfort of your stay. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, ensuring a hassle-free experience.

Guests will appreciate the commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh setting throughout their stay. The allure of Comfort Apartment Tirana Center is not just limited to its interiors. Its location is a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich history and vibrant lifestyle, with the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the intriguing House of Leaves all within easy reach.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi access across the property. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 13 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Comfort Apartment Tirana Center stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering both the independence of apartment living and the convenience of a central location, making it an ideal base for both short-term and extended stays in Tirana.