---\ntitle: "Comfort 2 Apartment"\ndescription: "Comfort 2 Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431496496.jpg?k=c6c46c1740579d5bf1c7f839b6f9e16e42ab3e66b371abb0a70c3324a91db25e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfort-2-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87685406\n  lng: 20.00995255\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431496496.jpg?k=c6c46c1740579d5bf1c7f839b6f9e16e42ab3e66b371abb0a70c3324a91db25e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218756.jpg?k=7b217f03d3837435dfab54cdae7ca945ed75a1ad88f2ab6c4754a8a827bf86bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218785.jpg?k=17e7af685fafc04e21582c2875cdea668d3aac4faa40ed05d2e42d25469dd5e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218782.jpg?k=87aaaff3347256fb68278a081bf98c3676cfbe9c3293f5272fe33d81224b28dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218784.jpg?k=0fd46d73ad72018034fbe05c351af316d2c290cf8ea628ff289d74cb187f1091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218783.jpg?k=f520bf9e757c6c6ea45075433494b621ab715a82c784ca5cdb36806c8ce35d65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218773.jpg?k=ca19e88c31cfdcdf0bedaa9c82c703b3fe4ae5213be3cce4b6fa3462b1db90ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420218774.jpg?k=ad8d7008293dac6ab1e55a127fd2bd07247569d3ea5b52f81c2282802ac490f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438116006.jpg?k=45bb701e67da86d240c52d5eb8f9b7b2971b4998c6f293e7e600970361674046&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Isufi 200 m"\n  - "Time 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 350 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“A perfect locațion for thos who love movement, a beautiful view of the city, the Lekuresi Castle and the Sarande riviera.Spacious with good facilities for those who prepare their own meals, a lot of clean and well-maintained furniture even if it...”"\n  - name: "Debra"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Very satisfied.
Andrea was so welcoming and even helped us with our bags.
The apartment was clean, very spacious, had a separate bedroom, and a comfortable bed. The kitchen was fully equipped, which was great as we like to cook our own...”"\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment with everything you need. Comfortable bed.
Amazing bath towels large fridge.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunrise-apartment-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, boasting air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and on-site parking at no extra cost. Security is a priority, with full-day monitoring, alongside amenities such as luggage storage and currency exchange services, ensuring a worry-free stay for all guests.

Featuring a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea, the apartment includes a bedroom, a spacious living room, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances like an oven and a toaster. The bathroom is well-appointed with a bidet, and for those who prefer dining al fresco, there's an outdoor dining area that presents a picturesque backdrop of the mountains. Convenience is further enhanced with the provision of bed linen, towels, and an ironing service.

For guests looking to explore the local area or venture further afield, a car rental service is readily available on-site. The apartment's strategic location also places it within easy reach of Sarande Main Beach and the historic Butrint National Park, offering a mix of leisure and cultural activities. For essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises adds to the convenience.

Situated 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Comfort 2 Apartment stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of Sarandë, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.