---\ntitle: "COMFORT APARTMENT City Center Tirana"\ndescription: "COMFORT APARTMENT City Center Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500704.jpg?k=b43161472e97a00d16194ae2254741065bf80bdac995c264dea792287792e7c2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: comfort-apartment-city-center-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Haxhi Hysen Dalliu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33337614\n  lng: 19.81164782\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500704.jpg?k=b43161472e97a00d16194ae2254741065bf80bdac995c264dea792287792e7c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500722.jpg?k=7f0d2ab5e87de11e7ec2fc3a8209d7c01d9705e73f1f9ad5714533ea7a4a674c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526506742.jpg?k=b5eb9e290206aaa866e0b5ad323b05b0fec2c2bff93d9d4ae70babc97d806bd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500736.jpg?k=2b0c62902b7f6e667d5246a1eb4403a6f1323cab6d0a596723a6148d5758e821&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500750.jpg?k=e74cf436c875e5ff970165a8133f16a509a9d664ffaa99fb69390626a5b8340f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526507093.jpg?k=26816aede1bc32d8210cbf318ddd373dc60fb7022bbe70a3cc9da5958c5645d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500742.jpg?k=0bfe068c74bae3280771c79cfae2dad386d6f6bf13a5c127fd50f27c4c4903db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526506622.jpg?k=67c4d821131db8c716a1f6f229c0d3ad61232ab4d0f6b69ce3a1250a582eef77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526500780.jpg?k=3e99b41b0e6223cae2dbb1f75eee3d943555668dbeeb42a36de332364236630e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kantina Binjaket Winery Binjaket 50 m"\n  - "Bon Appetit 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Illenia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Super new apartment, located in the heart of Tirana. You can enjoy the beautiful balcony.It was equipped with everything.The host was so helpful.Super reccomend this place!!”"\n  - name: "Ben"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very kind, apartment was new and cozy with a beautiful balcony! Bed so comfortable and great area!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/evi-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nPositioned at a comfortable distance of 5.5 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the apartment is an ideal base for those looking to experience the scenic beauty of the surrounding landscape from a bird's eye view. Accessibility is further enhanced by the inclusion of a lift, ensuring that all guests, regardless of mobility, can enjoy their stay without hindrance.

The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting air conditioning for those warm Albanian days, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a dining area perfect for enjoying a meal prepared in the fully equipped kitchen. The presence of an oven, alongside a comprehensive selection of kitchenware, invites guests to experiment with local ingredients or simply enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals. The living room, with its cozy furnishings, serves as the heart of the apartment, inviting guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the property features an outdoor dining area, allowing guests to savor their meals under the open sky. The provision of towels and bed linen ensures a hassle-free stay, focusing on comfort and convenience.

The apartment's location is unbeatably strategic, placing guests within proximity to cultural landmarks such as the House of Leaves, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the Clock Tower Tirana. This positioning not only enriches the stay with cultural immersion but also provides a comprehensive experience of Tirana's vibrant city life.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 13 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless transition to comfort and relaxation.

In summary, COMFORT APARTMENT City Center Tirana stands out as a meticulously designed space that caters to the needs of modern travelers, combining the convenience of city living with the comforts of home, all while offering a gateway to the cultural and historical wonders of Tirana.