---\ntitle: "Complex Delijorgji Apartments"\ndescription: "Complex Delijorgji Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963202.jpg?k=7822a4c2018a96d2a289847c4c241498e3482cc95153ba6649b7341d134dba76&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: complex-delijorgji-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, Nd 245, H 5, Ap 13., 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32604276\n  lng: 19.80450708\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963202.jpg?k=7822a4c2018a96d2a289847c4c241498e3482cc95153ba6649b7341d134dba76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963258.jpg?k=f1cbd0d89921a74a77fddc8c1c64b8e59541fbd6135b4a8e144acba94d004542&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518862631.jpg?k=9b6a2667e5c3fc11ad34c183a8b4618a8c5a1a3809001f7175b5b96aa25efbf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963268.jpg?k=fc42504ddb629c16ff8a69b6e3d23de7bcce5ec59c241560be5f115784412da3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518868426.jpg?k=4645e45dfe93ab3d907c7e12a3e73e118b0158afbb5db7866a33b6b12db094db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963287.jpg?k=24868ae39b5e8cd75a1fbd9025051f3cb2483380a71e30630f7aada3019f4f3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963272.jpg?k=03c1c2d102f688370afc27efe939d7e1cf82675ef9c4f9dcc75539d9001ddc76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471963289.jpg?k=0921b60c1fa09e0b425ef8a8cfa0c5689134f5f80b59812f5c5a17646b4b6c5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518864734.jpg?k=07423069a5c87e96c58d6e3ff42f0821d51801d1f3b8670e9f874cecb7041a59&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara e Tironës 2 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Vila 7 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1,000 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yosef"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“نظيفة ومريحة وقريبة من جميع الخدمات ومالك الشقة انسان رائع ومتعاون جداً استأجر وانت مغمض”"\n  - name: "Özden"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Temiz olması en önemli konuydu bizim için. Birkaç temizlik malzemesi bırakmaları da hoşumuza giden detay oldu.”"\n  - name: "Mashari"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“الشقة نظيفة جدا والاثاث حديث وصاحب للشقة محترم جدا”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/complex-delijorgji-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Complex Delijorgji Apartments are treated to modern living spaces that boast air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. The establishment prides itself on offering essential services such as an elevator for easy access and meticulous housekeeping services, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The added benefit of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventure in Tirana.

The highlight of the accommodation is undoubtedly the spacious apartment that features a balcony with serene garden views. It is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen does not disappoint, equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, the apartment includes a bathroom with a bath, enhancing the comfort of the stay.

For convenience, a minimarket on-site ensures that guests have easy access to essentials without having to leave the comfort of the complex. 

The location of Complex Delijorgji Apartments is ideal for explorers keen on discovering Tirana's cultural gems. It is in close proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it a convenient base for sightseeing. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

In summary, Complex Delijorgji Apartments offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay.