---\ntitle: "Condesa"\ndescription: "Condesa emerges as a charming retreat located just 1 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, offering guests a serene escape with the convenience of city proximity."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769094.jpg?k=5967c7d8920f445b939def1fc846121f47c6a2ea3362f81d2dd59abb4e1b1e2f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: condesa\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33218423\n  lng: 19.82719275\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 638\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769094.jpg?k=5967c7d8920f445b939def1fc846121f47c6a2ea3362f81d2dd59abb4e1b1e2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312361507.jpg?k=6cfa9f910201afacb9f5da9509c936b49d3619f2fdc835db7a0c286aec393212&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769214.jpg?k=dd16f1dcf1503a72ee23bff1b40d5d812f1fd4a575a07b3e0fb4b9841ff818c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308226140.jpg?k=a19af2d57a66e3c9e20446ce6aa5999424b877f89b4e460304efad2036903160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308244472.jpg?k=7a339368ff7eea8d57d58ed8897d543fde2cf6d23e341448fdca304396071cea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769056.jpg?k=f887d478975ea2d08cf910eccabb10d5c7c19859827273b21e0ec0bfdca2bca1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308084627.jpg?k=af2da56e883c0973bd76fa1ff3d27bdd6d44aaf2d06194b93409b19304a30a53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769134.jpg?k=79a62a36d10f98e6c459677c5dd8c31ff53c229ec223adef176f786b4a63e9d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769975.jpg?k=e4d3a056b82366f1cd4c4cafb3774b3b6981c3369c7bba14f17ba8f0100dda4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769091.jpg?k=03d4011d96e798313a071840bfcc58c14f55206fc94b543902afdafe41ea9d54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404769130.jpg?k=a72a4b206f3543abc2e704aa6ca51bfd247e1008d5c5602ed98c2c434a02b750&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308226080.jpg?k=0799dc3363d8d1bc4fe88a2150c8ece3aab07463adec703b8eea17be01df2bb5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Retro Bar & Grill 20 m"\n  - "Iron Brush 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "M"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“This was the best breakfast i have ever eaten at the hotels”"\n  - name: "Yaylım"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“We preferred the hotel because it was close to everywhere and within walking distance, we are glad we chose this place. We stayed in the hotel with my mum, our room was quite enough for us, it had a balcony and was very clean. Every day you start...”"\n  - name: "Cameron"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very good location, safe area, easy to walk to city centre and supermarkets! Lovely rooftop area to sit down and enjoy the views all around. Room was spacious and comfy. Breakfast was homemade and amazing! Definitely do not miss it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/condesa-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Condesa is thoughtfully furnished with outdoor furniture, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the tranquility of the property's natural surroundings. The comfort of guests is paramount, with rooms equipped with walk-in showers, complimentary toiletries, and the added luxury of free WiFi. Select accommodations further enhance the stay experience with the inclusion of a terrace, perfect for enjoying the serene environment. Comfort is not overlooked, as all units are provided with quality bed linen and towels.

Mornings at Condesa are greeted with a delightful array of breakfast options. Guests can start their day with either à la carte or continental breakfasts, featuring warm dishes, fresh pastries, and fruits, ensuring a satisfying beginning to the day.

For those keen on exploring, Condesa serves as an ideal base with sightseeing tours readily accessible, promising an effortless exploration of the area's rich cultural tapestry. The property also features a picnic area, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely days outdoors amidst the beauty of the landscape.

Noteworthy attractions in close proximity to Condesa include the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the architectural marvel of Tanners' Bridge, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, catering to both history enthusiasts and shopping aficionados alike. For guests traveling to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, Condesa offers the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience.

Condesa stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of nature, making it a memorable stay in the heart of a vibrant city.