---\ntitle: "Coral Paradise Apartament in the first line of the sea"\ndescription: "Coral Paradise Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the quintessence of coastal living right on the first line of the sea in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660604.jpg?k=0a590a4258d3251ee389af0946a23a6cf3bb7f0ba69bef42cb4490ba42599ceb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: coral-paradise-apartament-in-the-first-line-of-the-sea\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti 4 flor, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85030026\n  lng: 20.02150078\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660604.jpg?k=0a590a4258d3251ee389af0946a23a6cf3bb7f0ba69bef42cb4490ba42599ceb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660617.jpg?k=a25fd665a02e6d4b93b14ee53d2a51767810290464185738e7f7565e6bff554d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660614.jpg?k=0c304f86eb4edc9f6d6966662bdf9d51cfd7a1e28b3874771e6bdc51109e3c80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660603.jpg?k=dc9b8c259e69c27bd86b25799af608abc2284b53648f88dffc671b06af10e6ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370248653.jpg?k=4818dcb6f5eae9232f14ce804ee569124cb0ae4c6b41db81b8e80c7574be899c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660619.jpg?k=cfd0af1d2ac4f53e42e3dc420dac786067478f5c38d3a1f330c547c9ba4787dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370172322.jpg?k=d9b1a0ebda28b5add54bec31022fe24b68e64c5919bfb6517506a4736d5190c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495660613.jpg?k=b168da3daf94cb2dfb79eb24aae2c4b9137e90e861e6cead23ac65caa5dcb544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495651034.jpg?k=eb6eba53673d6fd6eb492b79d68dc1db82f0730af6f85a6161a315a12d14e885&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (30 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "River View 150 m"\n  - "Sunrise 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 50 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 450 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 900 m"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 250 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stafa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We loved the apartment. It was comfy with a great view and an amazing balcony. The interior was 10 out of 10. Would stay there again next time.”"\n  - name: "Reeli"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Hea asukoht-rannale väga lähedal. Poed jalutuskäigu kaugusel. Koristaja-korteri eest hoolitseja väga abivalmis: tuli meile linna vastu, kuna me ei leidnud maja üles. Olemas pesumasin ja pesurest.”"\n  - name: "Artur"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Dobra lokacija ob kopališču in urejen prostor sta bila kot nalašč za lratek oddih v Sarandi. Izliv reke Bistrice v morje je zanimiv prizor in dinamično okolje za kopanje.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sihanna-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment presents a modern retreat with a single bedroom, complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment. The kitchen is fully outfitted with an oven, toaster, washing machine, and fridge, catering to all culinary needs. Perhaps the most charming feature is the balcony, which serves as an idyllic outdoor dining area, allowing guests to savor their meals with a view.

For those who value convenience, the presence of a minimarket on the premises is a notable perk. Additionally, the apartment boasts a dedicated dressing room, enhancing the comfort and privacy of the dressing experience.

Activities such as fishing beckon the adventurous, with the apartment's prime location in Sarandë providing easy access to a variety of local attractions. VIP Beach and Heaven Beach are within easy reach, located 1.6 km and 2.5 km away, respectively, promising days filled with sun, sand, and sea.

Coral Paradise Apartment not only offers a private beach area but also includes amenities like free WiFi and air conditioning, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable. For those arriving from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, situated 98 km from the property, making it a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Coral Paradise Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and vibrancy of Sarandë, offering a perfect blend of modern amenities, convenience, and proximity to the beach.