---\ntitle: "Corazon Guest House"\ndescription: "Corazon Guest House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vjetër Beach and a short distance from the bustling Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359051270.jpg?k=0011b3ffe77814f7e437f146a06f20394197c2c56ddabed35e0082b2e72eabd4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: corazon-guest-house\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45829881\n  lng: 19.46740774\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359051270.jpg?k=0011b3ffe77814f7e437f146a06f20394197c2c56ddabed35e0082b2e72eabd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400439391.jpg?k=e5b729b7b51355111a7b1502fdcd35ca276428eac756c9e2d529c17af6b6a45a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517472531.jpg?k=f42b5f2aeebd9cc798fc68144b8391ff9f76888c5f03120da2a29bedcc07b793&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463860920.jpg?k=178429bec67d505c8edd6a1f2f6197a40a4217a8fcd9ec355cd63d9849382fe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463853392.jpg?k=4dff9b86cb5c3f93760df230bde4b008ff02c9fbe235291b6d8c7587d1ae9082&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496526671.jpg?k=28584c6fc88a13d228d90d6604d3e8aaf7adb4112b42c797b2bf651210b73134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362841659.jpg?k=4a1ab238c24497451cdcc6dd4742e93b6d1f046d61f65ab7bd5ae7d73339e1f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517472631.jpg?k=26a0e378cb11d9e3704a0066bb3e3f5b8b79c6951d741753eead444898e33c5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400439294.jpg?k=5ef4a9a7ec4f5d44371209811b5d0cc8269387e69958cde4526146da9d586ab9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (28 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Love Beach 20 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 20 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.4 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leidy"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“This is a great place! Much bigger than it looks in the photos and right next to the beach. The owners are super nice and very helpful with everything we needed. I would def recommend staying here!”"\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“owners were so nice and ready to help. apartment is so clean and has everything you need-towels, coffe maker, tea, fridge... it is big and perfect for 2-4 persons. kitchen is big and has even more then you need, so if you are with family and want...”"\n  - name: "Sam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“very very clean, beach location, excellent view from balcony, owners are very helpful, I stayed an extra day I was enjoying it so much”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/corazon-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe guest house boasts a modern, air-conditioned apartment that is thoughtfully designed with guests' comfort in mind. It features a cozy bedroom, a sleek flat-screen TV for entertainment, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a fridge for culinary explorations. Additionally, the apartment offers the luxury of a bidet and a dressing room, ensuring a stay that marries convenience with comfort. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, promising a peaceful retreat for all guests.

For those looking to explore local dining, a variety of options await just moments away from the apartment, offering a taste of the local cuisine and culture.

Situated conveniently, Corazon Guest House is a mere 3.6 km from the historic Independence Square and 4.1 km from the iconic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for guests eager to explore the rich heritage of Vlorë. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, ensuring ease of access to this charming getaway.

Corazon Guest House stands out as a perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for those looking to experience the best of Vlorë.