---\ntitle: "Coral Guesthouse Sarandë"\ndescription: "Coral Guesthouse Sarandë emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and adventure in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372557447.jpg?k=f074e3247872bafb297c6b12fcc658447b2dc163a43f316cc9744d061e6689d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: coral-guesthouse-sarand\naddress: "Idriz Alidhima, Sarande, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87875455\n  lng: 19.98443663\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372557447.jpg?k=f074e3247872bafb297c6b12fcc658447b2dc163a43f316cc9744d061e6689d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372556165.jpg?k=ffc50d8ee0f06df121ea731b3b670dae9662590e60535643efbba15362dde41d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372558196.jpg?k=57adb6ddfec5273fd16d66b78cfba9735cc813d5fc5b2fec5307e7792b5cb9f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372556122.jpg?k=60c5666a6087cf11aba7bf5ddaf4af9c4428c267db91eff8e84800ab02111000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372558200.jpg?k=699a01462742ba9fcf189bda2f1da66c9edf9361f08037ec388cefab49541bc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372558177.jpg?k=d129b0f4ca66e312066dd9af6d1cf36a352c4086a3d87837e01070bfa59dbe0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372559481.jpg?k=91e461286a12ff10459101535e5bb1830771732ffc8a842e9d3d6570e0c62ecf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372560639.jpg?k=f0f861d766fc5db7486990b8657ceae0e090ac52d7393f3d61f8c3f01210fa92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197321758.jpg?k=d45844bb99781ee1e2630b101d97ed5d24fe878a5e4ab82f3c7bc92e83fa0ed9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kozi Bistro 200 m"\n  - "Siro Beach 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 950 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pomi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Rooms were cleaned perfectly every day and laundry service was free and spot on. Really enjoyed my stay here.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Super clean property with everything you need.
Host was so kind and friendly, very helpful! Unfortunately I was unwell and she brought me a lemon drink and crackers to help. Supported us to find the local hospital- very grateful for her help. The...”"\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Das Apartment unten war sehr großzügig, ruhig gelegen, die Hausdame, die uns empfangen hat war sehr nett. Es wurde täglich penibel geputzt, was in Apartments nach unserer Erfahrung sonst nicht vorkommt. Wir konnten draußen vor der Wohnung ...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-marilena.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a serene garden and breathtaking mountain views, setting the stage for a relaxing getaway. The beachfront location not only provides easy access to the sandy shores but also ensures that guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi and private parking without any hassle.

Accommodations at Coral Guesthouse Sarandë are thoughtfully designed with families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms and a delightful children's playground. Select units boast a balcony equipped with an outdoor dining area, where guests can savor their meals against the backdrop of the sea.

The guesthouse doesn't fall short on amenities, offering an on-site bar for evening relaxation. For families, the indoor play area is a welcome addition, ensuring that the little ones are entertained throughout their stay. Moreover, the availability of both bicycle and car rental services on-site encourages guests to explore the surrounding area at their leisure.

Situated a mere 2.9 km from Saranda City Beach and within easy reach of the historical Butrint National Park, Coral Guesthouse Sarandë serves as an excellent base for guests wishing to immerse themselves in the natural and cultural riches of the region. With Ioannina Airport located 99 km away, the guesthouse remains conveniently accessible for international travelers.

In summary, Coral Guesthouse Sarandë stands out as a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a top choice for those planning their next escape to Sarandë.