---\ntitle: "Costa Adriatica Apartments"\ndescription: "Costa Adriatica Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214213.jpg?k=a4d122b3fc08c05bd3520a7d6ca4d1c81c70a2e524b388b5b899fbb0f2c5ceb9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: costa-adriatica-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31164415\n  lng: 19.4364351\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 102\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214213.jpg?k=a4d122b3fc08c05bd3520a7d6ca4d1c81c70a2e524b388b5b899fbb0f2c5ceb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364208065.jpg?k=06e0568be0416ac6f3c2ead1e3c649ec3c4093dac9a6125a6641b434b74ad094&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364633808.jpg?k=258e0c314bcfc3534afda054d17bc048089bc3655cd57788464e65c8c15be5d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364633795.jpg?k=e663308b1c07545855058de86758291d9194083fac3799b0d33ea2bfef078411&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214214.jpg?k=524166565c69a256b934ec9807b399f6c9133e35e6ea1a8ef9e32b2b2917675a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214220.jpg?k=78f0867380343eb0da4cf3608e1f4f352008e88e9cd796bf57fbf63da4352912&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214223.jpg?k=b7c616125c290e64b644e7bf62f506df476669d7dbc60707ac966888e2ffd57e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214561.jpg?k=0449f058edd9a6b4b659f1baf2f8c6badd4998077b879f6594847ca5c8a9945b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364214563.jpg?k=2d33f002a7876f9a286021150e4aef132d48a0f38e471d5f87225bb87f8d1acf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Badriklo 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Artur 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 800 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 550 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 750 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was a lovely appartment, the location couldn’t have been better. Amazing.”"\n  - name: "Jonas"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very modern and new interior close to the beach and restaurants (bar ristorant Pizzeri Troplini). At the corner of the street is a nice pasticeri for breakfast with croissants, sandwiches and coffee. Parking is on the street.
The contact person...”"\n  - name: "Almira"\n    country: "Kazakhstan"\n    text: "“1)Renaldo owner apartment very kind and helpful. Anything you want . He is helping and can solve any problems. 2)apartment is new and clean . Very comfortable to stay . 3)no need to use elevator or stairs . For pregnant lady, for disabled people...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fully-equipped-luxury-apartment-50m-from-the-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to cater to the needs of every guest. From air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days to a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for a cozy night in, comfort is at the forefront. The inclusion of a fully furnished kitchen and dining area allows guests the freedom to craft their meals, adding a touch of home. The private bathrooms come with a bidet, and select units boast balconies adorned with outdoor furniture, perfect for savoring the sea breeze.

For families, the availability of spacious family rooms ensures a comfortable stay for all ages. The convenience of a private entrance to each apartment underscores the establishment's commitment to privacy and ease.

Situated less than a kilometer from the tranquil Kallmi Beach and a short drive from the vibrant West End Beach, Costa Adriatica Apartments offers a strategic location for beach enthusiasts. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 34 km away, makes it an accessible retreat for international travelers.

In essence, Costa Adriatica Apartments presents an idyllic setting for those in pursuit of a beachfront haven, combining the comforts of home with the beauty of Durrës's shores.