---\ntitle: "Costal Charm Apartment"\ndescription: "Costal Charm Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking a memorable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481837095.jpg?k=07eb7063e9fcde9531a6e8a95da5bc82e83207ca784e88a937a24e5a68250b6b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: costal-charm-apartment\naddress: "Golem Mali Robit Kompleksi Kaltersia, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2325083\n  lng: 19.518637\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481837095.jpg?k=07eb7063e9fcde9531a6e8a95da5bc82e83207ca784e88a937a24e5a68250b6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481836002.jpg?k=747f8fa27fde7aa3a28985cb7c54c4d80bd263b6474408ed1922e78013e530f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481835975.jpg?k=c567ffa0accc60fed2023a4f18dee2f29c613f95220c563571601cd1d03eae94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481837003.jpg?k=b9f2d4a98507a064ca4a22253cef6f731dfc1617c1fd88f91f0276e96e490c34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481836968.jpg?k=7b530abec45a9b22d2fa6f71d184ab6a6a0d0b2ed29f699eae3c8d5cc24ff60f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481837076.jpg?k=422a76832344cf8c1750afa123c120cbf1598a148d5fc89f7b50a9ba1236c1d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481836729.jpg?k=654bda5e295dd0d1551fa5b76d7dc2ca823941e32c764d81bc293dd4ad728b9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477587863.jpg?k=7ade47e9812d89ecf8f79233ae141b4dd7e786b1b8adbd05525cb390c9f5e959&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477587862.jpg?k=ce59a67ef895b3135fb6efe3bf682bc38aed7ac8d5b0592e5cf86694563427ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 100 m"\n  - "Fishinn 2 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 500 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bartłomiej"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We spent 11 days in Costal Charm Apartment with my family.
The apartment is well furnished. The apartment includes: air conditioning, a well-equipped kitchen, a washing machine in the bathroom and the living room has access to the balcony and...”"\n  - name: "Allaman"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto perfetto,appartamento pulito spaziosa bella,”"\n  - name: "Bojan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Odlican smestaj nov lep komforan sa svom potrebnom aparaturom, veoma pogodan za porodice sa manjom decom, prizemna terasa veliko dvoriste za decu koju mozete da gledate sa terase,veliki parking u hladovini na 10m od stana. Bazen lep cist, domacin...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-charm-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a fridge. The inclusion of a balcony offering panoramic pool views adds a touch of luxury, allowing guests to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area while enjoying the serene garden views. The commitment to guest comfort is further evidenced by the apartment's soundproofing and private entrance, ensuring a tranquil and undisturbed stay.

For those who relish the outdoors, the apartment boasts a private beach area and a garden, inviting guests to unwind in a picturesque setting. The pool, with its inviting view, serves as a perfect retreat for relaxation and leisure.

Adding to the convenience, the property is a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. The on-site bar offers a cozy spot for evening drinks or socializing with fellow travelers.

Located a mere 1.9 km from Golem Beach, the apartment is also within easy reach of notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square and the Rock of Kavaje, making it an ideal base for exploring the surrounding area. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 42 km away, ensuring easy access to and from the property.

Costal Charm Apartment stands as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of privacy, comfort, and convenience in the heart of Golem.