---\ntitle: "Cozy Midtown Apartment in Tirana"\ndescription: "Cozy Midtown Apartment in Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294230.jpg?k=3fbb009b9f4c9404af04db61eaa64f606666f6331479cffeb1ac31b6919bf8a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-midtown-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Musa Maci, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33248436\n  lng: 19.82484319\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294230.jpg?k=3fbb009b9f4c9404af04db61eaa64f606666f6331479cffeb1ac31b6919bf8a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493209428.jpg?k=bacde19a68594ec949f7bc4684e474f71c515364c32bca47cce22f0d752a844a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294370.jpg?k=be1a1b4e8f8f291df6d9581ead62be561c055c173cddbfa3167bb0ca603c0976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294323.jpg?k=ee386170e5e9be291f8b9dcfc2981312d1c18fcb0f3559149354a84ee04735f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294350.jpg?k=7b84ecd22c1cecd7f699bba0622bbc772ddb383117327a0959cca067c23d7fc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294280.jpg?k=a9421b495aad197bb1f3787f0abccae66ac3fe4606505f2c5c22f813983db208&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294382.jpg?k=d002ac1090ce2b46b8bd9f78554c30c6e0a14efc2db273991667bf33a5be8341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491294237.jpg?k=c159ef3187155aaa470f31f450bb0086aa3760a4d86c24e081563bfe38ace1c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493209422.jpg?k=7c7f0280d03e380ab99cb5c81544f0fb59c0ad3bfeeb914820317071e4468198&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Chateau 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Tujani 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location!! Every interesting city spot was within walking distance. The host was super friendly and helpful with some great tips about places where we could eat good local food. The house was warm and spacious. The morning sunlight in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-midtown-apartment-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis inviting apartment is distinguished by its spacious layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with an oven and a fridge. The convenience of a washing machine and the inclusion of a bathroom with a shower enhance the home-away-from-home experience. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable stay. The entire space is designated as non-smoking, maintaining a fresh and welcoming environment.

The property boasts views of the serene inner courtyard, offering a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life. Complimentary WiFi throughout the apartment ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work. Notably, the apartment's proximity to Skanderbeg Square, only 1.1 km away, places guests at the heart of Tirana's cultural and social hub.

For those inclined towards shopping and entertainment, the Toptani Shopping Centre is within easy reach, as are the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, promising enriching experiences just moments away. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 15 km from the apartment, facilitating stress-free arrivals and departures.

Cozy Midtown Apartment in Tirana stands out as a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities that promise an unforgettable stay in the heart of Albania.