---\ntitle: "Cozy small apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Cozy Small Apartment, a gem located just a short distance from the city's vibrant heart, Skanderbeg Square, and within easy reach of the breathtaking Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421294234.jpg?k=c8497bbdad6976dba07ef6ed8e82aa314d04d2149e28867917ae596940b65b13&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-small-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Dritan Hoxha, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33788176\n  lng: 19.78984037\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421294234.jpg?k=c8497bbdad6976dba07ef6ed8e82aa314d04d2149e28867917ae596940b65b13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421294537.jpg?k=e9b7f48c9bbdc59b26c2d98d2e6d5534acb120ab76057b182854e448568cedd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421294403.jpg?k=9bc1c858e2da32dc6cac2c22ca1437b3fda96912c0b43065df978004cef2586f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377800763.jpg?k=5d61641d6bd4e577579e806addc81ed54a3545f13fe9efbeb2fc92df7bf06e02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377800674.jpg?k=5b630cd736de3a3818ce09205bd57428a3b96d2cddac68e1216740a76426f4ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526291943.jpg?k=0ac6b7819793c2ce1e2d903b7d60af1a8a1664df997dafdf2272e43e9fc55b19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421294616.jpg?k=a62753a8e5336373049b81a00e14fa7abc753d81da186d1f0159cf3a7e0696c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377801317.jpg?k=a29f29a465b7769df80b2816d40ff43eb80adf66d61d7bf30d54da950f3353df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450036037.jpg?k=e5287d4150aa516d21a0945652cbcf8c00e7112ce79b7ede611e0f2248b40230&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Darey 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Athina 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 250 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 950 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Simone"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“This is a small apartment but had everything we needed during the stay. The building is in front of the bus stop and almost 15 minutes away to city center. Absolutely recommend 👌”"\n  - name: "Bartosz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Blisko do przystanku autobusowego, blisko sklep. Schludny, przestronny pokój, miła i pomocna pani.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-small-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at the Cozy Small Apartment are treated to modern amenities designed to ensure a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The apartment comes equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. Security is paramount, with full-day security, a private entrance for guests, and the convenience of a currency exchange service right on the premises.

The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring free WiFi for those needing to stay connected. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, and the fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, adding to the comfort of the stay.

For those eager to explore, the Cozy Small Apartment serves as an ideal base. The Rock of Kavaje is a mere 40 km away, offering an adventurous day trip, while the House of Leaves museum is just 2.7 km from the doorstep, presenting an intriguing glimpse into the country's past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 11 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

The Cozy Small Apartment stands out as a perfect choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of Tirana's culture and history.