---\ntitle: "Cozy 2 bedroom /1 Bath Apartment/Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Cozy 2 Bedroom / 1 Bath Apartment, a serene retreat located just a short distance from the city's vibrant heart."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442406.jpg?k=6f8f97d85294eabcda408a19e80a680ab82a1f635b718924f1ccc999199224cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-2-bedroom-1-bath-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Kadillari, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33370011\n  lng: 19.85696668\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442406.jpg?k=6f8f97d85294eabcda408a19e80a680ab82a1f635b718924f1ccc999199224cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442396.jpg?k=842938c0fda09638a9ecd59e79458781c77071c3a6a5ed4298d4210fea8f6b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442411.jpg?k=e0e4a3ba75f727d9558615c168a90960aa50c692748cfa5cb794db05ad0fd21a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442408.jpg?k=94543698dad59f83e0ce555d59060054f5d6e715fa6951e73051a4050ec00c87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442414.jpg?k=98d090dd426ad7004750ab9caeec6d482b8d9936437d91694ef9b812042f86a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442410.jpg?k=4419f1fc33a168837500b93dd2cd3c3ec746f83914be57c14c140adc00f040e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442412.jpg?k=e7290542aaaa15c39e23897678fd622ee6526b39f05412019820fd72092960be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442403.jpg?k=0190b24cd40b355102043b973ed17d82becd80f8939e2edba8bd19d2e2055233&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400442401.jpg?k=e71796f429a0799e1671b22196a32f01e113f776ffb5357f916ee821ed692017&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 200 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Bologna 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 2.8 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-2-bedroom-1-bath-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nBoasting a picturesque view of the surrounding gardens, the apartment is an oasis of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Albanian days. It's an ideal base for exploring, situated 47 kilometers from the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje and only 1.9 kilometers from the cultural Bektashi World Centre. Connectivity is never an issue, with complimentary WiFi available throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana.

The apartment itself is a spacious haven, complete with a balcony that invites guests to unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere. It houses two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a well-equipped kitchen fitted with an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For those interested in exploring local culture and history, the Bunk'Art 1 Museum is just 2.9 kilometers away, offering a deep dive into Albania's past. Meanwhile, the architectural marvel of Tanners' Bridge is a mere 3 kilometers from the doorstep, promising a glimpse into the city's rich heritage.

Accessibility is a breeze, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 18 kilometers away, making the Cozy 2 Bedroom / 1 Bath Apartment an excellent choice for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. This non-smoking accommodation promises a memorable stay for those seeking both the excitement of the city and the peace of a home away from home.