---\ntitle: "Cozy City Centre Rest 2BR"\ndescription: "Cozy City Centre Rest 2BR emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872130.jpg?k=01697731c70a18bca92fc38d479d5b6f4b6f7bd5c1b5916fae009eb27de9e050&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-city-centre-rest-2br\naddress: "Rruga Abdulla Gjinali Pas shkolles Servete Maci, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33309542\n  lng: 19.82104473\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872130.jpg?k=01697731c70a18bca92fc38d479d5b6f4b6f7bd5c1b5916fae009eb27de9e050&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872209.jpg?k=ffd011777ba250c1946f226fed35814220491e499c001ed0e8df481766acd76b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872211.jpg?k=285498f0ce73da597bf26a4ad12cad753359c5ec474da858b9dde08ff86de597&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872194.jpg?k=8fa43847f13503b789e3b8a8e7e5d150a5e210eb3de2d2886435270e51fd9501&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872213.jpg?k=e693d4fd953e0c8d1d82dc828261134dc07fd11434df4b4e1815a6ea3b1dc402&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872191.jpg?k=90c41baf661b66495706315398ae43716cd783a4b8df84546c63883667067eac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872202.jpg?k=2005b14cfcc0e63196fcc95c70c5c4906127c94a1c2fe35648347374ef7adf17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872217.jpg?k=7cca5eff84b7bca99be359d787bf22be971a8342db4571dac67af336ca4fed55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515872188.jpg?k=4a9066e23087c8101f729f31b8ff04c3e5c1667c08acb8fd16d7553288d5661e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 50 m"\n  - "Bujtina E Diellit 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jonard"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything perfect , perfect location perfect house !!”"\n  - name: "Eglantina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice place, brand new with all facilities, located in the center of city. We enjoyed our stay there and for sure I recommend it to anyone.”"\n  - name: "Berisha"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La struttura molto accogliente, ordinata,pulita e profumata . Era tutto nuovo piacevole da starci.
In centro a Tirana e facilmente raggiungibile.
Hostess era molto disponibile e accogliente, pronto ad aiutarmi in qualsiasi cosa e facilmente...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-city-centre-rest-2br.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically located, the property is within walking distance of Tirana's most celebrated attractions. The National Gallery of Arts, the iconic Clock Tower, and the historic Et'hem Bey Mosque are all less than a kilometer away, with Skanderbeg Square just a 700-meter stroll from the doorstep. For those who prioritize connectivity, the entire apartment boasts complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected with the world while enjoying their urban escape.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom outfitted with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Cozy City Centre Rest 2BR caters to the health and well-being of all guests.

For culture enthusiasts and shoppers alike, the apartment's proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History, and the Toptani Shopping Centre offers a diverse itinerary just steps away. Moreover, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 14 km away, guests enjoy the ease of travel to and from this charming abode.

In summary, Cozy City Centre Rest 2BR stands out as an ideal accommodation for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a home-like setting.