---\ntitle: "Cozy Apartment in the heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Cozy Apartment in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083197.jpg?k=61ead72070aa6e1edde199657978a4db197ea7c0058fab6ac2413c004ddcc120&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Komuna e Parisit 21, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32172131\n  lng: 19.81052049\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083197.jpg?k=61ead72070aa6e1edde199657978a4db197ea7c0058fab6ac2413c004ddcc120&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083250.jpg?k=8fbbeefd46b59ae0b972d06119f3e2aded40876a60679a97948718971c0f228c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083243.jpg?k=b70606ea3258c5acd745063ec56129377a8c6e570529e0e49d5917f12283b81f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083277.jpg?k=ded60a4a275a84522b8ebee554262111ecdcbacef352e8c9ea020cc8ae5e0716&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083220.jpg?k=a0b2a410c3294e855848b5694a62f5eb7b0cf20d633261ad2e5b6ac8cbe5e9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083260.jpg?k=7738e614fedec80e289e4dfa4e13730e9416727f25ce8ad8da0409c600c85ca7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083248.jpg?k=556ed6f639486c2ad3297e941b55c5c487b4fb037c43fd2be57c5782fd960151&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083219.jpg?k=59fccf1524217d9d3faf5156b3fd26ce0642f459be64b7f636558f821e7ee089&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433083216.jpg?k=8d6c6f009268a52215b7f2cdd8581964696943ba4ff7104b80b997a422473113&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek te Çastit 30 m"\n  - "Steel Wings 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The host was very nice and helpfull. Very good contact, we could always chat to our host. She recomended us places to visit and helped to organizje trip to the lake. In the apartment is everytign you need , even a basket of accessories. The...”"\n  - name: "Megi"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“this apartment is in a top central location, you can reach everything in a 5 min walk, city center, blloku, very easy access to the park etc.
In addition it gives you a very cozy feeling since its fully equipped and you feel at home”"\n  - name: "Riccardod"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento moderno, pulito e confortevole. Super equipaggiato. Incluso di caffè gratis. Mi sono sentito come in casa. Stra consigliato”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana-tirana4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking, one-bedroom haven is equipped with modern amenities designed to cater to the needs of contemporary travelers. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air conditioning, free WiFi, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels. The inclusion of a washing machine and a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and toaster, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. The provision of towels and bed linen further enhances the comfort of stay, while the private entrance underscores the apartment's commitment to privacy.

Strategically positioned less than 1 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the apartment is a stone's throw away from Rinia Park, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, making it an ideal base for those keen to delve into Tirana's cultural and historical landscape. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, ensuring easy access to and from this charming retreat.

Cozy Apartment in the Heart of Tirana stands out as a top recommendation for travelers who prioritize location, comfort, and a touch of local charm in their accommodation choices.