---\ntitle: "Cozy Flat Appartments in Tirana"\ndescription: "Cozy Flat Apartments in Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137148.jpg?k=9594f7722df0bcbdeb63c62fceb2968cd98f74d9d49bdbd294530d92fbadb460&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-flat-appartments-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Stefan Shundi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.334783\n  lng: 19.77706836\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137148.jpg?k=9594f7722df0bcbdeb63c62fceb2968cd98f74d9d49bdbd294530d92fbadb460&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511464820.jpg?k=9cabda2ef8d768ab4b0ca3f104c9fdd7c95580791eec133e2b1bed501f31c7d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137217.jpg?k=deb75c0bd7654d58c4e16a4c4c6060f1c5cdba656cf8fa0cb3dc9c2fb28bdbc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137241.jpg?k=a555e4619424dc1c98bd241b8d22e302cfdfdcc74b21b3d90f8c86cce14b0bd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137231.jpg?k=7b7375152e9a34394f279265d96c5981f261effff541b4d321850539deeddb4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487233640.jpg?k=d686dfbd7ddde37f1fcb5080e79220c8f413e1b0ac332866851564c5fbb05d76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511464748.jpg?k=76d8c768db8b0515922005c713acef6d7dfa651957b4b177c32288ce8d735811&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476137238.jpg?k=f8691085d5fdff1fd8ca05620484b8aa67cfffe937fe9696c9be016ecb875085&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511465312.jpg?k=1c100333336933837550f9b42620cf42851ff00eb1805a5f32ba4c02a73393fb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "DEA Bar 50 m"\n  - "Shariza Coffee 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 500 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sophie"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Because we were one of the first guests that booked via Booking.com, there were no reviews yet. But we would 100% recommend this appartment!! Everything was new, clean and very comfortable. It was even possible to wash my clothes. Furthermore, the...”"\n  - name: "Mirko"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura di alto livello, ottimo il rapporto qualità/prezzo, posizione ottima!”"\n  - name: "Παναγιωτης"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Ήταν εξαιρετικό κατάλυμα με parking σε ιδιωτικό χώρο. Οι οικοδεσπότες ευγενικοί, συνεργατικοί και πρόθυμοι να βοηθήσουν σε ότι χρειάστηκε.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-flat-appartments-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA highlight of this property is its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh stay just 6.2 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. The apartment itself is a spacious retreat featuring a bedroom designed for relaxation, complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment. The kitchen doesn't disappoint, being fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, making self-catering a breeze. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of towels and bed linen, adding to the comfort of their stay.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount here, with soundproofing and a private entrance allowing guests to enjoy their stay without disturbance. While the Rock of Kavaje is a bit further afield at 40 km, the House of Leaves is conveniently located just 4.6 km away, making for an easy excursion. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 11 km from Cozy Flat Apartments, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Cozy Flat Apartments in Tirana stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to explore the heart of Albania.