---\ntitle: "Cozy 1-Bedroom near the center of Tirana."\ndescription: "Cozy 1-Bedroom near the center of Tirana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489321122.jpg?k=b4d65eae0ea5b8d13a208260f0e9adcc1aaa89a48bc118f2758e48bc0a8f8e1b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-1-bedroom-near-the-center-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Mujo Ulqinaku Building 1, Floor 3, Apartment 15, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32674556\n  lng: 19.80979362\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489321122.jpg?k=b4d65eae0ea5b8d13a208260f0e9adcc1aaa89a48bc118f2758e48bc0a8f8e1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490958620.jpg?k=5d483ab9692654f5b09eace8f95518183229e0b85b10585c848ffdef92e6b71f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388263903.jpg?k=eac337651ffb267408a5c82298630414c90c445c03552e257ddfeac75f451c10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490958626.jpg?k=2ef908041304592f1c06ddc18f53f22a4004dbdc28496b3fb5a044ff32fe6201&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388263912.jpg?k=849897879ec3c6ead249be83c1accb2b3dedbd1c9fd0e999629decda3eb2f004&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388263900.jpg?k=0ce78d4d131cf3015489cbdf39493decd5513dca3f553608e09eedb10e599a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388263906.jpg?k=f25a9217f2a6edfe4c20e6846077418aaf8a07543fbeef6445692582c081ca00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388263910.jpg?k=87141a876f0b9ea5824d6ccc42d983dbdb3ea7c0bbf3c514cfc4a51365b51674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490958630.jpg?k=009ce28a6e56ff9d2b0269651cff35a1202d42bd7244d1e0e188dc2f647aa5d3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Luara 100 m"\n  - "Palma 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shannon"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Huge spacious apartment that had everything you need! Host was easy to get in touch with and even left treats at the apartment!”"\n  - name: "Anton"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Great location. Was very clean. Lots of space. Very comfortable bed. Great water pressure. Good wifi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-1-bedroom-near-the-center-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, guests are welcomed into a spacious setting, thoughtfully furnished with a comfortable bedroom, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a balcony that invites relaxation. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, caters to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided, along with delightful touches such as chocolates or cookies to make guests feel at home.

The apartment's commitment to non-smoking ensures a clean and healthy environment. For those needing essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers a range of items without the need to venture far.

Attractions nearby, such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, are easily accessible, enriching the stay with cultural experiences and leisure opportunities. The Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, allows for hassle-free arrivals and departures, making Cozy 1-Bedroom near the center of Tirana a convenient and comfortable choice for both short visits and extended stays in the heart of Tirana.