---\ntitle: "Cozy central apartment"\ndescription: "Cozy Central Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452015448.jpg?k=c829a23281db994204951429232ec9210206835d060614b16765b8aee3a203f9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-central-apartment\naddress: "6 Rruga Hamid Shijaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3332891\n  lng: 19.8161837\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452015448.jpg?k=c829a23281db994204951429232ec9210206835d060614b16765b8aee3a203f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452012950.jpg?k=8cc2766f8a7947cd0caa7503881462e691f75ad56918adcd7b08d0793a23dd55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452012535.jpg?k=dd67540a51678bbb7be87452cbac290c08f55ae6936ed945b52fb5dc7bdc669c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452012332.jpg?k=b0e1afd94e692b5221476b3fb0467a1a643843d57993402cd78c14d9580515a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452011737.jpg?k=139a0554696ef33693a902e5a892f7f166fa5abca86cf38d3d6d11a7abdf3808&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452013390.jpg?k=7b6200e107f98c96d8523d6c95eee4b47464366075aa8ad5216e42f292286ffe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452012650.jpg?k=ff84e493aa7c575204ac2bbf734c6abba1d8f4a0911083ab30be91362d7c8e02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452012472.jpg?k=14e44f6e1bee74b65a6e1587ce2fdf5243393bbadc496665059effc926dfd048&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452011363.jpg?k=57637723d886e2e49b3f29d9086120bb2f066ca179d49522ea9960757dad5ad9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "BAHCJA 40 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Bacja 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment, the location and everything else was perfect. The hosts are very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very cosy,clean and comfortable apartment! Excellent communication with the host, Ingrid,she does everything for you to enjoy your stay🤗
Perfect location to visit the sightseeings.
Lots of thanks!❤️”"\n  - name: "Ana-maria"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host was extremely nice, we felt like home. The location is perfect, everything was within walking distance. It was clean and cosy.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-central-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven boasts a tastefully furnished bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a coffee machine, ensuring guests feel right at home. The inclusion of a modern bathroom equipped with a bidet and bathrobes, alongside amenities such as a flat-screen TV, bed linen, towels, and a laundry service, adds a layer of comfort to the stay.

For those keen on delving into Albania's cultural heritage, the apartment is conveniently located near the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the country's rich artistic and historical tapestry.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi blankets the entire property, and for guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away. The apartment also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless transition from air to accommodation.

In summary, Cozy Central Apartment stands out as an exemplary choice for travelers who prioritize location, comfort, and the freedom to explore Tirana's treasures at their own pace.