---\ntitle: "Cozy Elegance Above Korca"\ndescription: "Cozy Elegance Above Korca emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience with a dash of local charm."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297848.jpg?k=cc4c37f622cfc8685f46d16c8f6afad0e4c99c5f12be90c5af70b2a7d26cfa3c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-elegance-above-korca\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Denasi, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62291239\n  lng: 20.77819658\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297848.jpg?k=cc4c37f622cfc8685f46d16c8f6afad0e4c99c5f12be90c5af70b2a7d26cfa3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297202.jpg?k=72f88aa2781987727362575b7b6bebcaf2b3a014754968c1bbf35228ae9544f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297179.jpg?k=29fd57478988ca70e8f21cc8adbd2215fff2b1292318fa0dae18a58c7231e406&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297213.jpg?k=95c433dd59f268c81bea271fa9229938809b65c9fec0b8bc79acd5f4db69c08f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297222.jpg?k=f3b97864025999a5a27d72f96be88e8211cb1befae26d53248c906f6968d8096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297181.jpg?k=f9cd8eaf39afc4b25835f1a11721ec4bad1c181a009a0c826c80b8439f7b0f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297199.jpg?k=0f276f1569f5d43feb40157c71ec04177303e3a65f3ec6bd219e12060d345a98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486297203.jpg?k=cf8cc467fb348e515af2b669561c732a039de1b0c6075329831851ad97b4b027&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491211197.jpg?k=a17bcd6f9549096327398413811777ec19b7f31b4566c4025fdbe0af165cdfa3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elisabet 30 m"\n  - "Zhabkat 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Troy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“We loved everything about this place. The property host was welcoming & incredibly helpful. The apartment is in a great location with shops and cafes downstairs & easy walking to city & old town.
Very comfortable place, bed & pillows so...”"\n  - name: "Ervin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cozy Elegance Above Korca is an apartment beyond expectations. It is very pleasing to the eye, but most importantly very comfortable. The beds are very comfortable to sleep in, and you feel refreshed in the morning. The sheets and towels are white...”"\n  - name: "Olta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host was very welcoming , a very clean little environment, if you’re looking for something antique mixed with modern this is the perfect affordable accommodation. Definitely will be back!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-elegance-above-korca.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to rest; it's a fully equipped haven for guests. With a kitchen boasting an oven and microwave, alongside a washing machine, visitors have everything they need at their fingertips. The comfort extends to a cozy bedroom, complemented by a bathroom stocked with slippers and a hairdryer for that touch of home. The air-conditioned space also features a dressing room for added convenience and a fireplace, ensuring a warm and inviting atmosphere. To elevate the experience further, guests are treated to in-room amenities such as wine or champagne, adding a luxurious twist to their stay.

Morning delights at Cozy Elegance Above Korca include the option of a buffet or continental breakfast, ensuring a pleasant start to the day. The convenience continues with the inclusion of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, making both exploration and connectivity seamless. For those looking to dine in, the in-house restaurant serves up delectable dishes that promise to satisfy culinary cravings.

Located 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, the apartment ensures ease of travel to and from the accommodation, making it an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors. As a non-smoking property, Cozy Elegance Above Korca maintains a fresh and inviting environment, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.