---\ntitle: "Cozy 2BR home in Bllok Area"\ndescription: "Cozy 2BR Home in Bllok Area stands as a beacon of modern comfort in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of convenience and style for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507866725.jpg?k=62076547399b82d09be1342866c0b9d71a568a8eb2185507452bda6b39419080&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-2br-home-in-bllok-area\naddress: "Rruga Lidhja e Prizrenit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31741468\n  lng: 19.81806211\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507866725.jpg?k=62076547399b82d09be1342866c0b9d71a568a8eb2185507452bda6b39419080&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507867759.jpg?k=769c806050cee22c37f04e5f4a9eac58a5d07013db1d3c7e01b1cd3d97a0e1a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511094388.jpg?k=3b400a40a9218cefd3922e40d5096bdc33cf7cd120e0ec5ebc0f56a125a96312&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511094444.jpg?k=d2d25f1688e3192eee4b856c40f5bb6139bd009653e1a2ad7e8d1d8a3b9f828a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507867036.jpg?k=249e5edd1c9582cff074244c723cca098d3e2deeac8277ec79460fa8f886d028&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510634588.jpg?k=9afd079eb913b6fcf1adf42decd940dc8a0638f61d6b72072d41960864cdf7c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511094661.jpg?k=2057dd2bf4687c972b348e164a9654414986a0401b9b6a398202eb56ab570b59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507867144.jpg?k=c4372842190bbecc6a245aba05d9e5241882e61d1878b81ccb24c17723479ee4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528529552.jpg?k=a591c6494e39752a03e5ab0c160a639be3da5c368cf0585d0171558acbddd3ff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (97 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Urban Roots 20 m"\n  - "4 PM 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My time at Miki’s place was epic! The place is cozy, super clean with all the cool stuff you'd want.Location was 10/10 , you can walk to every cool spot in Tirana from here. The coffee machine and tea maker was the cherry on top! Big shoutout to...”"\n  - name: "Soleil"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartment was brilliant, great value for money and great location. Flat was clean and welcoming; a kitchen with all the items you’d need and all very clean and well presented, added bonuses with the tea and coffee.
All in all the flat was a great...”"\n  - name: "Donald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Had an awesome time! The place was chill, clean, and had cool vibes. Host was mega-friendly and always on point. Totally recommend for a good time!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-2br-home-in-bllok-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to contemporary living, featuring air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from Tirana's bustling streets. Guests will find themselves at home with a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, offers the convenience of home-cooked meals, while the inclusion of slippers adds a touch of luxury to the experience. The provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay, emphasizing the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For those keen on exploring, the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Rinia Park adds to its appeal. Moreover, with Skanderbeg Square just 1.3 km away, guests have the city's pulse at their fingertips. The property's location also benefits from excellent connectivity, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

In essence, Cozy 2BR Home in Bllok Area is not just an accommodation but a gateway to experiencing Tirana's enchanting atmosphere, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of urban exploration. Its non-smoking environment ensures a clean and healthy stay, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and culture in Albania's capital.