---\ntitle: "Cozy stay in the heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at \"Cozy Stay in the Heart of Tirana,\" a prime accommodation choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/3465456773769461/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-stay-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32307028\n  lng: 19.81706943\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/3465456773769461/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/al/fb2cbf96bcebc05e7b4b8c533c756c27197c23dd.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517776604.jpg?k=cbee27825063a67e820d1f94e4362bb818260c7a91c142455abbc56a1962b87b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776508.jpg?k=9bcff02853f40ee1c4fd111777503d246cf048cfb0fe1d97f411ad9394700dfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776505.jpg?k=b464fdebc518b95dec2d4d84a913898b76e94e146ccc87368f86c08f69f6e693&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776506.jpg?k=f25bc11464d74ef733d4e49f72f36405c0b791c9e8121d2b055e730b74cf9e0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776507.jpg?k=9cdd22cbdfb29c725aed4c68cc4ffd94484bad452776c8dbb99271a254bd1f29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776513.jpg?k=ff411f923e8a7ba0f117dd73442ab7f2ecff373a069b03859702ad95bdb86a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/517776503.jpg?k=0dd9f7e1860f580ec09ab42af939745087afac65d7db45ed4ca390854ec5bc97&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish&Burger 20 m"\n  - "Taverneta by Whisky 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very tidy and lovely AirBnb apartment equipped with everything you need. A good bed and nice bathroom. The owner was Very kind and wants to share all hé know about the area. He went way beyond to make our night comfortable and memorable. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-stay-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n"Cozy Stay in the Heart of Tirana" is within easy reach of several of the city's major attractions, including the serene Saint Paul Cathedral, the vibrant Rinia Park, and the intriguing House of Leaves, ensuring guests have a plethora of options for sightseeing and entertainment. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected and share their experiences with ease.

The apartment itself offers a refreshing oasis of calm and comfort amidst the bustling city. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air conditioning, a necessity in the warmer months, and the apartment boasts a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with modern amenities such as a fridge and stovetop, and a well-appointed bathroom. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort to the stay, making it an ideal retreat for both short and long-term visitors.

For those interested in exploring the cultural heartbeat of Tirana, the apartment is conveniently located near the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, the artistic Reja - The Cloud, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's past and present.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 17 km away, making "Cozy Stay in the Heart of Tirana" an excellent choice for both domestic and international travelers looking for a hassle-free stay in the heart of Tirana. This non-smoking accommodation promises a comfortable and memorable stay for all who visit.