---\ntitle: "Cozy 1 Bedroom apartment near parks, cafes & restaurants"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Cozy 1 Bedroom Apartment, perfectly positioned for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the local culture."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046400.jpg?k=0df9d7e505121aa185851979eb60b3f84a87b1c9464a29e8e1cb70046bbe682f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: cozy-1-bedroom-apartment-near-parks-cafes-restaurants\naddress: "Rruga Dafinave, ish-fusha e Aviacionit, Godina 20, Ap 17, Pallati Izraeliti 7 TR3682, 1064 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33319424\n  lng: 19.79295564\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046400.jpg?k=0df9d7e505121aa185851979eb60b3f84a87b1c9464a29e8e1cb70046bbe682f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046409.jpg?k=f3ea5ba36118ba2425f07468e07d614261b44bfb0523a7dce863dfed94bfa5a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046392.jpg?k=3c574a3ff61562c431d478afee23f72ef97a76dd4e6d729d57e724345b4ccc75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046382.jpg?k=6c4ff6d415b9fa9edf9a2fd118189694f732c1a3e3df40295f2e45ad118e0d23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046394.jpg?k=4432e0ff718d3310f0cba5f32108b2690729703f755ff40077ae4c540b40c2db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490103149.jpg?k=c39ddf37b288dbb0549a5f1e32494a512479f42bcdaf2d52151e6575737ec074&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490046376.jpg?k=180fbcf7d54daf970e374603239d91d5e79aceff9c6f29293ba52f8f2686775f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490103427.jpg?k=ff91d6d2af8254c09cf701cdb445470a069e7064e5245c7e96c29a66357739ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490045795.jpg?k=21fafb1131c1ce446232eea1714e3d0ce93eaea0706108d8a4648d715ef46cf8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 40 m"\n  - "Agron 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 950 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice apartment in the Fusha Aviacionit area. Relatively easy to park a car here and still walking distance to the center of Tirana. The apartment is laid out quite nicely and has lots of light coming in. Value for money is excellent.”"\n  - name: "Kathryn"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful, clean and comfortable.
Location great too!”"\n  - name: "Selinamaria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Really nice apartment close to the center with every comfort you need both for a short or long stay. The place was super clean and host was totally flexible and nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/entire-apartment-near-park-w-free-wifi-a-c-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests will appreciate the convenience of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, a rarity in such a prime location, ensuring a hassle-free experience from start to finish. The apartment stands out as a smoke-free environment, promoting a clean and healthy living space just 3.4 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha.

The interior of the apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that opens up to a balcony offering serene garden views. The fully equipped kitchen allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the provision of bed linen, towels, and even chocolates or cookies adds a touch of homey comfort.

For those eager to explore beyond the city's confines, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 41 km, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty surrounding Tirana. Meanwhile, the House of Leaves museum, located just 2.6 km away, provides a deep dive into the country's intriguing history. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 12 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

The Cozy 1 Bedroom Apartment near parks, cafes, and restaurants is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the rich tapestry of life in Tirana, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both comfort and adventure.