---\ntitle: "Curri’s Apartments"\ndescription: "Curri's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468452.jpg?k=b19b1803eda4854175997138f3d69339f2c1164852ddd84c2ab22832909e5c33&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: curri-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Shkëmbi, Kavajë, Albania, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28627214\n  lng: 19.51581216\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468452.jpg?k=b19b1803eda4854175997138f3d69339f2c1164852ddd84c2ab22832909e5c33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468430.jpg?k=b8c92dfb9d04f3fa77326ec0a88db73fdd3625875a15cae4bd1092dc83b39b15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468451.jpg?k=4a35d0ba58937e233e83bf39b1eaee2a3d94123c88ff3859b59bb5bd56ea7d59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468439.jpg?k=356d2bb4335b48fbab2bd6baeeee8470362fdb3b45acdfb8a96b729710fdcf3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468447.jpg?k=cf5c72bbaa619d3b7528466864975dd4bf637bd0257095201b0d5f15c0dc410e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468457.jpg?k=1791f3eb32e10175bb5ebed2434520d3481d06b9bf90e69521a0c03aacec75c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468443.jpg?k=c6a909a422f4e4cfc214544900da08f1277b1ba292ad763e0013de30839379c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468448.jpg?k=1d4d05b2305c34f245683e909bc75ebf73acd59df2cd45eba185512dd53e2852&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449468445.jpg?k=efa28570927be9aba851fd117618f42fa73b2ae48400dbf31ab81667bfa1c90a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Riviera 250 m"\n  - "Hasani 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 500 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jovan"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment is very nice, clean, and very well equipped. Everything is in excellent condition and a very nice place, close to the beach, no crowds on this street. I would especially like to point out the kindness and helpfulness of the host, who...”"\n  - name: "Rita"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartment was very spacious, clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Viktoriia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“These were the most comfortable and cozy apartments of our entire trip to Albania. We just felt at home. The kitchen has absolutely everything for cooking. I was very pleased with the coffee machine and the availability of capsules for it. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/curris-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment, a strict non-smoking establishment, is a mere 2.8 km away from the picturesque Golem Beach, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. The accommodation itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a 2-bedroom layout complete with a flat-screen TV, a washing machine, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a minibar. The addition of free WiFi ensures that guests remain connected and entertained throughout their stay.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Curri’s Apartments is strategically located with Skanderbeg Square 41 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and culture of the area. Additionally, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 45 km from the property, presents an opportunity for an unforgettable adventure with its breathtaking views. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently 35 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Curri's Apartments stands out not just for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but also for offering a slice of tranquility amidst the vibrant city life of Durrës.