---\ntitle: "D Rooms"\ndescription: "D Rooms emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500976427.jpg?k=524ede3f6d0945f9bcee43535a2c9ca3abe7e744b94ae89bd052c67ae42e2380&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: d-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Brigada 8, Building no.28, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32198918\n  lng: 19.81403296\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500976427.jpg?k=524ede3f6d0945f9bcee43535a2c9ca3abe7e744b94ae89bd052c67ae42e2380&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497531450.jpg?k=9138ef22206cc687bcbfc975e58345ecf50370c4fce4d71b83004820c711603d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497531491.jpg?k=33f27a4d12696b4d01b1338c49c4472268f33ac6f57e74d40c705ad20d9560bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497531596.jpg?k=e11216fc48467acca993d41edb8ab401ec12d1edd0401dfd715c3a9fcf141784&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497531442.jpg?k=95d73e8dca4f3667d39abfe0400bcc8a8672f948eb5d12258eabaeaa5db09475&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497531470.jpg?k=b06227c313cf818f009b3bbb08b1136e9415deeba75a2e00c2705b9f97e5da63&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Large Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Otium 20 m"\n  - "Inpuglia 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albulena"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Excellent Location, excellent room and staff.
Totally recommend 💯”"\n  - name: "Besi"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything perfect ☺️
The place was in a very good location, you can find very good coffee restaurants nearby, very close to the city center.
The rooms were in very good condition, modern, smells so good, towels, sheets very clean.
The staff was...”"\n  - name: "Viktoriia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“All was perfect! The bed and towels are like in 5 star hotels. Amazing flowery smell everywhere, very clean, modern, and good quality. Self check in is a great option I've experienced the first time.
Many thanks to the owner and management of D...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/d-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its well-appointed accommodations, where each air-conditioned room boasts a panoramic city view. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful amenities provided in every room, including a desk, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels for a comfortable stay. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in each room adds a touch of home for travelers.

For those eager to delve into the local scene, D Rooms is conveniently located near Skanderbeg Square, offering a glimpse into Albania's vibrant history at the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, guests will find D Rooms to be an accessible retreat, promising a memorable stay in the bustling city of Tirana.