---\ntitle: "D1 Hostel"\ndescription: "D1 Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277430064.jpg?k=aa2120488caddf2d135e5fa715ad8dc9a9c94bf9206df125e8db22ebd5b5c210&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: d1-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi 9, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32913908\n  lng: 19.82227152\nprice: "US$14"\npriceFrom: 14\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 931\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277430064.jpg?k=aa2120488caddf2d135e5fa715ad8dc9a9c94bf9206df125e8db22ebd5b5c210&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302293693.jpg?k=ba730cbc89cabaf3cc1b14d3ce7c99a1ecd15bea7ccf43494406fa0cc7dbf172&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104768251.jpg?k=dc2f6a1d2f106124d79fbeea6bc4e688dc4d37880d25647997be25ff662594d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277430083.jpg?k=9ac9f39fa4198f0edc6132ff7ed64d178d74c5d12a5b220eb9fd5ea74677132e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/277427752.jpg?k=0d2ef38ca0385523b2ed1e11fd5ba856a72fd50bf393ebd432d5db15c4627cb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303777608.jpg?k=7a60c1fe53bbfb21bab969473c22d62ac83f8c27c70278d8d3fdf48f08c74af0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 10 m"\n  - "Europa Caffe 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Caterina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The place was clean and the staff was very friendly. In the accommodation everything was provided and even free coffee and tea were available at all times. Also in the morning a small free breakfast was given. The position is great and you can...”"\n  - name: "Zena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location was absolutely perfect. Completely central with everything you can imagine needing within walking distance. despite central, very peaceful. Staff (and all locals) extremely helpful and friendly. Very flat area to walk around for those...”"\n  - name: "Joyce"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Awesome Julian with very very fast responses before I even arrived. Awesome location awesome customer service. Although my bed light was out of order, it took a couple hours till it was fixed. Massive thank you to Julian. I promise I'll be back...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/d1-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nAccommodations at D1 Hostel are thoughtfully appointed, with each room boasting a private bathroom equipped with a shower. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering balconies for a breath of fresh air or city views that capture the essence of Tirana. Comfort is not compromised, as all rooms are furnished with essential bed linen and towels.

For those looking to blend leisure with activity, D1 Hostel does not disappoint. Guests can engage in a friendly game of darts or explore the city at their own pace with the convenience of car hire services directly from the hostel. 

The location of D1 Hostel places guests in the vicinity of notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the hostel offering a paid shuttle service for seamless transfers.

D1 Hostel represents a perfect fusion of location, amenities, and comfort, making it a compelling choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana.