---\ntitle: "Daily Apartment Vila L"\ndescription: "Daily Apartment Vila L emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656174.jpg?k=909e750dd0ad6c1403483ffadc6520aa82c44dd488d1128f5acbcc7fae3c51e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: daily-apartment-vila-l\naddress: "Rruga 5 Maji,Vila L,5 floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34252545\n  lng: 19.82568343\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 7\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656174.jpg?k=909e750dd0ad6c1403483ffadc6520aa82c44dd488d1128f5acbcc7fae3c51e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656269.jpg?k=9d48358c93421b4eaf65c5cf3f026d63baa5558beb9e6ba52fa713ea4d01409c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656251.jpg?k=f921d42687cd26c6eb246596c3e49b6f9fce97af6bbe4c219dc61be5336a7bed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656257.jpg?k=e179e2081f839f90281052ca13edade6e4c469535c93c391400afd881b33888e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656196.jpg?k=0b48d02e1dae0794e91235161ded823830758d0b900e703185eec7cf3e56ff41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656205.jpg?k=e94bc6a1e69da68fe16595493f6c2698e82f35e3d931507dbcd72f8346ec32e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656195.jpg?k=45de5d8a383e48ecd94a1a4ee95c001cebc701e59c51dcf3821b0ce1a9ca17eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656265.jpg?k=ecd33f0d78c3163c38d1d0d16cbe262e4c2160265637cc6f04d229c4f860d2ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399656209.jpg?k=18445092cf59618ee8df69575e1777dbe8f889f2764eb8d76ffbf495cfbb10a3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 150 m"\n  - "Byrektore 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mónica"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Todo. El apartamento está fenomenal y tiene de todo. La atención de la anfitriona excelente.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/daily-apartment-vila-l.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Daily Apartment Vila L are treated to a serene garden setting and the luxury of air-conditioned spaces, ensuring a pleasant retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. The establishment prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service and the availability of an elevator, ensuring ease of access for all guests. Complimentary WiFi is accessible throughout the premises, and for those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, and the fully equipped kitchen caters to every culinary need with an oven, fridge, washing machine, and stovetop. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided, emphasizing the accommodation's commitment to a hassle-free stay. It's worth noting that the apartment maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

For those keen to explore, Daily Apartment Vila L is conveniently located near several of Tirana's key attractions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, adds another layer of convenience to this appealing accommodation option.

In summary, Daily Apartment Vila L offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.