---\ntitle: "Dajana Apartments"\ndescription: "Dajana Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170804.jpg?k=eaa5fbb2a2bc1df55d581b86eea2207dbe157c36dc54e02823726c4aeba30825&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dajana-apartments\naddress: "St. Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77507574\n  lng: 20.0054793\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 90\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170804.jpg?k=eaa5fbb2a2bc1df55d581b86eea2207dbe157c36dc54e02823726c4aeba30825&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170883.jpg?k=ec35b97b4f250ab055977b9f868d3c9e7dd836ee30f48a87a832e2e53f6407a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170885.jpg?k=5f7c861946f61cfa75d169fdbf416408ec36dd1b0cf8d5cc5a18c0b890d3fae2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299179476.jpg?k=06dff3d8318bbf60e971bd5d979fe22fc399f5ca7605d3d03de309c630e9dce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170892.jpg?k=8bef001792b15ce3028ce7467af7b791c21355b5d33be8cde1c7973a1493ea45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170735.jpg?k=1513b68400c9259104adab50006437dc02060718bbb3af2372d8d3f27902a235&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170799.jpg?k=1c485943523437aebbbac612fe8e66937ee622376db4ba51a9ad070cbd7c3483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299177905.jpg?k=96cbf371a5e5ba682c6cf575a9f8725be18c8d5cff53f76137d3df2e76bd895d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299170809.jpg?k=00fba71d1aaa81d858abefcdfeab42cd6fc92813df07141bfe007351200ea4c3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat House 50 m"\n  - "Shakesbeer 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gogogaga"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Great hosts, perfect English, clean, with gated parking. Beaches are 300m away, and you have 3 big markets in 30m range.”"\n  - name: "Lucia"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“In the city center, close to the beach, but still quiet, spacious rooms, very good beds for sleep, balcony. The owners family was very friendly. We spend very nice time here!”"\n  - name: "Liat"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Great location, all you may need is in the apartment very nice and kind hosts always with a smile and wants to help Higley recommend perfect for family with kids
The beach only 5 minutes by walking, supermarket and restaurants just outside the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shtepia-cako.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Dajana Apartments are treated to stunning mountain views, complemented by the ease of complimentary WiFi and the assurance of free private parking. The establishment is distinguished by its family-friendly rooms and the added delight of a barbecue area, perfect for those leisurely evenings after a day of exploration.

Accommodations are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area in each unit allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, making it an ideal choice for longer stays. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a hair dryer, a bidet, and a shower, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay. Select units boast the luxury of a terrace or balcony, offering serene views of the garden or the cityscape, while essentials like a wardrobe and a kettle are standard across all rooms.

For those keen on exploring the local area, Dajana Apartments facilitates bicycle rental services, making it effortless to venture out and enjoy activities such as fishing in the nearby surroundings. The proximity to Coco Beach and the historical Butrint National Park, just a few kilometers away, presents guests with ample opportunities for adventure and cultural enrichment.

Situated 93 km from Corfu International Airport, Dajana Apartments not only promises a memorable stay with its array of features and prime location but also ensures accessibility for international travelers, making it a compelling choice for those visiting Ksamil.