---\ntitle: "Dajti Mountain View"\ndescription: "Dajti Mountain View emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene retreat in the heart of Tirana, mere kilometers away from the city's historical and natural landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477924781.jpg?k=36b3fdc79c9a7e8dd7472b39645098fd8ddffadbf3b9caf7159ca5796b8684d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dajti-mountain-view\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Manastirit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33969799\n  lng: 19.83736818\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477924781.jpg?k=36b3fdc79c9a7e8dd7472b39645098fd8ddffadbf3b9caf7159ca5796b8684d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522345373.jpg?k=edb1d6e35ac18ac2cb27c39b03b156d82e27385ac012bedbb8794511af44204a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511513865.jpg?k=40548cab2ba9098ef49a44b3ce9a14f1c314bfa9f019a0cbba8385ad8bfcbc09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522345293.jpg?k=a7482bf1d9c1ec513b104db61bfa838f78ac971def5460defd0f88bad3ccf546&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511514660.jpg?k=59c0924ac2d74e9c1ec7ee247ff398d6165963b194baf1b148936aba40f42652&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485016016.jpg?k=71ebff265d9645142ebaad1fc785ec595787afe413ddc8b6e6355d2de26c3e13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478068018.jpg?k=7723388b92ac27e5791bf85dec50532896560f9727b42624f632f36e916b2f32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485011448.jpg?k=1f246962087ebd4b307d0202221e4379ded3ffa7dcbe6959bcaf913a6d28aaa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485015677.jpg?k=b4f48e73d6b8c89ac936f1e5dcf977e50c242bc2888c858c3029b3dc71c71d4d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (47 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 3 DDDI Tirana 100 m"\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.6 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Blerina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean apartment 👌 🙌 everything in place. Nice view and warm inside. Very friendly, polite and professional service.”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cdo gje ishte perfekt dhe ne vendin e duhur. Shtepia ishte shume e paster dhe kishte cdo gje te nevojshme brenda.
Pamja nga ballkoni sidomos gjate naten qe shume paqesore. Mikepritja ishte shume e mire dhe ne u kenaqem.
Do e rizgjidhja”"\n  - name: "Hosseini"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Dajti und seine Frau sind sehr nette Menschen und haben uns sehr geholfen. Sie haben uns alles gezeigt. Sie haben uns ein sehr gutes Taxi vorgestellt, das sehr günstig, sauber und neu war. Vor dem Haus gibt es eine Bar und ein Restaurant, die wir...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dajti-mountain-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Dajti Mountain View are treated to a spacious apartment that boasts a balcony with breathtaking mountain views. The accommodation includes a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen fitted with modern appliances such as an oven and a toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds to the convenience, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The added perks of complimentary WiFi and private parking on-site enhance the stay, making it hassle-free for those arriving with vehicles.

The property prides itself on being a non-smoking environment, ensuring a clean and fresh atmosphere for all guests. For those eager to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, the Rock of Kavaje and Tanners' Bridge are within a reasonable distance, offering further insights into the region's rich culture and history. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 16 km away, provides effortless connectivity for international travelers.

Dajti Mountain View not only offers a glimpse into the tranquil side of Tirana but also ensures a comfortable and convenient stay, making it an excellent choice for visitors looking to experience the best of the city and its natural surroundings.