---\ntitle: "Dajti Park Resort"\ndescription: "Dajti Park Resort, located a mere 10 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car in Priska e Madhe, stands out as a prime destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89217885.jpg?k=1efde514c6191c79753b3cc00548b49f2f9adbb90aa2da5ac7c44f6532272643&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dajti-park-resort\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Tirane-Dajt Km8 SH54, 1001 Priska e Madhe, Albania"\ncity: "Priska"\nlocation: "Priska"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32379382\n  lng: 19.92879689\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89217885.jpg?k=1efde514c6191c79753b3cc00548b49f2f9adbb90aa2da5ac7c44f6532272643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62205394.jpg?k=1cd37f5b5fa93b3d75c8a6f7eeeef074bc29a57bc4e099f6c6c2732b2a8c25d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/55137485.jpg?k=71204999148215a13fed6aae28c574e7d020b2d35b81562400ae889164684a62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257588699.jpg?k=5674a1d80d4e3b4806a6157f0064b180f0fa65b73845516a27c8a11653571097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/55137403.jpg?k=c7d3e848bcf548c048c71794620ae31e1999d8cfc8f7d173d83a74ac9b2b58ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62205309.jpg?k=277e756b4bf32e3b5d52b2644fc5098ec031e53f2a4c75d4a19f983e029bf70c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Triada 550 m"\n  - "Bianca 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 0 m"\n  - "Mali I Dajtit 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 8 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Willem"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The friendly service combined with good facilities, specially the nice pool made our stay very good”"\n  - name: "András"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nagy szobák, szép étterem, medencézési lehetőség, jó parkolás, gyönyörű kilátás, jó megközelithetőség, kényelmes nagy teraszok.”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Большая комната. Нормальная третья кровать. Вид с балкона, из ресторана, от бассейна супер. Красивая, ухоженная, зеленая территория отеля. Бассейн.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dajti-park-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Dajti Park Resort are treated to a range of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, perfect for a refreshing dip, and well-maintained gardens and a terrace that invite leisurely strolls or moments of quiet reflection. For dining, the on-site restaurant serves a variety of delicious meals, complemented by the convenience of room service and a welcoming bar for evening drinks.

Accommodations at the resort are thoughtfully appointed to ensure comfort and convenience. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony. Private bathrooms come standard with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, while a fridge in every room adds an extra touch of home.

For younger guests, the resort features a children's playground, making it a family-friendly option that keeps the little ones entertained. 

Located just 13 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Dajti Park Resort serves as a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the area. Additionally, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 27 km away, ensures convenient access for international travelers.

Dajti Park Resort emerges as a compelling choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience in their travel accommodations.