---\ntitle: "DAN's Apartment BLLOK"\ndescription: "DAN's Apartment BLLOK emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of a central location in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604581.jpg?k=efd8b94b270f8ff160b56a270240606bf8033fd8b36331ea25b41294b27c15bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dan-s-apartment-bllok\naddress: "Rruga Abdyl Frashëri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31854426\n  lng: 19.81693556\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604581.jpg?k=efd8b94b270f8ff160b56a270240606bf8033fd8b36331ea25b41294b27c15bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604693.jpg?k=f0fdb131d80af33d56f6a9ca41ad42b7ae9cb2c166c2cc1166e8528c008de8b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604664.jpg?k=b16f93267821c0ca42f94bfd918698ea83f477e9587128f3e4d612975313698c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604692.jpg?k=d6051d57915c3e7e0d697257917b7dbcf54416a4357d164b9ed714affa4636f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604691.jpg?k=6d9836a45c21a50824aa2aa50ff689496e4caa2a25db9e170a18c0f43e1a46ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604660.jpg?k=d26dc131afd7889f0fb7f3d06b206eb0d233dfa6885f2fbf67301d3cfb873ffe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604694.jpg?k=69ed974c9dce2489340fc954ac4dde69716251130ca001bffdf633fef07daf4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604695.jpg?k=e9bcd2ec815201eb566983af0d2787d159e86e8d1e0b39a4d7316a1c96025c88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490604672.jpg?k=e60cf7813614b7061ba14ba61956d3b9c4898c17f1f6fe763cdc2e9f503b03bc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek 30 m"\n  - "Rixhis 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olivier"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“bonne communication avec le propriétaire.
appartement agréable et fonctionnel très bien localisé pour visiter Tirana.
quartier sympa.”"\n  - name: "Ina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto era perfetto, non mancava niente. La pozione perfetta vicino ai bar restorant posti belli da visitare. Vini il ragazzo che gestisce l’appartamento è molto disponibile, per qualsiasi cosa mi ha risposto le mie domande. Tornerò ancora.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dans-place-bllok.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting a generous layout, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony to enjoy the city's ambiance. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances, including an oven and a fridge, catering to guests' culinary needs. Additionally, the convenience of a washing machine and the inclusion of towels and bed linen enhance the homely feel. The bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds a touch of luxury to the living experience. Notably, the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 16 km away, making DAN's Apartment BLLOK an ideal base for both short-term visits and extended stays in the heart of Albania's capital.