---\ntitle: "Dardana&Gerjon apartament"\ndescription: "Dardana&Gerjon Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Bathore."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500719721.jpg?k=ce8b2f3921a0623c7e7f8154847b197332dec2aebdb7a2e9a28188749bf79ea6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dardana-gerjon-apartament\naddress: "Bulevardi Blu, 1030 Bathore, Albania"\ncity: "Bathore"\nlocation: "Bathore"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.36465002\n  lng: 19.77074704\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500719721.jpg?k=ce8b2f3921a0623c7e7f8154847b197332dec2aebdb7a2e9a28188749bf79ea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500717189.jpg?k=49d2e55aa33f8a03d7fba7dc8fb884c934dcbe7958eb3a65eaed7978dc59828f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497728624.jpg?k=ea021758ca432633d68dfba86a7a10f22a782958593a1d0fb7df541d697a4e47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497730037.jpg?k=1bfc696a1783f6598c7dca10971c5826eb66e930f52d8735ab50cbb0bb09ede1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500374908.jpg?k=f263b0d9f80daf29f76e1667bc800f01286e05f4d40427cfa35aceec7b729b28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497728072.jpg?k=912c0bd5b39c9e5c16f52d8f6e01c8b4a734ce05c3d45ad5607f96c7fd93e9ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496399087.jpg?k=c9ad2f7fbdee3628ac000e8fe7eeaed61434a33a5bcf3bd6bd159cf1f84ac24f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497728623.jpg?k=c4940bb4946c4f6c9d880769e7676b4ffa626bbb6a254c64d8f386df2564172a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500375072.jpg?k=b31968f775c7c2891a63b222bd30f42c1681c43c052f72949f0cf13515593b83&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Diamond Coffee 300 m"\n  - "Charlie Brown 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 3.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 3.7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 3.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 4.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 4.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 4.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 5 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\n  - "JCB"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Namik"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The owners of the facility were extremely attentive and helpful, they answered all our questions. We would like to stay here again when I come again.”"\n  - name: "Nataliia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Сніданок не входить у вартість. Апартаменти просторі, чисті, всі зручності є.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dardana-amp-gerjon-apartamen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nOffering a serene retreat, the apartment boasts a spacious layout complete with a balcony that offers tranquil street views. It is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The presence of two bathrooms with walk-in showers adds to the convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests. Additionally, the availability of a dry cleaning service underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort.

For those who appreciate the convenience of on-site amenities, a minimarket within the apartment complex meets daily necessities without the need to venture far. The complex also features a picnic area, providing an ideal setting for guests to enjoy the outdoors and relax in a natural setting.

Located 41 km from the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment offers a unique opportunity to explore the surrounding area. Cultural landmarks such as the House of Leaves and Rinia Park are also within easy reach, located 6.8 km and 7 km away, respectively. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated just 7 km from the apartment, making Dardana&Gerjon Apartment an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in the region.