---\ntitle: "DEA Hotel 2002"\ndescription: "DEA Hotel 2002 stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Korçë, a mere 45 km away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218929856.jpg?k=8d5db60b23fca83a0084dde450f2941ffd6c056bfc09656efec69e6dbe46d784&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dea-hotel-2002\naddress: "Rruga Partizani, 1001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.60759158\n  lng: 20.78469051\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 294\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218929856.jpg?k=8d5db60b23fca83a0084dde450f2941ffd6c056bfc09656efec69e6dbe46d784&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218689521.jpg?k=17628eafc7db867ce3af7fa92cf5238e6adfeed620e2e785420183eac42c971f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218689506.jpg?k=f01e20d07dd6a661e82f66995ef7b4ebd7489a34239a229215f5b922b4c8d4b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218933065.jpg?k=78cb4c593d3ca5fca30533ab4efa1ca5b1ce61058ab0041e4293e2ca6a25ac97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218689533.jpg?k=105aab455b4d98c0cbec932c8e7d6fd485b08b15c910a69e421147b49f0cb841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218684281.jpg?k=1f287e14671177c9ad191dd0851e5610b0f5893035a33f568591bcd9a6e73a8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224571942.jpg?k=3051e1b82a5387afe015d24ac18c4cbcb1b48bab8beacb931c955d87bb6a130a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218934399.jpg?k=05f277c70f2259371cb22a268f94f48e2f7a2541b195661e0428aecdc9d2bddf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218934194.jpg?k=2ae5d3c238907856274fd34c4b5d728960b38a3cd8f426fb49dc0e44b89a5a74&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room with Shower"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Bath"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dea 2002 200 m"\n  - "Panda 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 900 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 1.2 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 1.3 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 44 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Bed, room, breakfast were very nice and people who working there very kind and friendly”"\n  - name: "Aleksandr"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Giant balcony. Soft, big and clean bed. Friendly staff”"\n  - name: "Michele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The staff very kind and very helpful, easy check-in open desk 24h, great location, big balcony with mountain view only 10m walking from the city centre. Hotel bar also good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dea-2002-korce1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at DEA Hotel 2002 is a haven of tranquility, offering balconies that present breathtaking mountain views or captivating cityscapes. Guests are treated to the comfort of air conditioning, the security of a safety deposit box, and the modernity of a flat-screen TV, all complemented by a private bathroom equipped with a shower and complimentary toiletries.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a diverse menu featuring American, Greek, and Italian dishes caters to a variety of palates. Morning risers are greeted with a choice of buffet, continental, or vegetarian breakfasts, ensuring a delightful start to the day. For those with specific dietary needs, vegetarian, dairy-free, and vegan options are readily available upon request.

DEA Hotel 2002 not only prioritizes guest comfort but also ensures seamless stays with room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange services. Located 72 km from Kastoria National Airport, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region.