---\ntitle: "Dea`s Apartaments"\ndescription: "Dea's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428495747.jpg?k=c43a03fbcfa298b8498bdddf94a7b84ae525cb64cafaf8c8e011bf0d4275eaa2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dea-s-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Margarita Tutulani, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31604436\n  lng: 19.813644\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428495747.jpg?k=c43a03fbcfa298b8498bdddf94a7b84ae525cb64cafaf8c8e011bf0d4275eaa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494155.jpg?k=aa6163983d83e974a77b3ac0164350cc9d410fc9d56ebfaf9a81ab7814442396&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494350.jpg?k=4912cd42b4feaa6d11dd42171ae67fb4d33d0b06ecba57a24a9819cfc5e44dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494439.jpg?k=970e512abd290356c3e678162d2b1721d8006b96fb77c0a5b0c4e3be51e53174&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428495174.jpg?k=428ae12e919415962876fa701831c026ed91b143cf1c4919491757448ab3d4b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443333279.jpg?k=c221028be9a7e681ba5071d6dce0e35c90efce46567f68c98c3f2100028e9364&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494768.jpg?k=a15e1de70182c9832ae1c6c6ed3f5aebd30df75ca2745d9e895733d6c708f227&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494050.jpg?k=d93ba39514e8100fdfafb4173ffe095207124cce1c74db330dda5a3fcc684e4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428494132.jpg?k=743c617000ab3a91e4225d2627c397e866e170acef0ad0464a8b9e0c144a90a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\n  - "Le Bon 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aida"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great customer service and check-in instructions. The area is very central and full of shops, bars and grocery stores.”"\n  - name: "Holly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is great with taxi station just a few steps away. There are amazing restaurants close by and there are supermarkets around the area too. I really love the fact that sofa is provided. It gives a cozy homy vibe even though we are...”"\n  - name: "Ante"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Great room and bed. No breakfast included, but the perfect location of the apartment in the center of Tirana!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dea-s-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Dea's Apartments is its meticulously designed 1-bedroom apartment, which boasts a harmonious blend of functionality and style. Guests can unwind in the spacious living room, equipped with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, perfect for those moments of relaxation after a day of exploring the city. The apartment doesn't stop at entertainment; a fully equipped kitchen awaits those who love to cook, featuring a refrigerator and kitchenware, complemented by a cozy dining area.

Attention to detail is evident in the comfort-oriented features, including air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, soundproofing to ensure a peaceful night's sleep, and even a fireplace to add a touch of warmth and ambiance during cooler evenings. The inclusion of bathrobes in the bathroom adds a luxurious touch, enhancing the overall guest experience.

Privacy is paramount at Dea's Apartments, with each accommodation offering a private entrance, allowing guests to enjoy their stay with the utmost discretion and comfort.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's location does not disappoint. It is conveniently close to several of Tirana's attractions, including the Grand Park of Tirana, the historical Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. Moreover, the property is a comfortable distance from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an easy gateway to stunning natural landscapes.

Accessibility is also a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 16 km away, making Dea's Apartments an ideal choice for both international visitors and those traveling within Albania.

In summary, Dea's Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those looking to immerse themselves in the dynamic atmosphere of Tirana, offering a perfect blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful touches designed to make every stay unforgettable.