---\ntitle: "Dea’s Apartment: Hidden Gem"\ndescription: "Dea's Apartment: Hidden Gem emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690285.jpg?k=ba70fe956f9c07a80785078b5a1166b53f01cb344cc4c43b18e25a85e5fd099f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dea-s-apartment-hidden-gem\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32447602\n  lng: 19.82994487\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690285.jpg?k=ba70fe956f9c07a80785078b5a1166b53f01cb344cc4c43b18e25a85e5fd099f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690645.jpg?k=cd0f9cc7ef13a6518f969b8b3a2f131048aa1f118f22794a34ddec4233c38215&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519691204.jpg?k=8b43d76b1b7ec6a9f09371cb21115d21485ec3bfdceeab285ae95c236645ee67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690279.jpg?k=3a67612130ce8a45aa6bb0921f0c438b650b7389303ac116244961ccf564ab83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519691203.jpg?k=22ec405562f2be2aa21ff5f2657cbbc1e1b090b529e554824d85f2904708c33e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520119692.jpg?k=575b1bea2e83603cd64cc95eab4208247cb77667165506ba8e607d7dc17e001a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690283.jpg?k=26fab3131882f0eb3b002dbe9aa9e664d12807dc9a28d77b71736312a603ac57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519690273.jpg?k=ac90a03d0c4e7d98c82c9945b1c87900effa5a0b09a7be2ffc1aea28a1acfe23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520118897.jpg?k=d51c01ee039d76554e081dba0a6dfb8cd3d5326736d097e0a66acb0a814a1038&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (28 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fiamma Bar Pizzeria 100 m"\n  - "Vjosa Restaurnt 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zenuni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and comfortable. Location was very good and close to the city center. Highly recommend”"\n  - name: "Stefano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa nuova e pulita. Staff cordiale e attento alle esigenze del cliente!”"\n  - name: "Jola"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Einfach alles es war toll alles war vorhanden und einem hat nichts gefehlt ich empfehle es wirklich weiter”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deas-apartment-hidden-gem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned one-bedroom apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a slice of home with its well-appointed amenities. Guests can enjoy the ease of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and oven, ensuring that meals can be as leisurely or lavish as desired. The inclusion of a washing machine, free WiFi, and a flat-screen TV adds layers of convenience, mirroring the comforts of home while away.

The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as Reja - The Cloud, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Tanners' Bridge, all within walking distance, makes it a magnet for those keen to dive into the cultural heartbeat of the city. Moreover, its location just 1.4 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha invites guests to delve into the historical narratives that have shaped Albania.

For those drawn to the allure of shopping or the arts, the Toptani Shopping Centre and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana are nearby, promising a blend of retail therapy and cultural enrichment. And with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, Dea’s Apartment: Hidden Gem ensures that arrivals and departures are as stress-free as the stay itself.

In essence, this property not only offers a strategic location and essential amenities but also serves as a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and history of Tirana.