---\ntitle: "DEAL Castle View Rooms"\ndescription: "DEAL Castle View Rooms emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Krujë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470086568.jpg?k=31670d42c06a9d4ac4979999090d5bae0ce2075ae0d6a70fb74112a10a8ea122&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deal-castle-view-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Albanopolis, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50973202\n  lng: 19.79350485\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 123\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470086568.jpg?k=31670d42c06a9d4ac4979999090d5bae0ce2075ae0d6a70fb74112a10a8ea122&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470677088.jpg?k=4be5f67ad61473e451aa6c6915e7e64b9ab9873b6c890c5bd916722a8d3e5237&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470677071.jpg?k=e0a6b95b29e42bbc3792892b02606537160638026a2005795e8ff19c2fd7f4e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470677049.jpg?k=b1735ae0d2a853226116c164c332dda6f1f63f9fc285aeeaff9fec64d10e6f96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470086447.jpg?k=fed2c364f7953b042ca49fae3955b6de60baabc98d9c00cceddd76e663646fa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495396022.jpg?k=202f9179e4afbe08065bfae26648af5e943d2f13f310a2638dd81f9fbf21fdd2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Family Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Deal 20 m"\n  - "Pizzeri Kupa Hallall 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 18 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 20 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 20 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The best bed we had in Albania!
The breakfast with omelette and vegetables was really nice. The diner was really good as well.
Extraordinairy view into the mountains
The room had a fridge”"\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very nice, clean, comfortable hotel! Great view on the wonderful terrace”"\n  - name: "Rakshak"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff is very nice and helpful. The family running this hotel is very welcoming and location is perfect to visit Kruje Castle and souvenir market. The breakfast in the morning was also delicious.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deal-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at DEAL Castle View Rooms is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and private bathrooms, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with tranquility. The highlight for many, however, is the balcony that comes with each room, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to make every morning a memorable one.

For those interested in exploring the area, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located 34 km away, offering an adventurous escape into nature, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 31 km from the hotel, providing a glimpse into the country's past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the closest airport, situated just 17 km away, making DEAL Castle View Rooms an accessible retreat for both international and domestic travelers.

With its strategic location, comfortable accommodations, and stunning views, DEAL Castle View Rooms stands out as a prime choice for those looking to experience the beauty and history of Krujë.