---\ntitle: "Delight Apartments Pogradec 301"\ndescription: "Delight Apartments Pogradec 301 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042533.jpg?k=e316a84230acebcbe9c51978f8a1c2773958bb2eeaa1e37275ccd695f7b72a9b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: delight-apartments-pogradec-301\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90538487\n  lng: 20.65249943\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042533.jpg?k=e316a84230acebcbe9c51978f8a1c2773958bb2eeaa1e37275ccd695f7b72a9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042542.jpg?k=1a95f21d99d12b19737fcc6abf09a42fe5e28927dd0b1f918e472311a557ee95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042525.jpg?k=f9c9ebe29acb5425d5b5d18f4bbdfc6232484f1c37c333ace80c789ca19e40cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042538.jpg?k=29762ca41e9860f98494e5dceae9fb93f7a9b969bfa431e0f4ddbe66781075d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042558.jpg?k=301220da22c824a43016c23bb45c8380850d0ddcc0893f9f5e947d62293a5a5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042470.jpg?k=cbc77e55ab91fbd9737294259e80901d0d8e8eb3eed42edd95461c11c96165ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042549.jpg?k=8902c991044907345669c76be9a48f334b7f5f388d9672151f30a3c3d3db6f5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456042548.jpg?k=069d3102d0fad942d7d380a07055cafe5dd8d625ce0411cdccc9f2dcd4f1b63c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 200 m"\n  - "Bakery Kosovari 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 15 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "J"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“As mentioned, we were picked up by the landlord's mum. Very nice lady.
The apartment is new, so some things are missing. We personally did not find that bad. The balcony is really nice and big.
The apartment is located on the outskirts, but still...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/delight-apartments-pogradec-pogradec1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Delight Apartments Pogradec 301 are treated to a well-appointed apartment featuring a spacious bedroom, a modern bathroom, and a living area enhanced by a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of air conditioning ensures a comfortable stay regardless of the season, while the availability of free WiFi keeps guests connected during their stay.

One of the highlights of this apartment is its terrace, offering a tranquil space for relaxation or a morning coffee with a view. The convenience extends to practicalities as well, with complimentary private parking making it an ideal choice for those traveling by car.

For those keen to explore the local area, the apartment's location does not disappoint. It is a manageable distance from notable attractions such as Port Ohrid (40 km) and the historic Church of St. John at Kaneo (41 km). Additionally, the Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Early Christian Basilica are both within a 40 km radius, offering a glimpse into the region's rich cultural heritage.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Ohrid Airport, located just 47 km away, making Delight Apartments Pogradec 301 a convenient base for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Delight Apartments Pogradec 301 presents a compelling option for guests looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to explore the cultural and natural beauty of Pogradec and its surroundings.