---\ntitle: "Delight Apartment"\ndescription: "Delight Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510266808.jpg?k=7af4f42b2b36da0809f46d0974fbcdd3bd245cbebfaee5b207f116df259761ef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: delight-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Panorama, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33715482\n  lng: 19.81138119\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510266808.jpg?k=7af4f42b2b36da0809f46d0974fbcdd3bd245cbebfaee5b207f116df259761ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512903075.jpg?k=9689f85c6963e3f38e5782fab086d7d96d56cc1e2829b2fa3f30aa947707c9ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507614835.jpg?k=39af0f1aeffe057a26612f55775be76b3c559bcc85b24fea41b8ea3b173cf318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507633205.jpg?k=ff45d061165662edc8836caae49f95817dcf06c3dd55d997dc8ee9b50b4722bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512902161.jpg?k=b2f05ba68dd02ce18cb3da737fe2175f92a3dcccf05238e11a34c64288651645&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507614846.jpg?k=2abc3ff9df45cb0ef9e992798f47cf5542b92cdf2c7f483dd90133a30fac64ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512902126.jpg?k=78754b74fec259cd14b61a188f8e14b1cec0741311cecf5eec3d6412c2d458a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512902897.jpg?k=e1ae2fb1e6552322a72c68defbb1953b2cf8bb7f5f02003bee6e3af07b3df492&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507633117.jpg?k=fb7fb321cd06fa114947898496d32c2184acc98c9352292b6338452b3c6ec8e3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (279 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bjorn Bistro & Pizza Gerd 40 m"\n  - "Bjorn Bistro & Pizza Gerd 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klaudia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Super miejsce, nowe, czyste mieszkanie, bezproblemowy kontakt z właścicielami. Byliśmy zadbani i zaopiekowani. Właścicielka mieszkania polecała nam miejsca w okolicy i wydarzenia. Polecamy :)”"\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Its a brand new building and brand new unit, maybe a few months old. Everything was new and nice. Super comfortable mattress with a proper western style duvet/blanket, great lounge, big screen TV, washing machine, fast 300mbs internet wifi. Hosts...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/delight-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSecurity is taken seriously here, with full-day monitoring and an elevator for easy access, ensuring peace of mind for every guest. The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, while the kitchen offers all the essentials, including a dishwasher, microwave, washing machine, fridge, and a complete set of kitchenware. For added comfort, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, emphasizing the apartment's commitment to a hassle-free stay.

For those who prefer to dine in or need quick essentials, a minimarket on the premises caters to every whim. Delight Apartment is not just about the comforts of the interior; its location is equally impressive. Guests find themselves a stone's throw away from cultural landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the National Museum of History of Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for explorers keen on immersing themselves in the local culture.

Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers. Delight Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, blending the convenience of city living with the comforts of home, all wrapped up in a secure and accessible package.