---\ntitle: "Delight Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Delight Hotel & SPA stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Golem, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358689110.jpg?k=fa62a2dabd4edfdbf517067dce3a757dd5c00a8d46435bd29d0583c69239746f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: delight-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 2501 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.237149\n  lng: 19.521593\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358689110.jpg?k=fa62a2dabd4edfdbf517067dce3a757dd5c00a8d46435bd29d0583c69239746f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371706443.jpg?k=a726e624038ffebf4b925a7202829593de5ab0c43c54f7797c6c0b1dd4589437&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358697467.jpg?k=304a275496d5b901d90db10f02b349ee8c278b15dc32e92c732717e2d7bd02f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358697512.jpg?k=e5dd90969b4f67b789bda222b7ed3e59d0ddd5a63356aea7f07f49b563c49df6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371705115.jpg?k=20131b7917f822a1f0bfe48d29b7c44049b73f7e202f2f5e47342f820b466aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358697478.jpg?k=a79464e3ab24587ad0bc5884cf63e24104ce26c4d1c98b06a995210652120835&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358697474.jpg?k=bfad7d738dfff9eef6aa21fc7e3c4944d5bc3d0aca3bd8f8e327b280ab5e88a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359862199.jpg?k=5d65d99d45d792f9b1136d3155cea59ddf17de95b058f090eb9367708fd05332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359862622.jpg?k=c2f89f3b55068316ae811dc39f3dfa482c305f4f89c3f01469396bc72287120a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Delicious Dish 30 m"\n  - "Pizza Orjent 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 450 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mejrem"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful experience at the Delight Hotel. Every staff member I encountered, from the valet to the check- in to the cleaning staff were delightful and eager to help! The girls at the reception Anxhi and Ola were amazing and friendly with...”"\n  - name: "Rasmus"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“We booked the deluxe suite but by the description it was more the junior. We aren't snobby and the room was excellent but by principle the description should match what you book.”"\n  - name: "Evelyn"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The breakfast was delicious and there were a lot of choises. The location was perfect as well!
The room was clean and fresh.Service was good too!
It was great on all aspect and i recommend it to everyone 🙂”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/delight-amp-spa-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Delight Hotel & SPA is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, a desk for guests needing to attend to business matters, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The added luxury of a balcony presenting a city view ensures that guests can have their own private oasis of calm. For peace of mind, a safety deposit box is available in all rooms.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a fusion of Greek, Italian, and Mediterranean cuisines tantalizes the taste buds. The daily breakfast selection is a gourmet affair, offering choices from continental to Full English/Irish and Italian options, catering to a variety of dietary preferences with vegetarian and halal options readily available.

Located conveniently close to both Qerret Beach and Golem Beach, the hotel invites exploration of the local coastline, with the former just 1.4 km away and the latter 1.5 km from the property. For those traveling from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 41 km away, with the hotel providing airport transfers to ensure a seamless journey to and from this haven of relaxation and luxury.

Delight Hotel & SPA is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises an unforgettable experience, blending impeccable service with a prime location, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both adventure and serenity by the sea.