---\ntitle: "DelMar Hotel-Apart"\ndescription: "DelMar Hotel-Apart emerges as a gem in Golem, just a stone's throw away from the serene Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486747277.jpg?k=40f1eec8ba6e46fe7be00f1f64b5d35b7f6dcd7206b878a0903d374865ef8f0a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: delmar-hotel-apart\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa Perball Hotel Pameba, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24759547\n  lng: 19.52357245\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486747277.jpg?k=40f1eec8ba6e46fe7be00f1f64b5d35b7f6dcd7206b878a0903d374865ef8f0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486746682.jpg?k=920507533eace40d6541aa4699eadd0ffd2dc0fc51d74f675f6b5d0e26b10814&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486746488.jpg?k=a9947006177edb48ad0892d3342d8d77bda0de90ecbc17955c9b2dd3454a7f09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486746693.jpg?k=0f882d969af54f75fa1be06c3dff7729f0174101a3a0cc657d832bb638381d41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486747547.jpg?k=c6ae5b5f99045b79a8029bf341a69417e2621e987e87d40b183b084827964d8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486747542.jpg?k=e1b6b242feae715280c548cafa15cacf5d114bdff98e83754e1e1fa63285a6d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486746929.jpg?k=2af2433d7c1c9e0c4c718d3ad224af480906fa2230b9cd99836d9bffeb566ec2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486746496.jpg?k=c4d0945596dfda35389f2636cdd2d0ca48a9bf6622bd4825530eef1dc60c1ddb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374536939.jpg?k=6659b1ef33188f7762fcd3b7d8433e395683d23717f72b81728e63094ec7fdfc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brutal Steakhouse 100 m"\n  - "Alto Mare 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Oussama"\n    country: "Morocco"\n    text: "“Staff showing a lot of hospitality, communication in a very nice way, very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The room was very good and big, and the cleanliness was very good. Great staff”"\n  - name: "Shenasi"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The place was nice and clean and comfortable. Very close to the beach. Very calm area for a holiday”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/daniel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its array of accommodations, each boasting essential amenities such as a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, ensuring a stay that marries both relaxation and productivity. Select units elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchen, catering to those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while away from home. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the soundproofing of all units, promising a tranquil retreat from the world outside.

Morning at DelMar Hotel-Apart greets guests with a choice of breakfast options, ranging from a hearty Full English/Irish to a lighter vegetarian fare, catering to diverse palates and dietary preferences. The convenience of an on-site minimarket adds a layer of ease to the stay, allowing for last-minute needs or local indulgences.

For those drawn to the allure of the outdoors, the surrounding area of Golem offers a playground of activities, with fishing being a popular pastime. Beyond the immediate beachfront, Golem Beach and Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach beckon just a short walk away, inviting exploration and relaxation alike.

Situated a manageable distance from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, DelMar Hotel-Apart stands as a beacon for travelers seeking a serene beachside escape coupled with the comforts of modern amenities and the warmth of attentive service.