---\ntitle: "DelMar Apartments"\ndescription: "DelMar Apartments emerges as a refreshed and inviting option for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the picturesque shores of Golem, near Mali I Robit Beach and Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373771979.jpg?k=3215019b97a14ae01248988476c1f1c0d68ba1b7a8fbbdfacde2f0971d7859ac&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: delmar-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2476419\n  lng: 19.52359575\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373771979.jpg?k=3215019b97a14ae01248988476c1f1c0d68ba1b7a8fbbdfacde2f0971d7859ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374512463.jpg?k=f85adbd8c3bd8f060cd53db234a500d19e7892d74ab24c2cc3ced4d4bfbe1d18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374519456.jpg?k=0a75672e0e96420cb74effad920ee4d89d531cd4f5c417f21f46969e1cc60f7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373771977.jpg?k=e3a60769f1a82da0741cefcf0d68ceee9424f13d26e9ebce4224c62189cd584f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673897.jpg?k=aa348401987ab2b66081bfd424b4295505d6b90e39bd687faa5a520759951d5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373771976.jpg?k=7af25355129114a5da2feb188afb8aad5f8f0bd3d5c3eb5de12003fd39e7a57d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brutal Steakhouse 100 m"\n  - "Alto Mare 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nadja"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Nice and functional apartment. Friendly and helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“There was a great and helpful staff. Very clean and close to the beach”"\n  - name: "Rea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Highly recomended!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Everything exceeded our expectations. The hotel is near many shops, supermarkets, a pharmacy, exhange and many restauraunts and bars. The beach is very very near and it has many options of sunbeds. The room is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-delmar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its around-the-clock front desk, ensuring full-day security and offering luggage storage services that cater to the needs of every guest, making their stay worry-free from arrival to departure. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm, sunny days and featuring a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space. Inside, a television provides entertainment, while the private bathroom comes complete with a hair dryer for convenience. To further enhance the guest experience, DelMar Apartments offers the option of towels and linens for a nominal fee, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Mornings at DelMar Apartments begin with the delightful option of an Italian breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those little necessities or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises offers the ultimate in convenience.

For guests looking to explore beyond the beach, DelMar Apartments facilitates adventure with a car rental service, making local exploration both easy and accessible. The enchanting Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach lies just 2.4 km away, offering another beautiful setting for sun, sea, and sand. Meanwhile, the historic Skanderbeg Square is within a manageable distance of 46 km, presenting an opportunity for a day trip filled with cultural enrichment. For those traveling to and from the area, the nearest gateway is Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 41 km away, with the apartments offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

In summary, DelMar Apartments stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, comfort, and the natural beauty of Golem's coastal landscape.