---\ntitle: "Deluxe 2 Bedroom Penthouse Golem - Mali i Robit"\ndescription: "Deluxe 2 Bedroom Penthouse Golem - Mali i Robit emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience along the picturesque shores of Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529262174.jpg?k=3147d07a91da99c46d1aea161fcb3cfaa0bf643f6287cb5e8af8c688024a2ed5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deluxe-2-bedroom-penthouse-golem-mali-i-robit\naddress: "Mali i Rrobit, Golem, Kavaje, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23481949\n  lng: 19.51650979\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529262174.jpg?k=3147d07a91da99c46d1aea161fcb3cfaa0bf643f6287cb5e8af8c688024a2ed5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665624.jpg?k=0ab0815a08293301c76c7ac881d2945158b071137d60daf1363b5f1b8bde1dc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665623.jpg?k=4f3ac6c12310c8f52bad267548485d8db8487dbbea05dfff3ed8f045e2e2e5ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665629.jpg?k=cbbba8965ee11750131eff1140515777da444b475e75b1915fb0f47667ced0ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665627.jpg?k=c86a2e8939ad87db4701c7bf4daab92193ba310435c01a0c7e7c8cd81c536851&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512483222.jpg?k=bfde93a867806b3c763b1e2c6f7523a299907c34a2faa43bd839ee83936d14ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665618.jpg?k=e8818a1617dca5b2e4d1c9f2390bc97413f9fb12629babb12b1cbac2263a162d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499665628.jpg?k=6ab25abb7d18a6e0fd7b1db36589dd7b3cc74fcd8872fb88d49aaa93e4b91d58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529263751.jpg?k=64dfaeec72bf65c39b8173b49403b462b52234d9996e49b576d28cec0fc2acfe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (40 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 50 m"\n  - "Fishinn 2 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 100 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 600 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Regys"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr schöne Penthouse-Wohnung, die mit allem ausgestattet ist, was man braucht. Das Bett war sehr bequem und es hatte auch ein schönes Bad. Das Highlight war für uns die Terrasse, die riesig war! Die Wohnung war wirklich im Herzen der Strandstraße...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-luxurius-penthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the property shines with modernity and elegance. Guests are welcomed into a world where convenience meets luxury, with services such as luggage storage, private check-in and check-out, and currency exchange readily available. The promise of hassle-free parking and seamless connectivity via complimentary WiFi adds to the allure, ensuring a stay that's as carefree as it is comfortable.

The penthouse itself is a spacious haven, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality bed linen, towels, and the inclusion of a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to savor home-cooked meals, while the terrace offers breathtaking sea views, setting the stage for memorable moments under the sky.

Comfort is paramount, with air conditioning, soundproofing, and even a cozy fireplace ensuring a pleasant environment regardless of the season. The outdoor dining area and the availability of a minimarket on-site further enhance the convenience factor, making every aspect of the stay seamless.

Families will appreciate thoughtful touches like the baby safety gate, while the picnic area presents an ideal backdrop for leisurely days spent outdoors. Despite its serene location, the penthouse remains within easy reach of notable landmarks, with Skanderbeg Square and the Rock of Kavaje just a drive away. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 42 km from the property, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Deluxe 2 Bedroom Penthouse Golem - Mali i Robit stands out as a sophisticated retreat that promises an unforgettable stay by the sea, where every detail is curated with the guest's comfort and enjoyment in mind.