---\ntitle: "Deluxe Residence"\ndescription: "Deluxe Residence stands out as a gem in Durrës, offering guests a refreshing retreat just steps away from the shimmering shores of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476744109.jpg?k=a81b73ce9d0c174e2f0f83f3d222c199aafddeac5727cca1cd2124c8f40ababe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deluxe-residence\naddress: "Rruga Liria Rrushbull, Durres pallati 99, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27670564\n  lng: 19.51491414\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476744109.jpg?k=a81b73ce9d0c174e2f0f83f3d222c199aafddeac5727cca1cd2124c8f40ababe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477095484.jpg?k=bfaf77e0ccbfacab280c09647f70f46d2f92e5f9d99d066241cd966989dc69ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477089502.jpg?k=064f96b8be719bf4ad769d979b3a82d4a4c3c2005572e2e5f222022b1df4cf16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477095243.jpg?k=db1f4963f1ff6ca09ecf37c9f4989c98dbf640ae8c930880eaec475c22141706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477095342.jpg?k=a818cb13daebe61a76cc4385dfaaf2c2712985aa6578a2c8997be2b02dc4fc5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477088992.jpg?k=866ef41ba12e8acf5af0d39303a121d7fe2e9b0752865d286c798f02494f206e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oyster 10 m"\n  - "Restorant Orkide 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hamza"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Because we liked our stay so much, we booked an extra day. great stay! There is also a supermarket in the complex which makes everything easier.”"\n  - name: "Hamza"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“a beautiful apartment with all the facilities you need and super clean. beautiful view of the sea. a place where you can completely relax and unwind. we had perfect communication with the owner and if we needed help he was always there for us. In...”"\n  - name: "Jeroen"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment was great. A luxe studio-like apartment with everything you need. A bathroom, a kitchen, a working tv, wifi, everything was very good. Also small things like an electric kettle, a washing machine etc. The balcony was also amazing...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bro-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPerched conveniently close to the heart of Durrës, Deluxe Residence finds itself within easy reach of the city's most beautiful beaches, including Durres Beach and Golem Beach, both less than 2 km away, and the iconic Rock of Kavaje, merely a 500-meter stroll. The property's terrace, adorned with outdoor furniture, invites guests to relax and soak in the serene atmosphere, whether they're starting their day with a morning coffee or winding down under the starlit sky.

Accommodations at Deluxe Residence are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room features a private balcony offering breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, including an oven and a fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The luxury of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and bathrobes, adds an extra layer of comfort. For those needing to attend to work or planning, a desk and a kettle are also provided in each unit.

For guests looking to explore the local dining scene, a variety of options are available just a stone's throw from the guest house, along with an on-site bar perfect for evening relaxation. Those interested in venturing further will find Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within a 46 km radius, offering a glimpse into the rich culture and breathtaking landscapes of the area.

Situated 36 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Deluxe Residence serves as an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and exploration in Durrës.