---\ntitle: "Deluxe Apartment In City Center"\ndescription: "Deluxe Apartment In City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana, located merely 800 meters from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and a short distance from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025961.jpg?k=0e4a0307bb7231149f119ccdf632621ecca88df322d4a48a21fbf895648585bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deluxe-apartment-in-city-center\naddress: "Rruga e Saraçëve floor 5, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33311634\n  lng: 19.82302688\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025961.jpg?k=0e4a0307bb7231149f119ccdf632621ecca88df322d4a48a21fbf895648585bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025805.jpg?k=7c465bf1bb93a2dc2c60d948b88451d223ff43fcd5edc0f831f3d710c5f30a4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025907.jpg?k=282b513343f865710a732fa4d82fa9d1c39fa7194779364763cbaf531518a4cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409301361.jpg?k=c5e408ecd9eb1701e6966bf0b8b1dc560cb7824e5df14c131d266a07ced17049&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409301353.jpg?k=07cdeeb59a642044ec97c35b3bd2e76aa3e4bae54914d0ca0098eb4df0a22607&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413972090.jpg?k=759f255717150569066825f89e2eb50b9834fb534739608373a3dedeb41b419d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025520.jpg?k=b3718ad0e513826261a78d29c71c2716c9725a6726b5251718a5c9bc587d935e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025602.jpg?k=79e9163a74984da74f54780ddbf281e617cf799601337b7566b30ea38d6d5e97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465025704.jpg?k=75563eb17c153dd2b3ba9ddc97e19c1c9bb9baae59f43b6e9936cbf7d18f0ea2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 10 m"\n  - "Blua Fish 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location is perfect!! If you arrive with the bus from the airport then is only 10-15 min walking to the apartment. There is also a supermarket right in front of the building. The place is super clean and modern, definitely worth the price! The...”"\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment was very nice and clean! The host was very friendly and the service was great!
Location also prefect, nearby the city centre”"\n  - name: "Lena"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Super friendly mother and son, the apartment is very nice, clean and luxurious. Location also perfect. Recommend 10/10!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deluxe-apartment-with-jakuzzi-in-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort and convenience, boasting air conditioning and comprehensive soundproofing, ensuring a serene retreat amidst the bustling city life. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi throughout their stay, alongside the indulgence of a hot tub, adding a touch of relaxation to their visit. The living space is thoughtfully designed with a modern traveler in mind, featuring a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge, a washing machine, and a bathroom that includes both a hot tub and a shower or bath option.

Beyond the comforts of the apartment, guests are treated to captivating city views, offering a glimpse into the lively urban landscape of Tirana. The location is unbeatably convenient for cultural enthusiasts, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Museum of History Albania all within easy reach.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment is conveniently situated just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze. Deluxe Apartment In City Center stands as a testament to the blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Tirana.