---\ntitle: "Deluxe apartment bllok"\ndescription: "Deluxe Apartment Bllok emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156444.jpg?k=4abb708bced9ee76b80b875ef9524b487944ac652d409cb05f2a10c2c78fd190&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deluxe-apartment-bllok\naddress: "Rruga Perlat Rexhepi Second floor, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31779398\n  lng: 19.81604621\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156444.jpg?k=4abb708bced9ee76b80b875ef9524b487944ac652d409cb05f2a10c2c78fd190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156462.jpg?k=ad9157d0af287ae569b23536316c885e840357e8e0c94489b788b87a7697184a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156398.jpg?k=a4f95aa7370e1ff5d532e660ecaf3995f04571ef6798383973cd364039db4c45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156413.jpg?k=26e3b657b86b5dffdd0b5b7b3e0d3fe4feafa1ad8bfeacc834647d7070b3cd0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156449.jpg?k=87bd36a2176e020aec639d1889785b09ae2c40fdedba3abc36b2c599b134c086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156475.jpg?k=8059e04aab38c9b905822e68bdd0b6c153318e5c4528a48cfe425d676277fdf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156424.jpg?k=df716af92494a3e95bd15629bbb901dee66408574046a534d6d43d17666f2d45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380156472.jpg?k=eb6d17244b4647db2c13016a651aabd7f23e35e004d31bd5cb8346e3a62c1789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520779998.jpg?k=8f2b7d74a1fc2e8274d5cbe0852a65fdc5859414d178aac32f2fbbe4fbd036bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (225 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tala 2 40 m"\n  - "Veggies 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Virginia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Host was very quick to respond to booking and we checked in immediately. Was super helpful with description of how to find the apartment. Very modern apartment and reasonably priced. Wifi and heat/air con available. Able to check out late for a...”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Location is great. Best area in the city for tourists.”"\n  - name: "Uzo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment, excellent location and great communication with the host. I recommend this apartment if you're in Tirana, lovely cosy flat”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deluxe-apartment-bllok.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Deluxe Apartment Bllok are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units equipped with all the essentials for a self-sufficient stay. Guests will find a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and washing machine, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, private bathroom with shower, and complimentary toiletries, including a hair dryer, adds an extra layer of comfort to each stay. Select units further enhance the guest experience with a dining area and/or a balcony, providing a perfect setting for an outdoor meal.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, the property boasts an on-site bar, offering a convenient spot for guests to unwind. For those eager to explore, the apartment's location does not disappoint. It is within easy reach of notable landmarks such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi available throughout the property and private parking available for those arriving by car. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 16 km away, ensuring a smooth transition to and from the city.

Deluxe Apartment Bllok stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that caters to both the leisure and business traveler. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, it secures its place as a top recommendation for anyone planning a visit to Tirana.