---\ntitle: "Denis House - Private Rooms & Guesthouse Gjirokastra"\ndescription: "Denis House - Private Rooms & Guesthouse Gjirokastra emerges as a charming retreat in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310688362.jpg?k=8aeaa8ecc4982cfe47311b876e2fa88e6ddf7f8566c086122bd992354296b794&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: denis-house-private-rooms-guesthouse-gjirokastra\naddress: "Rruga Pazari i Vjetër Pllake, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07589801\n  lng: 20.14390203\nprice: "US$67"\npriceFrom: 67\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310688362.jpg?k=8aeaa8ecc4982cfe47311b876e2fa88e6ddf7f8566c086122bd992354296b794&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479894126.jpg?k=bef62120ebf4a37a2ae88b837bf23d557d4ca74d65d18f3a2ead49824aa864f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312429580.jpg?k=b40ee8a3cf83a885657cd63a18d1df85ae73c91af7b4883e98ee53843510162e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355245014.jpg?k=0e6493862735a6fd0a78cf7436631767cb296fc5a2d842b1356cca4ab0b00117&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479894080.jpg?k=b54facb155d4a7732bc012fe990217a13607e1a5aad139d43bdaf0833a84b6cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479894230.jpg?k=6ba27fbf30708eb66646ed4a1ffe1236d60c76896836cb0112e1d38983135fcb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (19 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Triple Room with View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gliko Snack Bar & Pastisserie 150 m"\n  - "Fish 300 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barry"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was very good for me. It's high on the hill, just below the castle, and about 500 metres from the old town so it's quiet and away from the crowds. The views from my room were great. The host was polite and friendly. The bed was...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff, great location close to castle, great breakfast”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very beautiful building with a nice patio full of plants. We stayed for 3 nights and it was very comfortable and clean. The hosts were very helpful and always on hand. The location is perfect, only a few minutes walk to the historical centre but...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deniss-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a serene garden and captivating river views, providing a tranquil backdrop for their stay. The accommodations at Denis House are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that open up to a private patio. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of amenities such as a satellite flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and microwave, and a private bathroom outfitted with a walk-in shower and plush bathrobes. Additional conveniences include a toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle, ensuring guests have everything they need at their fingertips.

The guesthouse doesn't stop at just providing comfortable lodging; it goes a step further by offering facilities that cater to the needs of all guests, including those with disabilities. Free WiFi and private parking are just some of the thoughtful touches that make Denis House stand out.

For those looking to unwind, the guesthouse boasts a terrace that offers breathtaking mountain views, an ideal spot for relaxation. The presence of a cozy coffee shop and lounge on the premises means guests can enjoy leisurely mornings or relaxing evenings without having to venture far.

Located 82 km from Ioannina Airport, Denis House - Private Rooms & Guesthouse Gjirokastra represents a perfect blend of accessibility and seclusion, making it a compelling choice for travelers exploring the enchanting city of Gjirokastër.