---\ntitle: "Denni’s Home"\ndescription: "Denni's Home emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479766306.jpg?k=a34161692f9cc9b78e974458c2144e7e5b4b3ad306e632b80ed0fdaabc1bf73b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: denni-s-home\naddress: "(39.8680714, 20.0254245), 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86813625\n  lng: 20.02320285\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479766306.jpg?k=a34161692f9cc9b78e974458c2144e7e5b4b3ad306e632b80ed0fdaabc1bf73b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481387961.jpg?k=a79ab65bf4fdd4db489e4d8ba025c9e80403bcf65675a824a15a60775ecfb7db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455214871.jpg?k=b9569ca1bfc9db948d7880c976da9acd99a6227725200ed4c1f068356241d467&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455212661.jpg?k=d3bde07d750d5fc7afb37cf7d68019cd88874bc0d3630adb939718b60f63de85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479954292.jpg?k=75c295a3bade277decd23b6297c6e39707a1c457e6241c10435b35682b2071e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455207992.jpg?k=b4b77291bf558ceb7ba535ba35de29bae059890aad40bc608562af89d5d6be35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453487440.jpg?k=9be4c221d2e63a207dfd55c9c987221b4e106cc898db4712e337184d6c104259&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455208272.jpg?k=7df3f881e27f784278e218ba5d1f2c411e58e71f6b904096e0d577a48998f38f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503781348.jpg?k=6f25cf573299e005c2b0795c33efd34f200f9d9ff470879a31c6ab44e5b056c7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (45 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 200 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dalnoki"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Simple, clean and very comfortable apartment a bit outside of the center of Sarande. Everything I needed for my two night stay. I had the smaller apartment with kitchen and bedroom combined. The bed was excellent! Brunilde is a lovely host who...”"\n  - name: "Serin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was good and it’s like 30 mints walk to sarande Center and beach. The host lady was very friendly and we felt like home.”"\n  - name: "Sabina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The hosts were just lovely. They were the most carying persons I’ve ever met. They make sure you are provided with everything and try to make the best stay for you. Everything was super clean and it had everything you need for cooking or anything...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dennis-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccessibility is a hallmark of Denni’s Home, with free private parking making it a breeze for guests to explore the surrounding area or venture to Ancient Fanoti, located 50 km away. The guest house itself is a haven of privacy and tranquility, featuring accommodations with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen including a fridge, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The highlight for many is the opportunity to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area, where meals are enjoyed against the backdrop of stunning sea views. The thoughtful inclusion of a private entrance and soundproofing in each unit underscores a commitment to guest privacy and comfort.

For those seeking moments of relaxation, the property's garden offers a peaceful escape, while the proximity to La Petite Beach, just 1.6 km away, and the cultural treasure of Butrint National Park, 16 km distant, invites exploration. With Ioannina Airport 95 km from the doorstep, Denni’s Home serves as an ideal base for both local and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.