---\ntitle: "DENSIT HOTEL"\ndescription: "DENSIT HOTEL emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, situated a mere 24 km from the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs and a stone's throw away from the mystical Cave Church Archangel Michael, 25 km to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509099688.jpg?k=1c6e6b33028e4b8e75413a79d358723f4c8b91d8f376c6603dc42d6817a00a2d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: densit-hotel\naddress: "Piskupat, LIN Pogradec, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.03209345\n  lng: 20.62754849\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509099688.jpg?k=1c6e6b33028e4b8e75413a79d358723f4c8b91d8f376c6603dc42d6817a00a2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099755.jpg?k=4a450fb75566cbd0799fe31cad789ccb9b0a9d82d079ff62040efa40869dbae4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099763.jpg?k=c38ed3ee46705e4a4661b5907d5bfd50b30b68189c14509c60179311f373a6ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099767.jpg?k=3b2f8316c145573db865451bfd166fc662f27538bd4f710202e5df939868d3b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099772.jpg?k=af6020e8338c0f105f7b872d1c624579fc7f22b4ecd942ceaa640e6f6ba41b63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099775.jpg?k=fa332f7560226e075edba95414b8fb169c093e26064d2f83ce7e20acfe828864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/509099780.jpg?k=e6031b475bb54b39a0b000fbdd669805f2343bf241e42d166a7fe63f804b5d1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Nature Museum 17 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blealb 500 m"\n  - "Camping Bar Restorant Rei 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 8 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 15 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 16 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 17 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 17 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 17 km"\n  - "Upper Gate 17 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 17 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 84 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 86 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/densit-pogradec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nThe charm of DENSIT HOTEL is further amplified by its well-appointed accommodations. Each air-conditioned room is a haven of comfort, offering guests free WiFi access and the convenience of a private bathroom. The attention to detail is evident, with every room boasting a desk, a flat-screen TV, and the added touches of quality bed linen and towels, ensuring a stay that combines comfort with functionality.

The hotel's staff stand ready to enhance the guest experience, offering personalized guidance and assistance at any hour of the day. This level of service underscores the hotel's dedication to ensuring a memorable stay for all who pass through its doors.

For those drawn to the allure of historical and natural sites, DENSIT HOTEL serves as an ideal base. The Bay of Bones and the Early Christian Basilica, both located 39 km away, offer intriguing excursions for the culturally curious. Moreover, the proximity to Ohrid Airport, just 30 km away, adds a layer of convenience for international travelers.

In essence, DENSIT HOTEL is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring the rich tapestry of Pogradec and its surroundings, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion.