---\ntitle: "Deoni apartment"\ndescription: "Deoni Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457161687.jpg?k=e5e719c5ab0d380c12b5ae3b72b9c192490d2557d8eba37cb05f2c1478f6586f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: deoni-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Besim Imami, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3248968\n  lng: 19.80886745\nprice: "US$60"\npriceFrom: 60\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457161687.jpg?k=e5e719c5ab0d380c12b5ae3b72b9c192490d2557d8eba37cb05f2c1478f6586f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462120835.jpg?k=0a4dbf96ce1c6f4a178138dd8144a3b87e44cf4c05bf1fb46428924427232751&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462120903.jpg?k=808bf4fca20321a0af729389b7530d9edf4c8b97da5e77fc7722712dea5774d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462121296.jpg?k=9d09274624a4c8638dac294dc800aaa64f6a452b3f5e07ea22369a61768e4bfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462121078.jpg?k=cf5d11d8d1c5ee016553b26114102670c32fe1dde1be36a9d68f2556d1f1a791&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462120597.jpg?k=675b72b7ed0ff8820d75426bbdd71c20c06ff704b125891447863d8a4e0a7137&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462120226.jpg?k=b1e45216c36de55681d8d0441fe564542f50df50aaa28b2181cff11cc4786f39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462120057.jpg?k=5aa5457bdb37a6040322851b9363f040a9d2b8159e99a3e98f2954f3f4dc3da2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462119943.jpg?k=f7f01c29f2190a17a446ee29b508c9e9e71a9f628a763fbb0e1b6c68775ea342&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "London City 30 m"\n  - "Oreksi Self Service 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Federico"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“A really nice room with good furniture and a balcony.”"\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Close to the city center. Cozy and clean apartments.”"\n  - name: "Loz_s"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This lovely flat is in a perfect location in Tirana, within walking distance to the main square, close to shops, cafes and ATMs. The apartment is spotless, quiet and super comfortable. The lady was super friendly and very helpful! I am pleased...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deoni-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. The apartment boasts a spacious layout, including two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers captivating city views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven adds a touch of home comfort, while the air-conditioned spaces ensure a pleasant stay regardless of the weather outside. The bathroom is equally impressive, featuring a walk-in shower for a refreshing start or end to the day.

Safety and convenience are paramount at Deoni Apartment, with full-day security and an elevator ensuring peace of mind for all guests. The commitment to guest comfort is further highlighted by the property's soundproof rooms, ensuring a tranquil retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. Additionally, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, catering to the health and well-being of all visitors.

For those who appreciate the little things, the on-site coffee shop and nearby minimarket provide the perfect spots to enjoy a leisurely coffee or pick up essentials without having to venture far. 

Situated close to popular attractions such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, arriving and departing could not be more convenient.

Deoni Apartment stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest experience, making it an excellent choice for those looking to explore Tirana in comfort and style.