---\ntitle: "Destil B&B"\ndescription: "Destil B&B emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170052308.jpg?k=ce355ee131a341c41b2976cc5cef30db3c281ee333c703056dbaac2b3ab16f8b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: destil-b-b\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali Nd. 8 (Pallati 29), 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32024231\n  lng: 19.81508804\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 243\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170052308.jpg?k=ce355ee131a341c41b2976cc5cef30db3c281ee333c703056dbaac2b3ab16f8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170014514.jpg?k=849d2220c632f6a2c3b105eeac644c9cd2f2ce106736796069e8199ec1f0cf39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170051422.jpg?k=e09e8db94e0634f5e2f2f16022ba6056e4b00d143ece491a1fd099e821914cf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170499999.jpg?k=07f77775a6052afce0d47856bc3d6065a5c1730e28aee5e01fd902adc8898f46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170051427.jpg?k=082156a36b2ce8b9665acd8c7bde8dc6d64a5298099ff7885795034a29135b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170444072.jpg?k=ec1c7566781fe4eced70e43b53ba3e2f4a846ce351bc103061131a68d10f1efc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170051640.jpg?k=6a28a6b997fccc1dd53e0ff7d6eb1b7213e709b7660ec7da955d71ce66edd602&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170051433.jpg?k=1b5652d308bceb3c3ae5edc05ac04d54d74aa379683e1fad199c40e4392cd056&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/170052321.jpg?k=0d0ab98dcba3e55db6f6367f0d6cfcbcb257a812da070e56e18640c38a6e5da1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Superpizza 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Era 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“rooms are very comfortable and nicely designed.
perfect location”"\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had such a great stay at Destil.
Great location - right in the heart of Blloku but set back enough from the road so little street noise evident.
These serviced apartments are in a great building - access was easy on-line.
Room was large with...”"\n  - name: "Amanda"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The rooms are small but nice! and the location is perfect, close to the nicest street in Tirana full of bars and restaurants”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/foresteria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Destil B&B are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning, satellite flat-screen TVs, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms equipped with walk-in showers and slippers, ensuring a comfortable stay. For those desiring a breath of fresh air, select rooms boast balconies that offer a glimpse of the garden or city's skyline. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every unit.

Mornings at Destil B&B start on a high note with an à la carte breakfast, where guests can savor a selection of fruits and juices, setting the tone for the day ahead. Families visiting with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, highlighting the bed and breakfast's commitment to guest safety and convenience.

Cultural enthusiasts and leisure travelers alike will find Destil B&B's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Rinia Park, and Reja - The Cloud, an undeniable advantage. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 16 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

Destil B&B stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to ensure guests' stays are not just comfortable, but truly memorable.