---\ntitle: "Destiny Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Destiny Hotel & SPA stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and luxury in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525793637.jpg?k=244d0668e2ed9e89a89a591743c5d3493bee1b51b253bb0a7bcf590046d5042e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: destiny-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Teodor Keko, 1052 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32783502\n  lng: 19.7856316\nprice: "US$96"\npriceFrom: 96\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525793637.jpg?k=244d0668e2ed9e89a89a591743c5d3493bee1b51b253bb0a7bcf590046d5042e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526160529.jpg?k=7bba8c29c863e0653f176664dfac0357a28d10bb2df59f972b8fa4b430f048fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526160536.jpg?k=37426a66109a7a1533000f41996ac99ac69e3035e70e213f614da07cec076e06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525793629.jpg?k=853e43b5074a7bbae31a927c3028218c6156e95deec09d7f9ca26f8112bfbdf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526501907.jpg?k=dc5e63e59811c2e3063f9877f8b5ba9cbff71c8f6c187448749f03ac71084f67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525793600.jpg?k=5b2f08bb3c6c18fa1b35580ae3c817324598f38a44b154e9f5928eaaf0efa3b8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Twin Room - Disability Access"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Bathtub"\n  - "Suite With Jacuzzi"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gravity 150 m"\n  - "Duaprap 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 500 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kisada"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good hotel serving quality food. Tasty food and service was really wonderful. If you want to have good food and other this is the best choice.
Great food, great coffee, great service.
Would definitely come back to this place!🥰
I recommended for all.🤩”"\n  - name: "Enis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Super hotel super clean super lux super food super staff 👌👌”"\n  - name: "Sherja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel was brand new. Everything was perfect spa , service was excellent. I highly recommend Destiny as your destination 😍😍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/destiny.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Wellness & Spa"\nbestCategories: "Wellness & Spa"\ncategory: "Wellness & Spa"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with a plethora of facilities designed to enhance their stay. From the convenience of complimentary private parking to the tranquility of a lush garden and a welcoming terrace, every aspect of Destiny Hotel & SPA is crafted with guest satisfaction in mind. The hotel boasts a well-equipped fitness center for those looking to maintain their workout routine, while the on-site spa center provides a perfect escape for relaxation and rejuvenation.

Dining at Destiny Hotel & SPA is an experience in itself, with a restaurant that serves a variety of culinary delights. Guests can also unwind at the hotel's bar, which offers a selection of refreshing beverages in a cozy atmosphere. For an added touch of luxury, the hotel features a sauna and a hot tub, ensuring a relaxing end to a busy day.

The accommodations at Destiny Hotel & SPA are thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a range of amenities including a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, and the private balcony offers a personal space to enjoy the surroundings. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with a bidet, add an extra layer of convenience, while ample wardrobe space ensures guests can settle in comfortably.

Guests can start their day with a choice of buffet, à la carte, or continental breakfast options, providing the energy needed for exploring Tirana or attending business meetings. The hotel's proximity to attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, along with easy access to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, makes it a strategically located base for discovering the city's highlights.

In summary, Destiny Hotel & SPA offers a harmonious blend of top-notch facilities, exceptional service, and a prime location, making it a distinguished choice for those visiting Tirana.