---\ntitle: "Destiny - Cozy Apartment At Myslym Shyri"\ndescription: "Destiny - Cozy Apartment At Myslym Shyri emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an intimate experience of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510235.jpg?k=da63765a7600010cd3868c43f47e0b6790af4498ecf4589a91c1c0741b19ebb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: destiny-cozy-apartment-at-myslym-shyri\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32190734\n  lng: 19.80535336\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510235.jpg?k=da63765a7600010cd3868c43f47e0b6790af4498ecf4589a91c1c0741b19ebb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468506486.jpg?k=4159c2a62ca39cb3054ca026e90f7a9fdae2eda40ee74398b67daf02b153f451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510250.jpg?k=28d387e26f9d58256fc2c12a41eec94a3bb15fa9a17996216a05b8ffdf81e39b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510271.jpg?k=53777a786898f0af721fa790c0454acc5262a1d042eace8e2579eb6d14868111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510247.jpg?k=20727f5cd80a072a8bcda23e67792d08f183a3f10ef8722e46b3d3a15b56ec35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510270.jpg?k=842e8f2a3157eb471dbc0a13bcba821495d42fe62da4e84adbb77a013cf23c66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468506657.jpg?k=5456bc89c1c2b8a583faf1c79c4ffa05fba1c9625d3a56f3c37965daf68f9bb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510276.jpg?k=cf6b880a6867bab043d1787da62a3371b17e7f1154ee67842cd2254ea7a60fbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466510241.jpg?k=6c52cd4a75651107deaa1a074db7947d27f1d9f3182e2a05be04fdc95fb13e4d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Vittoria 10 m"\n  - "1000 Buzeqeshje 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Linda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“AMAZING
Absolutely beautiful apartment. Located on the main street but feel like you are in your own peaceful world. The apartment was so comfortable and had absolutely everything you need - will definitely be going back.”"\n  - name: "Rrokomani"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great location, close to the center of Tirana. Lots of shops for both clothes and food. No need to move the car. The apartment is cozy, comfortable and the cleanliness is excellent.”"\n  - name: "Bime"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect location. No need to move by car!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/destiny-new-cozy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities and thoughtful touches designed to make guests feel at home. With complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and stovetop, visitors have everything they need at their fingertips. The air-conditioned unit boasts a practical layout featuring a walk-in shower and a dressing room, ensuring a comfortable stay. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the apartment's appeal for those seeking a blend of privacy and accessibility.

Situated just 1.7 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the city's lively atmosphere. Nearby attractions such as Rinia Park, the House of Leaves, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud installation, further enrich the stay, offering a glimpse into the city's dynamic cultural scene. For guests arriving by air, the convenience of being just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the apartment's allure.

Destiny - Cozy Apartment At Myslym Shyri represents a perfect choice for travelers eager to explore Tirana's unique charm, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of urban exploration.