---\ntitle: "Dhoma Plazhi Husi"\ndescription: "Dhoma Plazhi Husi stands as a serene retreat in the vibrant town of Himare, offering guests a unique blend of city and garden views from its peaceful location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474670955.jpg?k=96f7f869b481ff3ab7751e625f0479045771a38e1099144bf67f7bfa50a4e8e1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dhoma-plazhi-husi\naddress: "Borsh, 9714 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.06200343\n  lng: 19.85713809\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474670955.jpg?k=96f7f869b481ff3ab7751e625f0479045771a38e1099144bf67f7bfa50a4e8e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474675005.jpg?k=83de1ebe44f81d0b21f8be3ee74c9b41402d0ce14029cd810497653be4f50fca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214544.jpg?k=4676244d04a2e23cf5d079b2b6edf53e5450fbb2b979118a6e75fb650ae8b03e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474675009.jpg?k=285e87d06c789390e333921a9074a75060d6dadda79371f954482a9d2cab024d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474677287.jpg?k=fa049a5ad8220ba34610cfc32e0a1a121e072437831d485cbfe4f484bcb2f0aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474674998.jpg?k=5b35220a2d1c00c72779f1dccf9029ad18401c7f9cfe655e5bfe770e14404263&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (38 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Violeta 20 m"\n  - "RIVIERA 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 4.7 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 50 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elona"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything it was good. The place it was clean and comfortable. The room has everything you need. Next to the hotel you can find good restaurants .the owner has a market where you can buy everything you need . I would recommend to go and spend...”"\n  - name: "Petra"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“I když nastal malý problém s počtem dospělých...byli jsme 4 dospělí, žádné dítě, pan majitel to vyřešil přistýlkou, která byla dost velká i pro dospělého. Krásná lokalita, výhled na moře i hory. Prodloužili jsme si podyt na 3 noci.”"\n  - name: "Jacek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Piękny widok, w sąsiedztwie sklepy, restauracje i apteka”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dhoma-plazhi-husi-himara1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Dhoma Plazhi Husi are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. The convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the hassle-free experience, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the area with ease.

The charm of this homestay is further enhanced by its units, each boasting a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. Inside, guests will find a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a well-equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a private bathroom stocked with bath essentials and free toiletries. The provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the homestay's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay.

Located 127 km from Ioannina Airport, Dhoma Plazhi Husi offers a tranquil base for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and charm of Himare, making it a standout choice for those in search of a memorable stay.