---\ntitle: "Diamond DREAM"\ndescription: "Diamond DREAM emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, Vlorë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485037134.jpg?k=e9d55d2246837bda31f947ac94a0fbf1b10a421fd332401cb7ac2693b1e57b51&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: diamond-dream\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87100475\n  lng: 19.99716369\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485037134.jpg?k=e9d55d2246837bda31f947ac94a0fbf1b10a421fd332401cb7ac2693b1e57b51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495835598.jpg?k=9f80c222ace8b694c3c8a9e2bcb982d873b3d6c1b177a406daa4554d84785cd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485037119.jpg?k=35eeabeb65d52c5a2e3c132908b685db4cd53bf375363510a3ab16cd04566d3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485040384.jpg?k=7793e2da0c460eba071d82dd12a2d8db582d668e4e8fb7af73b7901362525b90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495835633.jpg?k=3f5172764aa802e1825fa68e62d60246447f7845a354efc123141f4d20ca5348&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495835662.jpg?k=0cbf37c715c699c8183226455591947e0de0865e005c03005b69ff1fee7f95e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485037070.jpg?k=66fc5761c6d27f74f120dc1f43d4684d33d695fc3eb0a47c8d14d0c8dc986ff6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485040786.jpg?k=f577effbeb1a43af9c1eba0ecae485d94bce3fee9b5390f279c4657476b37f92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485040811.jpg?k=abfdfa41ac9d5d3d429d088a9f1eb52f19e0083707ff230eb1223ebc5fd4dbad&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "King Food 30 m"\n  - "Hot Dog 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Radek"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“excellent location, amazing view on the sea and Corfu island, comfortable luxury apartment, reliable and responsive administrator, lovely swimming pool and perfect restaurant on the terrace......
next time we will stay here again, suggest this...”"\n  - name: "Lukasz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“wygodny apartament z pięknym widokiem”"\n  - name: "Sebastian"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetny apartament z widokiem na morze i basen. W pełni wyposażony, bardzo czysto, basen w budynku, restauracja. 5 min pieszo od portu w Sarandzie. Bardzo miły i pomocny właściciel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/diamond-golden-4-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Diamond DREAM are designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony that presents stunning mountain views, setting the stage for a serene retreat. The apartments are not only spacious but come equipped with a terrace and sea views that are sure to impress. The living area, complete with a satellite flat-screen TV, invites guests to relax after a day of exploration. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, oven, fridge, and essential kitchenware, adds a touch of home. Not to mention, the added luxuries of a coffee machine and kettle cater to the needs of caffeine enthusiasts. The provision of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space in all units underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort.

Families visiting Diamond DREAM will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a kids pool, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. 

Located merely 1.9 km from Saranda Bay Beach and 18 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park, the property positions guests perfectly to explore the natural beauty of the region. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is 98 km away, making Diamond DREAM an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Diamond DREAM offers a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and connectivity, making it a preferred choice for visitors to Sarandë. Whether it's the breathtaking sea views, the comprehensive in-room amenities, or the strategic location, this property ensures a memorable stay for all who visit.