---\ntitle: "Diamma Resort Conference & Spa"\ndescription: "Diamma Resort Conference & Spa stands as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and convenience in Durrës, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427837364.jpg?k=c7d9a41e6f5a52091bfcf776dde8b4f94465c7933ac08f10d11212ce7753a0ba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: diamma-resort-conference-spa\naddress: "Rruga Xixa, Kryemedhenje, Goglem, Durres Durres, Albania, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26606489\n  lng: 19.51917127\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427837364.jpg?k=c7d9a41e6f5a52091bfcf776dde8b4f94465c7933ac08f10d11212ce7753a0ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427831220.jpg?k=87ff85f02046934e7284c24ff8aae9680b379d38a867f6f67364b83957509c0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427834110.jpg?k=4d8fdbc559b20f2e9ec2e71a39c5426bd6264a99089f728a6cf3204b1e4eb4e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427837540.jpg?k=64ce3ffc0118e66190cb130aa5d8dd445a40c737632480043101b6793d7058d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427833605.jpg?k=bc50961167b95f9daf82292229401f853800f8fa344ee680368ec944a0ec9fef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427830373.jpg?k=5589fc24e729e3ddee6158659f93eff970417efd3c3af84c63dbdf8a53cda260&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fresh Fish 100 m"\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 30 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 50 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Novak\"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It was a short stay, but I'm sure I'll come back again to spend the warm summer days with my family.”"\n  - name: "Johansson"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Every time I come back, I leave more satisfied than the last time.”"\n  - name: "Novak\"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The rooms were spacious, impeccably clean, and beautifully designed.
Fresh seafood , very good service.
Sunsets here are something out of a postcard”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/diamma-resort-conference-amp-spa-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe resort doesn't just stop at providing a place to stay; it ensures guests are treated to top-notch services around the clock. With an on-site restaurant serving delectable cuisine, room service for those moments of relaxation, and a 24-hour front desk ensuring needs are met at any hour, Diamma Resort Conference & Spa goes above and beyond. Connectivity is a breeze with free WiFi accessible throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay in touch with the world or plan their next adventure in Durrës.

For entertainment and relaxation, the hotel doesn't disappoint. An indoor pool offers a tranquil escape, while the nightclub promises vibrant evenings filled with music and dance. The addition of a concierge service further elevates the guest experience, providing personalized recommendations and assistance to ensure a memorable stay.

Accommodations at Diamma Resort Conference & Spa are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind. Each room features a private bathroom, with select rooms boasting balconies that offer a glimpse into the serene surroundings. The proximity to Golem Beach, merely 60 meters away, and Mali I Robit Beach, located 2.6 km from the resort, positions guests perfectly for beachside relaxation and exploration. For those traveling to or from the area, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 38 km away, making Diamma Resort Conference & Spa an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a distinguished retreat in Durrës.