---\ntitle: "Digital Nomad Central ap"\ndescription: "Digital Nomad Central ap emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666298.jpg?k=3585b5549ebf24fdddc4324d421e0c4ece64cb1050e5433a0affb547266c81ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: digital-nomad-central-ap\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33162073\n  lng: 19.8142451\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666298.jpg?k=3585b5549ebf24fdddc4324d421e0c4ece64cb1050e5433a0affb547266c81ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666300.jpg?k=98e199d15270a82258ccf3466878c4ab08433a9d3cb2cea0b0c36f6c5c8cf68d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666295.jpg?k=fc3783e12023b54de2ee8afad33e398e630e65078bff546570092e0c8ba1fe64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666241.jpg?k=235e120bf6a1269ab4083985bf90a0dce31b25b9d6dca6ef1045d9b97d0223b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666251.jpg?k=cd6259683b68a0875f02cd8f72142d8163a51c083e712b978749f0352aceb06d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666293.jpg?k=d2965cec451a33bcbaa3010c87e1eec41ddeb04dbf90f81d8506b5748dd7c45a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666262.jpg?k=285127d81b97597e0ba223ac7595da4d761dc4d0e478c4d3138f99cb5c40e9d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666211.jpg?k=bf84eab57c0c5c82c31f6464991f61a1d646492f66ec51e5b4d565a594c62c13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413666237.jpg?k=e3db92c4269a7f860923e2523bd0322e189af786b7d1302953187d431aec1e35&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (46 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Bravo 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Comfort 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sead-aldin"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was perfectly Clean and new, the host was very lovely and accommodating.”"\n  - name: "Timberland"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was really comfortable, enjoyed our stay and most importantly, it was very close to most of the social amenities there. Travelling wasn’t a stress for us at all because we could walk to any point without thinking of transportation...”"\n  - name: "Colin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent apartment. Had everything I needed for my 12 days in Tirana. Perfect location for getting around and the guy who owns it is great. Replying immediately about any queries etc. Ver much recommend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/digital-nomad-central-ap.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Workspace-Friendly Stays"\nbestCategories: "Workspace-Friendly Stays"\ncategory: "Workspace-Friendly Stays"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchenette for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a sleek bathroom. Entertainment needs are well catered for with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a comfortable stay. Moreover, the commitment to a non-smoking environment underscores the accommodation's dedication to providing a clean and healthy atmosphere.

For those intrigued by history and culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves, offering a deep dive into Albania's storied past. Connectivity is also a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

While the apartment boasts free WiFi for guests to stay connected, it also offers the option of private parking at an additional charge, catering to the needs of those traveling by car. Digital Nomad Central ap is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and history of Tirana, making it a top pick for discerning travelers.