---\ntitle: "DIM'S Hotel"\ndescription: "DIM'S Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527220976.jpg?k=3a0133b8dc9cc5c16085507e42570d3269a6ce468b17d53acb51262ed43006a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dim-s-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Konferenca e Labinotit Nr. 38 , Lagjia 1, Korce, 7002 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62299075\n  lng: 20.78755653\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 115\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527220976.jpg?k=3a0133b8dc9cc5c16085507e42570d3269a6ce468b17d53acb51262ed43006a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360465081.jpg?k=fa1c95506bd90096dc250d6a2402b031af362f1cdf73135f18cc8e8293166358&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462599326.jpg?k=df31449cb5f9578d590965deed93d25de3bc237438d43bc6bcc6c7d06900609d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522058959.jpg?k=1ae451ba1e402fe83e9b265622ecbd79d12d772b3fc354767c193d0b2ce3dad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519677458.jpg?k=534cf6906066e66ecf0d0f7290a82751fa122f79ea00c4d9121476ac27b204f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506563590.jpg?k=6b0f48f707cf52ad4e82b833d3969a6dd9ebf640b76656d494a341d0129c9c45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396780502.jpg?k=8cc2ab362e0c246d54c62749fe092d512d1a056421ab45ad14053c2dde7d8690&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432885047.jpg?k=94c0ce8e21c9739ff3fe0e4bcac0f7610c24f0813bc9c6c46410f0458beab7ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527219739.jpg?k=cc8820eda5a231542fd2eed909dbf99e80694e62f3231f0c19f2576ca800614d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Executive Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Valbona 150 m"\n  - "Hotel Kristal 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paola"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“A small charming family hotel with tons of character. I discovered it by chance i will be going back in spring as a base to discover the surrounding area
Free wifi, hair conditioning, a great homemade breakfast, quiet, surrounded by gardens i got...”"\n  - name: "Bledi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Room was amazing . Evrything on top . Clean spacious room . And nice breakfast 😌”"\n  - name: "Johannes"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and elegantly decorated hotel. Great helpful staff and very good food in the restaurant. Great varied breakfast buffet”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dim-39-s.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering a range of facilities designed to cater to the needs of every guest. From the tranquility of its garden to the practicality of free private parking, DIM'S Hotel goes above and beyond to create a welcoming atmosphere. The addition of a terrace and an on-site restaurant elevates the guest experience, allowing for moments of relaxation and culinary delight without the need to venture far.

Accommodations at DIM'S Hotel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure maximum comfort. Each room is a haven of relaxation, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment. The commitment to guest safety and convenience is evident through the inclusion of a safety deposit box and a private bathroom equipped with a shower, hairdryer, and slippers. The provision of bed linen and towels further underscores the hotel's attention to detail.

For those looking to unwind, the hotel's hot tub offers a perfect escape, promising moments of relaxation and rejuvenation. The establishment's dedication to guest satisfaction is also reflected in its comprehensive services, including a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, a delightful kids' club, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the property.

Situated a short distance from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and within reach of Kastoria National Airport, DIM'S Hotel stands as an ideal base for exploring the region's attractions. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find this hotel a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it a standout choice for a memorable stay in Korçë.