---\ntitle: "Diora'S Hotel and Apartments"\ndescription: "Diora's Hotel and Apartments emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking unparalleled service in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460358363.jpg?k=6f5a43c8c6ae20b2f3a04df925fe96a22b683e0e4bf176326439b10a3b399865&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: diora-s-hotel-and-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, Uji i ftohte, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41557024\n  lng: 19.48482711\nprice: "US$90"\npriceFrom: 90\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 7.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 7.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460358363.jpg?k=6f5a43c8c6ae20b2f3a04df925fe96a22b683e0e4bf176326439b10a3b399865&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460358978.jpg?k=f5102159add2d9c20da884679f8d6f91a879f2ef564536b8d7939c285e17fbdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460358303.jpg?k=d622ebc28201b3f0d9586c04e156f7ee9c88f8de3a7bd088df350306b66927eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460359031.jpg?k=b44bba73bd73dea828518dcad291036d8465339e04ce1630d8efcc5abc4a36d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460358147.jpg?k=9399fc0f8d258ab94a0822c41e05d746a7349ec6e6771d055194534e2d0188dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460359064.jpg?k=8f6a1ba89eb631dddbf0865501b4526a8a5ba4467fc7ec20f5bf2294ac58a725&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Djepi 20 m"\n  - "Mandarine 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 250 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 350 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.5 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anghela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“👌👌 Friendly and incredibly kind staff. We have a very nice day at Diora’s hotel . The room was very clean and also big size room. Breakfast very delicious food choices very excellent.”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent service and hospitality from the staff and the owners. Nothing was too much trouble, the people were all incredibly friendly and went beyond the levels of hospitality you would expect. The apartment was modern and clean and the breakfast...”"\n  - name: "Sinanaj"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Our stay was wonderful. The room was comfortable clean with very attractive décor and a beautiful location. I'm sure we'll go with it again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/diora-s.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis 5-star hotel distinguishes itself with its comprehensive amenities, including complimentary WiFi, an on-site restaurant, and a bar, ensuring guests enjoy a blend of convenience and luxury. For those arriving by air or planning to explore the region at their leisure, Diora's offers both airport transfer services and car rental options, adding a layer of ease to travel arrangements.

Accommodations at Diora's are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a desk, and a private balcony that presents a serene mountain view. The attention to detail extends to the in-room amenities, with a flat-screen TV, bed linen, and towels provided for a homely experience. Select rooms elevate the stay further with a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher and a minibar, alongside a convenient fridge.

The hotel's staff, proficient in English, Italian, and Albanian, are available around the clock at the reception, ready to assist guests with any requests or inquiries, ensuring a stay without compromises.

For those keen to explore the local area, Diora's Hotel and Apartments is strategically located near attractions such as Liro Beach, the Beach at Government Villas, and the vibrant Coco Bongo Beach, offering guests a variety of leisure options. Additionally, the property is situated 156 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it accessible for international travelers.

Diora's Hotel and Apartments stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a perfect blend of luxurious accommodations and strategic location, promising an unforgettable stay in Vlorë.