---\ntitle: "DIORAs Apartment."\ndescription: "DIORAs Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city, just a kilometer away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536007.jpg?k=b1fc11b26e9c5eb3a9736646cf587d936b232e3af37aec77e70e26271108834c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dioras-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Haxhi Hysen Dalliu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33466539\n  lng: 19.81441386\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536007.jpg?k=b1fc11b26e9c5eb3a9736646cf587d936b232e3af37aec77e70e26271108834c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515358765.jpg?k=445dc6e10128ca1384473ee1eeddb96c94ff83ebb3e0b3e40d53c2049ee0e78f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536083.jpg?k=7651b9c5f7f5fe90026c2c1c1100f928b71b5432814e3ee61019cfeb2a43d070&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536031.jpg?k=baa9f8c4bcf243bf483a5b06c8f9b3fd6bf2da4322f2bda9f3d3e5e5f3a1348d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536075.jpg?k=116e7eb66d51aacd43923aa93f9b389b01e5fee780a91a2240dc5bd9203cbc15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515358766.jpg?k=67fc0f55eb414a0e664f5dcad09d187a7552fd838748c06915b5db6e1e41de8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536046.jpg?k=f6abb1c8d9fc25cc072aeb3b51a89951ecdaa2b4f48616611c7cb07ea2b8af90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536040.jpg?k=b4a905295de261f75e5b7da491cbae7ecb50e96e6984e8c77dceffd09740e08c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514536064.jpg?k=b73efbb116568e0a5bb4c296512f7cd6e1cd7b05254fe4f6ed3e58776cf18599&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Boleros 20 m"\n  - "Bar Voks 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“dobra lokalizacja , obiekt duzy i wygodny , bardzo pomocny i mily wlasciciel . w okolicy duzo sklepow i barow. trzy wygodne sypialnie . duzy i wygodny salon.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dioras-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting three well-appointed bedrooms complemented by a flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The fully equipped kitchen is a dream for those who love to cook, offering a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster. Comfort is further enhanced by air conditioning, a cozy dressing room, and the warmth of a fireplace, making it an ideal retreat in any season. Importantly, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, catering to the health and well-being of all guests.

For those who like to keep their routine, the apartment offers in-house fitness classes, a unique feature that sets it apart. Additionally, the convenience of bicycle and car rental services on-site encourages guests to explore the surrounding area at their own pace.

Located near significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, DIORAs Apartment is perfectly positioned for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. For further convenience, the property is situated just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure a smooth transition to and from the accommodation.

With its thoughtful amenities and strategic location, DIORAs Apartment is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and history of the city.