---\ntitle: "Discover Tirana from our 3-room apartment with free parking-Komuna e Parisit"\ndescription: "Discover Tirana from a Prime Location: 3-Room Apartment in Komuna e Parisit with Complimentary Parking"\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489505036.jpg?k=92cb03bb2210d0fb758919416cf415a782799a55705fb6550d0419f2076b02f2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: discover-tirana-from-our-3-room-apartment-with-free-parking-komuna-e-parisit\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla, 1020 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31637274\n  lng: 19.80631805\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489505036.jpg?k=92cb03bb2210d0fb758919416cf415a782799a55705fb6550d0419f2076b02f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489505403.jpg?k=43491978a29a2e6cccdfa6b22b0f6e0ebdc71c8640bc274d8516964751428cff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489513863.jpg?k=c50b55897ff62512d2e73ec995a96c0163548bc46332e47edc4a73f118f04cd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489511885.jpg?k=2dda93fc83d773e685b442abe770b3eb2aaff6d235d7d98de4585f6c98df3bba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489512357.jpg?k=44a9712a2492c444bd70f203e4fe3375ac545e7503ba16c9bfe3a536837129a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489505609.jpg?k=aa4a8ba85e80918aa670ced12f4b3354ebf77babcd8893fe5c49809d9431e4c1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (51 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Creperie 20 m"\n  - "Honey Bar 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 40 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nikhil"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Mr Erand was a good man.. he treated us in his best capacity even in the middle of his wife's delivery emergency.. and the room was more than enough for everyone of our team..”"\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great host, nice location, nice apartment in general, we would go again!”"\n  - name: "Florian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartament thjesht perfekt! I vendosur ne nje nga zonat me te mira te Tiranes prane çdo fasiliteti te mundeshem. Hosti ishte shume i sjellshem dhe i disponueshem per çdo kerkese qe patem. 10/10”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/discover-tirana-from-our-3-room-apartment-with-free-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nIn the heart of Tirana, a stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, lies a gem of convenience and comfort: the 3-room apartment in Komuna e Parisit. This recently renovated property not only offers the luxury of free private parking but also boasts an array of amenities designed to cater to the modern traveler's every need.

Upon entering the apartment, guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes two bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The provision of bed linen and towels, coupled with an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time of day. A dining area and a fully equipped kitchen offer the convenience of home-cooked meals, while the balcony presents an opportunity to soak in the city views.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the benefits of free WiFi throughout their stay. For those looking to explore the vibrant city of Tirana, the apartment facilitates this with airport transfer services and an available car rental service, making travel seamless and stress-free.

Families visiting the apartment will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of outdoor play equipment for children, ensuring that the little ones are entertained. For the adventurers keen to explore the local area, the opportunity to engage in cycling around the neighborhood adds an extra layer of excitement to the stay.

Strategically positioned, the apartment is within easy reach of Rinia Park, Reja - The Cloud, and Saint Paul Cathedral, making it an ideal base for guests eager to immerse themselves in the cultural and historical richness of Tirana. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, the convenience of travel to and from the accommodation is unparalleled.

Adding to the appeal is a minimarket on the premises, ensuring that essentials are always within reach.

For travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility in Tirana, the 3-room apartment in Komuna e Parisit emerges as a top choice, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital.