---\ntitle: "Diti Cozy Apartment"\ndescription: "Diti Cozy Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206828.jpg?k=836e18138e21b4cf5125ab60f577fb675980a719a5b9b16381cf902f36763b7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: diti-cozy-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Zonja Çurre, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32504716\n  lng: 19.83245441\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206828.jpg?k=836e18138e21b4cf5125ab60f577fb675980a719a5b9b16381cf902f36763b7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206806.jpg?k=eaac9896372366ad7fc723543b8216fa8dabbc17c262afac01ebed727fb755dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206772.jpg?k=dd8146fe54fc37a0ef24a030a6b7fc931823e4648f14688a64b9393b846e4812&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403589349.jpg?k=1cf2958ec7634e97db31b45c1bace6d90a0fab84661656679cf8e41c9b487ed1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403592491.jpg?k=e33f9a757ac6c68cda6ddc8934e9bba938a60c354e497403a7e7dd5d7f550482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206766.jpg?k=92d2ff57cd4606eaa7dc1f8916b2e89f804fd803ad33ebcfecc96f9a01daeb11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206849.jpg?k=274c20c742677a8ac4f3b3bffb882a1091af3813fb261b364d2de53dde2a0229&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361206753.jpg?k=3e12f6f184b29bb8aa5df530b3326e2b2b330b21d922079e1514a819d42271f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485967583.jpg?k=4ccd786fd389feeb0eba4d2bd578a9cae5d7598ea7fe2a9005cb3d436a1276fc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Britaniku 50 m"\n  - "Bar Milenium 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Narges"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment is very clean and in a good location. The decoration is very nice and well equipped. Nice owner. we really like it in the Diti cozy apartment.”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Access was easy and the host made everything easy and accessible. Everything was top notch”"\n  - name: "Franca"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Lovely place! Super clean, well equipped, comfy apartment. It is next to everything, still quiet. We had a perfect stay, thanks!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/diti-cozy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a space that boasts a tasteful layout, featuring one bedroom, a bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room for an extra touch of luxury, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The apartment doesn't just stop at providing visual comfort; it's also thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and a balcony that presents captivating city views, perfect for those moments of reflection or a morning cup of coffee.

The air-conditioned unit promises a comfortable stay regardless of the season, and with bed linen and towels provided, it ensures a hassle-free experience. The addition of a private entrance underscores the apartment's commitment to privacy and exclusivity.

For those who appreciate the convenience of on-site amenities, Diti Cozy Apartment does not disappoint. A coffee shop on the premises offers a cozy spot for guests to unwind, while a minimarket caters to any last-minute needs or cravings.

Located near Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the cultural richness of the city. And with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 17 km away, the apartment serves as an ideal base for both short visits and longer stays, promising an experience that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.