---\ntitle: "Divina Hostel"\ndescription: "Divina Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083718.jpg?k=c6c0f09e725a93b55ce07e1f6255e447fec2e9b7ea8c50fee347a2c165080d0d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: divina-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Teodor Keko villa 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33853427\n  lng: 19.78636003\nprice: "US$14"\npriceFrom: 14\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 72\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083718.jpg?k=c6c0f09e725a93b55ce07e1f6255e447fec2e9b7ea8c50fee347a2c165080d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083779.jpg?k=b9ae6982a4d13e7af263fb5c99b9cd94a7261af52d0c2e98b8acd42f1e2e46ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083825.jpg?k=a42fe32e0ce025ec0f20e4effdf11b6c3c2b766e76da54f20a169a5832e2e6ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083962.jpg?k=0896b301219a63018923d2f7b6388f38de24a0840529efce16060b9ff4c1a884&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083812.jpg?k=d7ee7575761f61b85425575c16682c621ef72eeed4ffdf15f3c74cac9d87fa38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457083860.jpg?k=5d00423fb5c7d48cd44ba5745241b7ace90f34803dda9af996a26e36f2ac5ab0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 10-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Female Dormitory Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Nacional 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 850 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sakthidasan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Hostel is located at top of a bar (kind of vintage themed) and restaurant. The host Sarah was very friendly and speaks good English. Tasted local food prepared in home style, liked it. Also bought homemade local liquor with cinnamon flavour...”"\n  - name: "Željka"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“My stay at this hostel was short, but super pleasant. The staff was absolutely wonderful, kind and welcoming, they replied to the messages quickly and the communication was smooth and effortless. The bed was comfortable, the sheets were clean and...”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good food, comfortable beds and clean rooms. staff friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/divina-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Divina Hostel are thoughtfully equipped with private bathrooms, ensuring privacy and comfort, complemented by the inclusion of a hairdryer and bed linen for a hassle-free stay. The availability of free WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana.

Culinary needs are well catered to with a variety of breakfast options served every morning. Whether one prefers a continental spread or leans towards vegetarian choices, there's something to start everyone's day on the right note. The on-site restaurant and bar, along with a convenient snack bar, provide ample opportunities for guests to unwind and relish delightful meals and drinks.

For those intrigued by history and culture, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located just 3.8 km away, offering a glimpse into Albania's past. Meanwhile, the House of Leaves stands 3 km from the hostel, inviting guests to explore its historical significance. For the more adventurous, the Rock of Kavaje, positioned 41 km away, presents an enticing day trip option.

Conclusively, Divina Hostel's strategic location near Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 12 km away, ensures a smooth transition to and from the city, making it an ideal base for both short stays and extended explorations in Tirana.