---\ntitle: "Divine 642"\ndescription: "Divine 642 emerges as a premier beachfront destination in Durrës, offering guests an unparalleled stay steps away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378054.jpg?k=a7f824f770124c02c8a79474933575b9cb86eb4bb85161672ebb0218d33184aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: divine-642\naddress: "8F5P+9H2, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30853686\n  lng: 19.48617155\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378054.jpg?k=a7f824f770124c02c8a79474933575b9cb86eb4bb85161672ebb0218d33184aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378122.jpg?k=f1c9721e8d0fa067682227b1df5d56a4bf46721650d10bbe69aa3e7c928d0381&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378169.jpg?k=048710e73ad713333586f302e32dfab2dff3c00bd2eb5db66726e6ccf000b96f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378176.jpg?k=1b1fbd546a363738425cbf43d88aeffc1b21d41434ce1488f6209a7bbdf0d325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378078.jpg?k=587868cba8cb06e97713762e7d91db175f22c0ddd0f236da254edb3b5f35a48b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378142.jpg?k=634086fe5fdb8403577931b2c31a7f0f70ecdb3f08c437c6f644e09b2a601b0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378216.jpg?k=2ebcd7f69835d6352dbd40e1a003e11313de6c7458943ece02c947629f680108&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378064.jpg?k=da721740f62a03b672a4d1f2dd2ecb81bcf1b795bf80f252427d1573af3625ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426378051.jpg?k=cda9c2a18992db1df11d28ada97c35bde54a4ec8d6371b0e9d81a062df4c775e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Divino 20 m"\n  - "Fast Food Torra 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iztok"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Sunset and sea view. Comfortable and well equipped apartment.”"\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The apartment unit itself was lovely, very tidy with a great view of the water. The price was unbeatable.”"\n  - name: "Silvio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione fantastica. Balcone al sesto piano di fronte al mare.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedrooms-apartment-642.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Divine 642 is its spacious apartment, boasting a terrace that offers breathtaking sea views. Guests can enjoy the comfort of two bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience and luxury of the stay. Furthermore, the property offers an inviting outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals with a view.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Divine 642 is conveniently located within reach of notable attractions. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is situated 42 km away, offering an adventure for those keen to experience stunning panoramic views, while the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 6.5 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for exploration and discovery. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 32 km away, coupled with the availability of airport transfers and car rental services, ensures seamless travel arrangements for guests.

Divine 642 not only promises a serene beachfront escape but also serves as a gateway to the rich cultural and natural wonders of Durrës, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.