---\ntitle: "Doanesia Premium Hotel & Spa"\ndescription: "Doanesia Premium Hotel & Spa stands out as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Tirana, located just 4."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474997567.jpg?k=ebdee600c4293b5793203f097f8d57335960ef55a4036c741a3c1414b9715133&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: doanesia-premium-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Kastrioti, Nr 5, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34493576\n  lng: 19.77534379\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1081\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474997567.jpg?k=ebdee600c4293b5793203f097f8d57335960ef55a4036c741a3c1414b9715133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474999424.jpg?k=b758395abde0db983ab0238aa32bf057f210943b0071224406f599098ca208f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474998987.jpg?k=242c785c157eca29083a25da939cd2981fbd643537c7016019e8c41c3ab93ab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444160312.jpg?k=b0177d557eefa7ec301cc25d9fa4b3588e334187f2f404f12bfe244770456d5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444152383.jpg?k=bba09dd1da89c13d1fda48dfdd2fe562e9974b9c918895be9ff79518dde0b202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475003106.jpg?k=aac72e2a8aad4b6a2f09a76c06839aed3b1c1e6faef2270e75b695f42069ff53&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Terminal 100 m"\n  - "Edisem 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 7 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chloé"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Absolutely spotless
Staff were beyond helpful, and attentive.
The moment our taxi pulled up there was someone ready to take our luggage from the vehicle inside. We were greeted immediately with fresh orange juice. There was live music on the bar...”"\n  - name: "Wai"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The front desk staff are very nice and helpful.
room is nice and clean”"\n  - name: "Ola"\n    country: "Nigeria"\n    text: "“The property is very neat and the staffs are friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/doanesia-premium-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the convenience of free private parking, setting the stage for a hassle-free experience. The hotel boasts a range of facilities designed to cater to the needs of every guest, from a state-of-the-art fitness centre for those looking to stay active, to a serene terrace perfect for unwinding. The on-site restaurant serves a variety of delectable dishes, promising a culinary journey that complements the overall experience.

The rooms at Doanesia Premium Hotel & Spa are a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk, a kettle, and a minibar. Safety is a priority, with each room featuring a secure deposit box. Entertainment and relaxation are just a click away with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, and the private bathrooms come with a bidet, ensuring privacy and convenience. The thoughtful addition of bed linen and towels underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

For those mixing business with pleasure, the hotel's business centre is fully equipped to meet all professional needs. Meanwhile, the bar offers a relaxed atmosphere for guests to enjoy a drink and socialize.

Explorers will appreciate the hotel's proximity to notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 8.7 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 5.1 km from the hotel. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 10 km away, making Doanesia Premium Hotel & Spa an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a blend of luxury, convenience, and exploration in the heart of Tirana.