---\ntitle: "Doka Center Apartments"\ndescription: "Doka Center Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862924.jpg?k=e81d33f033212c49e610b6f8711bc26296cc7934f44caad9fbc0b0acd2b72840&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: doka-center-apartments\naddress: "Road \" Skenderbeu & Thoma Spiro \" Sarande Number building 71, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87372953\n  lng: 20.00485575\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 93\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862924.jpg?k=e81d33f033212c49e610b6f8711bc26296cc7934f44caad9fbc0b0acd2b72840&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862929.jpg?k=700e3178a1ee88af0d532773c5f9165066687a13bddcfbdf565fce988bf9ac8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862898.jpg?k=5fb431b4115b7881d77882cc48b96dcb3fbb636c58cc3f790abec783a2d03e60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369796578.jpg?k=a0d8167e96370d51bb3d897fa5717d513cf9937a814a7228f1c2b584cc52c0c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112968566.jpg?k=1f3d8c93af23ca055ceb7321a28591269d90e8952cb4c096007e8343a89b5eb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862870.jpg?k=f7610d8715b6f1098e7562e545d7d83d6f1242f26367ad13b461d1a87d7fb6b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862873.jpg?k=ccf59fdacab739ac704cc22534b5ec995d9d981bf96717b6c87777ca7c9698bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862892.jpg?k=da6cee113177eea4d890169c0bbac1f866be79fbe3eee1748eb5e56178a9d630&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205862902.jpg?k=2f5e491f51b91f43b2bcd69e74d18294f0775aacafb2c32a93fecba6035f01bb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (53 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Markata Kapiten Agron Demani 30 m"\n  - "La Petite Mishel 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kjellrun"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Perfekt location 2 min walk from the promenade. Great balkony overloocking the sea. Clean appartment with good beds. The sofabed where also comfortable. (Small problems with shover and sink where fiksed wery quickly when the host got informed,so...”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It's a wonderful apartment in a fantastic location. The room has aircon, which was a blessing. Although being so close to the heart of the town, it was very quiet & I had no problem sleeping. The room was fully equipped with a kitchen/diner which...”"\n  - name: "Palmer"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“It is difficult to rate places as we all have different expectations and come from different countries and different socio economic background. These were big plusses for us. Location was amazing. So close to ferry wharf and easy to find. Check...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/doka-center-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Doka Center Apartments is designed to be a home away from home. Guests are treated to spacious balconies offering cityscapes, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. Private bathrooms come standard with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. For those in need, towels and linens are available upon request. Air conditioning and ample wardrobe space add to the comfort, making every stay as pleasant as possible.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the comfort of their apartment, VIP Beach awaits at a distance of 2.9 km, offering a serene escape. Meanwhile, the historical allure of Butrint National Park is just 17 km away, promising a day filled with discovery and adventure. With Ioannina Airport located 97 km from the premises, Doka Center Apartments stands as a gateway for international travelers to dive into the beauty of Sarandë.

Doka Center Apartments, with its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest satisfaction, positions itself as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience Sarandë in all its glory.