---\ntitle: "Dolce far niente Apartment"\ndescription: "Dolce far niente Apartment emerges as a recently renovated gem in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003877.jpg?k=9ea9fe4d681480ac14177c5981a6cea4c6f8b2656c4c440b5b3f9feff32f7386&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dolce-far-niente-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Petro Marko, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33420599\n  lng: 19.80798503\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 98\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003877.jpg?k=9ea9fe4d681480ac14177c5981a6cea4c6f8b2656c4c440b5b3f9feff32f7386&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003840.jpg?k=2ca71b7a020cd4beee16a85f9f377dfd46462b3405828b03aa302dd0c1ae82cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003873.jpg?k=d9514f10c87f29b8c03b053271c4e26c7e31d6c00c60aa27d210a4503a97e4ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003835.jpg?k=dd0e34be6a7a9328fd59f6daf0fa6571dc4f75ca14f2b0818243680b2e5ff809&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003696.jpg?k=8a5c6383417559b2bc0e6ad0e84ad9974f1256f3dba15a9a66795f432127a505&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368014921.jpg?k=879561c0edc5095b2c4d6af99586e81e530e676e5676334535327b12bab91bce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003856.jpg?k=e38b70ba98405bef4523c5a2bb1d06971ebdee460214594d7e13ee8941810f18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368003867.jpg?k=3c886c65cabec7e191e4ba017c787e5f9b0882aaa9851fd5fb40b8cc70a456dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423061141.jpg?k=27113f8bd291f0d1009cac80fc4bace158cf6865b861fd11862b15c29764e68d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Donjeta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Such a lovely apartment, nice and clean and all the amenities. Great location”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I loved the cleanliness of the flat and that it has everything we needed as we were there for 9 days.”"\n  - name: "Florenc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Ledia (the host) is always punctual and makes sure we don't miss a thing during our stay. The apartment is clean and tidy and makes you feel like you're at home. Our favorite place to call home in Tirana!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dolce-far-niente-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment distinguishes itself with modern amenities, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises and the option for private parking on site. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site restaurant, providing a convenient dining option after a day of exploration. For those wishing to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is a mere 5.4 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience.

Accommodation at Dolce far niente Apartment is thoughtfully designed for comfort and privacy. The air-conditioned unit features a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, catering to guests' every need. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home, while the strict non-smoking policy ensures a pleasant environment for all.

For daily essentials or a quick snack, the apartment's minimarket is a convenient stop. Cultural aficionados will find the proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park particularly appealing, making it easy to immerse in Albania's vibrant arts scene.

Situated just 12 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Dolce far niente Apartment offers both accessibility and a tranquil retreat in the bustling city of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both exploration and relaxation.