---\ntitle: "Domi Luxury beach view apartments in Saranda"\ndescription: "Domi Luxury Beach View Apartments in Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the pristine shores of Flamingo Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543619.jpg?k=44de81506de2ce4c1a2f3747c109e5e93d3fa686eb4e1168359395ac9a11bc9b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: domi-luxury-beach-view-apartments-in-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti km3, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85380077\n  lng: 20.02244999\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543619.jpg?k=44de81506de2ce4c1a2f3747c109e5e93d3fa686eb4e1168359395ac9a11bc9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543672.jpg?k=62e828ddeeb785815133ff5d45f4a2cc6338189696c1e66c65d788f0489f05a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387544204.jpg?k=e108b32c56e9dc598897c47e9a5c4de234e4076ac4f0a6c9e80adf1e13d216d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543212.jpg?k=a8586673e0d6da1799543b4f807f7cc97b74214244a3bc6779436f3d232d4637&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543931.jpg?k=72c8564746af698f5b1d6b31d7967328db482bd2314fd0c5c1a9936a5dbf3bfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387543302.jpg?k=93b6358c1381154ff5078ef855c915f141e915e6755064fc95ed3eaff1f798a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387828914.jpg?k=a47ed8bb983e8ea76f2ba6e6f5684fa72254da59f9fdae76a65247e7ead759af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387829113.jpg?k=b637dbdcfdee72d8aa20af49ef7fe134aea3f701b5b9a8303e145c91bf6bd822&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387829008.jpg?k=04a5580ecbb7aa670681cc8439882fd433e8d3b695e45848ae180d6f66ab0b7a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 10 m"\n  - "Zgara Tradicionale 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 500 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 450 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 600 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giuseppe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Were in September. Apartament is very bright and cozy with comfortable kitchen .Cleaning done once in two days.Good location if you have car.Thanks to the owner she is very nice person.We will back again))))”"\n  - name: "Klotilda"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A beautiful apartment in a very good location of Saranda. I had everything I need in the flat . Laureta is a great host”"\n  - name: "Sevil"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. We stayed for 6 nights and it went by so fast. The items in the house are all new and the cleaning was incredible. When you first enter, a fragrant house welcomes you. Our host was very caring and helpful. If you have a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-beach-view-apartments-in-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned apartment boasts a private balcony from which guests can soak in the breathtaking sea views. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with a focus on comfort and functionality, featuring a seating area, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware. Additionally, conveniences such as a coffee machine and kettle are provided, catering to all your morning beverage needs. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with showers and plush bathrobes, ensuring a pampered experience.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Domi Luxury Beach View Apartments offers a range of amenities designed to enhance your stay. Guests have access to free WiFi and private parking, making it easy to stay connected and explore the surrounding area. The property is also equipped with facilities to accommodate disabled guests, ensuring a welcoming experience for all. For added convenience, a minimarket on-site allows for easy access to essentials.

The communal terrace and shared lounge area offer perfect spots for relaxation and socializing, providing a pleasant backdrop to unwind after a day of beach exploration. The proximity to popular attractions such as Santa Quaranta Beach, VIP Beach, and Maestral Beach positions guests perfectly to experience the best of Saranda's coastal charm.

Situated 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Domi Luxury Beach View Apartments stands out as an accessible and inviting option for those traveling to Saranda, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and captivating views.