---\ntitle: "Domus Hotel & Apartments"\ndescription: "Domus Hotel & Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Shëngjin."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375852481.jpg?k=7931a3db12fd28f1faf21c56630d33f051a5d7015eb1c2b49c0670175d8d30aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: domus-hotel-apartments\naddress: "Kune, Shengjin, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.79578819\n  lng: 19.60417487\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 502\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375852481.jpg?k=7931a3db12fd28f1faf21c56630d33f051a5d7015eb1c2b49c0670175d8d30aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416347418.jpg?k=68fcac2491c2cafcaf5c3f2135afc51b0d43f33f6a634e8e729ac1f8b4d27f16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416349797.jpg?k=f266a5d64f3d9bc30d3f032535dc9ea9c44af6fe9d6ffac74dc421ed84804d7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416339238.jpg?k=1a0f2828dec8aa1b33747e743899eb02b7b6a710b4a98d7aaffb0d81d8ce5f3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523553055.jpg?k=abec717fcc14f8be98612b30d43d3d63745893d5073d99b0111138b9ca6657a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500727503.jpg?k=a2c058a22823084ba2cee07facd2110d679495ff446ff5db818dbc74c1e189cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461611311.jpg?k=e24fe834ae64fa1c55311cfd9dd1505491a50134b8b0abf90121f369cff1d096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461610416.jpg?k=6380cfceac4c002ea8405bcef0772c0725d59eb5a9a1d750c8f676d6df363644&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444336807.jpg?k=63e6e5cf961a0df2e6524294790f381cfc470996c3d81fe4907e4d1850a4bdb9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Luxury Triple Room"\n  - "Luxury Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Restorant Molla 250 m"\n  - "Soleil 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 200 m"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 550 m"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 42 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 68 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orstela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A perfect location for a cosy and quiet staying.
The staff was very hospitable and welcoming. I highly recommend it.”"\n  - name: "Aliko"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very clean, it had all the facilities needed for a comfortable stay”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“European style of room and bathroom. Very clean. Breakfast is served in the second building across the street. 5 minutes by foot to the beach. In middle October almost everything (shops, restaurants) was closed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/domus-amp-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned rooms that are thoughtfully equipped with modern conveniences such as a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and a safety deposit box. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private terrace, while the ensuite bathrooms with showers add a touch of privacy and comfort. The addition of a wardrobe in each room underscores the hotel's attention to guests' needs.

Culinary experiences at Domus Hotel & Apartments are diverse and cater to a wide array of tastes, featuring a restaurant that delights with Brazilian, Catalan, and British dishes. Special dietary requests, including vegetarian, dairy-free, and halal options, are accommodated, ensuring every guest enjoys a personalized dining experience.

Located a leisurely stroll from Shëngjin Beach and within a reasonable distance from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, the hotel positions guests perfectly to explore the local area. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 48 km away, making Domus Hotel & Apartments an ideal base for both local and international visitors.