---\ntitle: "Doni Apartments"\ndescription: "Doni Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376201201.jpg?k=57da140c34c41bdf9109c8a5d29807809358ef9a9859d2a9cb025785319562f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: doni-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Tahsini,, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76512402\n  lng: 19.9989294\nprice: "US$118"\npriceFrom: 118\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376201201.jpg?k=57da140c34c41bdf9109c8a5d29807809358ef9a9859d2a9cb025785319562f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378877.jpg?k=f3fc2f85554726e99f91b79a071bac4fb936ee3f88de6bd92b141d2dc6708d36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378920.jpg?k=02e62f984d169239dc685efd6483258a22583c11562f75baa86b8bde8743bdba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376212261.jpg?k=8e12f38baa4d499007b0d1fa304cc653bed1f1a0be556e044536c1a7c7a72a76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378703.jpg?k=0f57b4e31e7f2cdb7ca5cb6c0752281509e0bb385fc1bc7fc455bfca0b5879a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378756.jpg?k=b2bb6144317e31d88b29e331520c0f76169c2f22ebe267e8f367ab8dc6e2d6b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378761.jpg?k=ac1126d3e7127f2d6636b48d8ced8814a48c0ffd79dfeda7ddced5eab0110f85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378792.jpg?k=27e274c685a5db383002ff63114c14366009d528276997223571875de43a165e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378781.jpg?k=329e73982aa969a1c4a7abc2ba98d34be68d32e4b9985b807947189ba01ccbb2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miri Pizzeri 150 m"\n  - "Bar Pulbardha Beach Ksamil 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 250 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 400 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nemanja"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Friendly host, comfortable apparment.Great place to stay, very close to the beach.10/10 😁”"\n  - name: "Giovanni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“beautiful place the owner too kind the apartment clean and great close to the sea”"\n  - name: "Csani"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host were super nice, they helped us with anything we asked. We even trued their restaurant, food was great. Place was clean, big and comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/doni-apartments-ksamil-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Doni Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that come with their own private entrance, ensuring a blend of privacy and comfort. Each apartment boasts a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, setting the stage for serene mornings or tranquil evenings. Inside, guests are treated to a suite of amenities including a cable flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a well-equipped kitchen, making it a home away from home. The private bathrooms are fitted with walk-in showers and hair dryers, and the provision of bed linen and towels adds a touch of convenience to the stay.

For those who appreciate the start of their day with a delightful meal, Doni Apartments does not disappoint. The continental breakfast selection includes local specialties, fresh fruits, and juices, ensuring a flavorful beginning to the day. Additionally, an on-site bar caters to guests looking to unwind with a drink in hand.

The location of Doni Apartments is not just about beach proximity; it is also a gateway to exploring the area's attractions. Lori Beach is a mere 600 meters away, offering another spot for beach enthusiasts. For those intrigued by history and nature, Butrint National Park is just 2.9 km away, promising a day of adventure and discovery. Moreover, for international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 92 km away, making Doni Apartments a convenient base for both local and international visitors.

In essence, Doni Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering not just a place to stay, but a place to experience the best of Ksamil in comfort and style.