---\ntitle: "Dorchester Hotel"\ndescription: "Dorchester Hotel stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369877917.jpg?k=8905d08e48d63cf310dcd14359df3e8ac7f7d3be6ab89c50fb221ef726ca74e4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dorchester-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85634286\n  lng: 20.0208435\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 135\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369877917.jpg?k=8905d08e48d63cf310dcd14359df3e8ac7f7d3be6ab89c50fb221ef726ca74e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370230961.jpg?k=98b391304858d552a234805d445cdf8ae8443178fef89531a3bdd4431edc8982&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487359856.jpg?k=45b523a68e5b73237062133c7f828879b537f021508c30b91f1bae5c46b2fcb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724380.jpg?k=2ef7f9a0660f6a930ceb4a3a2b188669781ad74d37140dbc9577e92471c142d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724328.jpg?k=9b8dba380c5abc0f7bcbe84c1c543924a8340820e6f01a42a19398580ec73ff4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724361.jpg?k=11f159c93843a74bc8755ca619cb25a5af3f8cff1109e810d161ca96fa4f4158&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724304.jpg?k=85d99098f00448f3f0ca85291c54f030347c0b8a7ad1d1c48c0ece72538fb6d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724335.jpg?k=b52422ae12edce52a07d61ea4b5d88383a178d29bbc66fb23213c23563205f8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489724289.jpg?k=ff4050798e6bf80ef7907421d637918c9a6326900ef3f08c35e3df2ca8fe48a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baken Grill 30 m"\n  - "Fantastic 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 250 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 800 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good new hotel. With comfortable rooms well equipped and cleaned every day. Also i liked the breakfast.
Despite my room was at side of hotel i got very nice sea view. B”"\n  - name: "Mihnea1234"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“This accommodation was almost perfect. The beds were big and comfortable. The cleaning was impeccable and location was very good. Also free parking and decent prising.”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice hotel with a view and new amenities.
The staff was very helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dorchester.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Dorchester Hotel are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel prides itself on its commitment to service, offering a 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfer options, attentive room service, and the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. For those arriving by car, the benefit of free private parking removes any travel-related stress.

The accommodations at Dorchester Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room features a balcony that presents a stunning view of the city's vibrant life. For those seeking a glimpse of the Ionian Sea, select rooms offer breathtaking sea views that promise to enchant. All rooms are equipped with modern necessities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a desk, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that combines comfort with convenience.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, guests will find themselves in close proximity to several of Sarandë's most beloved beaches, including La Petite Beach, Flamingo Beach, and Santa Quaranta Beach. The hotel's location ensures that exploration and relaxation are easily within reach.

For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km from the hotel, making Dorchester Hotel an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a serene retreat in Sarandë.