---\ntitle: "Dori duplex in the heart of Blloku"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Dori Duplex, a prime accommodation choice located in the vibrant heart of Blloku."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841553.jpg?k=23b84151986013a81a36fca2ccc7bc9d8d72253c04b1b932b57accf742a8a0b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dori-duplex-in-the-heart-of-blloku\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri Pall 17, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31912294\n  lng: 19.8147288\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841553.jpg?k=23b84151986013a81a36fca2ccc7bc9d8d72253c04b1b932b57accf742a8a0b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841596.jpg?k=cdc36954463bace2e48820b7e15532ce2426796c6392034743a52bbd6270af9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841609.jpg?k=3cecf8fa8405e755bbf6e6dffa6e22c9554155bb4e9d5eb85a2ea1e8b932005e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841519.jpg?k=4a147ee9df792441c2e2e328a2fe030704130fecbcdf9f536bc089828b6f7d09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841574.jpg?k=7405a1f8135e6f02bf5bbbc2915e3e72415c95c4b90a71ac7540eb0f1b3c9bb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841632.jpg?k=a1f3ef969d0b19ea2da759507b630525c8487a8a1c8b1b60d2c2ac73514b4d35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841548.jpg?k=25999f5b78e821da1187dfd595668e6955feae453aceda5fa825c523d1d83893&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841542.jpg?k=9af653b48c0da3775ad168356135cc6ea1be0cbe070a70d39ea288bd2d0a9cdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410841560.jpg?k=5a604883190a5d57178bfbf98c2bb27e52fdba6f8bc373a086d1b89af5708445&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Wilson Lounge Bar 40 m"\n  - "Fit Food 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kosta"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“This is an amazing apartment with great location, super comfortable for family of 4.”"\n  - name: "Ivan"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovo e soprattutto pulito. Arber un proprietario molto attento alle esigenze dell'ospite. L'appartamento è dotato di tutti i comfort. 4 giorni trascorsi con la famiglia in maniera eccellente. Posizione tranquilla a pochi metri da una...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dori-duplex-in-the-heart-of-blloku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, featuring a generously sized bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and not one, but two modern bathrooms. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have all the comforts of home at their fingertips. Moreover, the entire property is a smoke-free zone, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi blankets the property, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. A mere stone's throw away, guests will find Skanderbeg Square, 1.3 km from the doorstep, alongside other notable attractions such as Rinia Park, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the House of Leaves, all within easy walking distance.

For those keen on exploring further, the apartment is conveniently located near the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, offering a glimpse into the city's unique blend of history and contemporary culture. When it's time to say goodbye, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, making departures as smooth as arrivals.

Dori Duplex stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of Tirana's vibrant culture right at their doorstep.