---\ntitle: "Dori's Wilson Studio"\ndescription: "Dori's Wilson Studio emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496204342.jpg?k=c05de579ba1bcf89a75405c54b0b3deda731d40b1c0837859387aa6c95c1baef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dori-s-wilson-studio\naddress: "Rruga Andon Zako Çajupi Apartment 2, Floor 1, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31845212\n  lng: 19.81318708\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496204342.jpg?k=c05de579ba1bcf89a75405c54b0b3deda731d40b1c0837859387aa6c95c1baef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496983032.jpg?k=c3dc5ded698c5810338019798ada99227e35829accf3998499bc757ae6dd097e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496204358.jpg?k=9d47ad8045d5ad4690fea48a5371cd166145668d589addab7ef006c4b9628e3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496983034.jpg?k=b6b6380ea23ce42435cde8d8f59f94b456f28e05536f4fd0c812ca8a27d7e9d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496204348.jpg?k=2b3a5c1759f7955e635644fb73d9968eca6cfa6fd93f49b9d587ed4c1bb4c32d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496983031.jpg?k=309c7ab3784ccc3ffc793104dae7305a6943ec0abd25b6f5d7f1efda433da2d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496983026.jpg?k=dee1ef74df4662eb9f9fac4b73cb311dbc47f04c8b7888c4842d380a2daff63e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499770546.jpg?k=f1b6b88ba279beb0330899468f2059846bda6134e0979265c23140289a456585&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499676659.jpg?k=9787a90447a067b1a8a8575e4ae1d1527814920fdf02c0396af82744c4797e8d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Klasik 30 m"\n  - "Bar Mezeri Moskat 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yagami20"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Il proprietario, è di una disponibilità e cortesia unica. Sempre presente per qualsiasi necessità o anche solo per una domanda. La stanza è minimal ma molto funzionale. L'ho trovata profumata e pulita.”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Mieszkanie nowocześnie umeblowane, wygodne łóżko, wszystko nowe i czyste. Przydałaby się deska i nóż do krojenia. Bardzo dobrze działające wifi. Świetna lokalizacja w dzielnicy Blokku, krótki spacerek do centrum i do parku z jeziorem. Wokół sporo...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/doris-wilson-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property is a mere 6.8 km away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering guests an easy gateway to one of the area's most breathtaking natural attractions. Despite its central location, Dori's Wilson Studio ensures a peaceful stay with full-day security, alongside the added convenience of private parking available for a nominal fee.

Guests are welcomed into a stylish, air-conditioned apartment that boasts a harmonious blend of functionality and design. The space includes a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a microwave and coffee machine, catering to all culinary needs. The bathroom is well-appointed with a shower and includes thoughtful amenities like a hair dryer, ensuring a seamless stay.

Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, and the provision of bed linen, towels, and an ironing service underscores the studio's commitment to guest comfort. For those eager to explore, Rinia Park, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud are conveniently located nearby, offering a glimpse into the city's vibrant atmosphere.

Dori's Wilson Studio stands out as a prime choice for travelers, located just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, combining the tranquility of a private residence with the accessibility of Tirana's must-see destinations.