---\ntitle: "Dot Tradition"\ndescription: "Dot Tradition emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467039657.jpg?k=5da5b6aed907874cea2bc842e4d93156caa5d058e97427d6217a9f6a0c65721d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dot-tradition\naddress: "Rruga Mevlan Halim Dervishaj Lagjia Pavaresia, Pallati i shoqerise Algan, kati 2, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45189967\n  lng: 19.48851018\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467039657.jpg?k=5da5b6aed907874cea2bc842e4d93156caa5d058e97427d6217a9f6a0c65721d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487861219.jpg?k=ae3fa13d51c4eee31a937270efcfa3aca007b4d78c9c6c18c66cbdf1937639c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467041432.jpg?k=d5d5aa2db44ff120c31babb65c4fba1109644ce015d459b1d0f72ea482d8a3ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448136137.jpg?k=ec4e23f944cc5e8cf503ac5e817f3c43ca146807347726cfb1a0bfdcdf8041d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467064329.jpg?k=b3cf824cc3538f168ebdfa993048a94ce2f7e530506afaccd398a1e056bbfa1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487894692.jpg?k=d7ab2626f9bc70f30dac5af1a7a8a688b0a30e9bc3dfb48a29cdab62755097a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487894576.jpg?k=7857f46e17ebbf1b4f52b1235a99e633377b1d0f00c40c32360a2fd5178136e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487861342.jpg?k=d88356a4377df41e27b566a44f3d918e15c1d1ef3e07b5dac6e226d8e2894d20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487861145.jpg?k=c9a290a890c69f5eb6b1ed99fabf251ac9fd7849f4ea31ef5ab39f5757f4c808&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Pizzeri and Crepes - Carraro 10 m"\n  - "Brooklyn 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 600 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tatjana"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Super nice location and modern interior. Fast wifi smart tv and big balcony.”"\n  - name: "Alessia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Hotel DOT is TOP!😊 The room is beautiful, the branded linens and towels were so soft, a small terrace to have a drink outside. The position is central, near bars and restaurants but at the same time quiet.
Parking just under the hotel.
Big shout...”"\n  - name: "Stephanie"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Amazing hotel. No words needed. Loved our stay here”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dot-tradition.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel is conveniently situated a brief drive from notable landmarks such as Ri Beach, Independence Square, and the historic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the city's rich cultural tapestry. Guests will be pleased to find that select accommodations boast balconies, offering captivating views of the cityscape.

Each room at Dot Tradition is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a wardrobe, a kettle, and a minibar, alongside a safety deposit box and a flat-screen TV for a touch of luxury and peace of mind. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with a bidet, ensure a private and refreshing start to each day.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service, with a team of English and Albanian-speaking staff available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk to assist with any inquiries or needs. This commitment to guest satisfaction underscores the welcoming atmosphere that defines Dot Tradition.

For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away, underscores the hotel's appeal to both domestic and international travelers. Dot Tradition stands as a testament to the blend of accessibility, comfort, and attentive service, promising a memorable stay in Vlorë.