---\ntitle: "Downtown Cozy Apartment, Tirana"\ndescription: "Downtown Cozy Apartment, Tirana, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487615454.jpg?k=b12a49916f18c0616da2eac8944422060e0d975e1aeb3fb7974ce78dda6900bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-cozy-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Besim Imami, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32504672\n  lng: 19.80828044\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487615454.jpg?k=b12a49916f18c0616da2eac8944422060e0d975e1aeb3fb7974ce78dda6900bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484937578.jpg?k=cb401313026da2dcd0c4de8a80f1c2ea6a2b3daae49b2dad97cd1dbdbd8778b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465680782.jpg?k=e63f5e67a36e85886c9d3200324b385509669e1e3d6afb4d78055c895d5e18ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465679927.jpg?k=709dd66970b41d5f5702d515bfd3b67f5f4b12e3be4b54dc9dee335a5f49af0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494001690.jpg?k=db4d48f7412645cd3259a9cf29f0d77dd03a6e0fdbbe014e59e67d8cdd86bd49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484937642.jpg?k=2bd5ca369c97be6eb776d9d96620969b21ce0a68a1a66616552af0e93cc8a627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465680478.jpg?k=145bfff1c0e336b49db114a66d035daea99bfbee936cb5d043010a468e54bf82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465680055.jpg?k=e15e2b3af52d26b05b566abebd8f3542a1b81eb96f437024ed0c9442dca3936d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494001469.jpg?k=eb6ff8b683dece8492f4d17c44a5a29d4d86980fd70847700f2c101550ade577&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "London City 50 m"\n  - "Rozafa Myslym Shyri 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Edi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good location. Apartment is spacious and clean. The hosts were very friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Debora"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Comfy apartment, great location, very friendly hosts. Enjoyed every minute there. Highly recommend. ❤️”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Great value for money as it was a spacious flat with two bedrooms. We were able to wash our clothes which was an advantage after travelling for a few days. The check-in was easy, although the apartment was a round the back from where Google Maps...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/downtown-cozy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis inviting apartment is a stone's throw away from several of Tirana's iconic landmarks, including the whimsical Reja - The Cloud, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the National Museum of History Albania, all within a 1.3 km radius. Moreover, the heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is just 1.3 km away, ensuring that the best of Tirana is at your doorstep.

Guests are welcomed into a spacious haven, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen comes complete with modern appliances such as an oven, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, catering to all culinary needs. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of fresh towels and bed linen, making for a truly homely stay.

The apartment prides itself on being a non-smoking facility, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. Complimentary WiFi blankets the property, keeping visitors connected during their stay.

For those keen to explore, Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque are notable attractions nearby, enriching the travel experience with cultural and historical insights. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making Downtown Cozy Apartment, Tirana, an ideal base for both short and extended visits to this dynamic city.