---\ntitle: "Downtown Grand Comfort"\ndescription: "Downtown Grand Comfort emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397560191.jpg?k=8f169a39182cbb29e65e30d780db1b5681f241a4c7f7f83b243c5ffda5ff5d90&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-grand-comfort\naddress: "Rruga Kajo Karafili Apartament 19 , 4-th Floor , First entrance, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32863319\n  lng: 19.81369847\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 74\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397560191.jpg?k=8f169a39182cbb29e65e30d780db1b5681f241a4c7f7f83b243c5ffda5ff5d90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501903829.jpg?k=cbb2185bb2c60db3252df16a555ca055f46b7bfb0196a035924bf4d1d7ec9d4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397560692.jpg?k=275c9cb453b6e492d9ec1bb7391a1b2aeff6c9749944fd0c6fdef218994f187d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501903019.jpg?k=9d6a65605b4cf08e66692f9b2100b2040df2acf767163af07882693afd0bd9b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501904242.jpg?k=398b5001f96a4a8fa1b1094718e95751a3704789fc80b105cafcb4d122be0d8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501904043.jpg?k=131dbd80cba6115faf29f28bf07b7ffa96a8597290a41a9c9f5880118cb080ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397560062.jpg?k=75221c336efb7f1f49578e6f29c00e02d7ae7caed6c7916a703001df45a604eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390691097.jpg?k=41dc6c286b7f6ef1e2e8eade25640ce0d8b35a848120e0a06c130977ea3d4a5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523802345.jpg?k=5701d23b60bd39439dd3183bcef9087f1bf9c625f3761ba901cab0ea675e083e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (67 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Gusto Bistro 20 m"\n  - "Royal Fish&Chicken 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Location is good - close to main square and main buses. Contact with host via WhatsApp was also very good.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean, has excellent facilities and is in the city centre.
Artur the host was so welcoming and was a real help in giving advice and recommendations about Tirana.
The cost was very cheap and I definitely recommend staying here.”"\n  - name: "Kravari"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We enjoyed a lot our short stay in the apartment. Cozy and a very helpfull host . we will choose again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-1-bedroom-amp-1-living-room-in-tirana-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a terrace that provides a peaceful street view, allowing guests to soak in the city's ambiance from a comfortable distance. With private parking on site and complimentary WiFi, Downtown Grand Comfort ensures that every aspect of your stay is catered to. The presence of an elevator, round-the-clock security, and currency exchange services on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience for guests.

Accommodation at Downtown Grand Comfort is designed with space and comfort in mind. The apartment features a bedroom, a bathroom, and is equipped with amenities such as bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony that offers captivating city views. The commitment to a non-smoking and soundproof living space underscores the property's dedication to providing a serene and comfortable environment for guests.

For those looking to explore the local area, the property is ideally situated near popular attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana. Additionally, the convenience of a minimarket within the apartment complex, along with available bike and car hire services, ensures that guests have everything they need right at their fingertips.

Whether you're an avid cyclist looking to explore the city on two wheels or simply seeking a comfortable base from which to discover Tirana's rich cultural heritage, Downtown Grand Comfort offers an unparalleled accommodation experience. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, this property is not only accessible but stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort, convenience, and a touch of tranquility in the bustling city of Tirana.