---\ntitle: "Downtown Studio Apartments"\ndescription: "Downtown Studio Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509622059.jpg?k=ea9fd7d497170a3d392396f2ecfea0f02944dacc1da7cd20ce8b9b9fd91befa9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-studio-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri up to the center of it 3 first floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3252365\n  lng: 19.8129707\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 84\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509622059.jpg?k=ea9fd7d497170a3d392396f2ecfea0f02944dacc1da7cd20ce8b9b9fd91befa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499816711.jpg?k=e1d2ebadc7accb7972284c9bd133af12db7ead1844f7e3a5f9313b4994265751&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490851078.jpg?k=7e0cae511eb6cd8f344e157cd3fe0fb8c1a3847e45f496497c1b386865f20f7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499816814.jpg?k=4d3c432d31d9ab664023bc5a608cf6e06166add59fec3eea24a7d5f6e60a48d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491782275.jpg?k=893a33d900a364a50c3dfd16f42b4e0bb9124cf595a51617858105f4f56cd430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490851279.jpg?k=b3d3645d41ae20fc0b8214de865e8ec897dcfa414c0fb0b89b64ddde66056350&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpi 30 m"\n  - "Mulliri The Coffee Company 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mirac"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“location is great. can go everywhere by walking. The owner of the business is very polite and caring. Taxi opportunity was also nice.”"\n  - name: "Az"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The ap.is small but cozy. The bathroom is spacious and has a rain shower, very relaxing after a long day out. The location is great, you could easily reach the centre in 5 minutes and there are many shops/coffee bars around. It's on the first...”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything, although small the apartment was clean comfortable and had all the necessary facilities. Attractions were easy to reach on foot. Good restaurants and cafes within walking distance. Communication with host perfect and clear instructions...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/downtown-studio-apartment-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Downtown Studio Apartments boasts a private entrance, ensuring a sense of exclusivity and privacy. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with modern living in mind, featuring air conditioning, a fully equipped kitchen, and a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The private bathroom comes with a shower, complimentary slippers, and a hair dryer, adding a touch of luxury to the everyday routine. For connectivity needs, free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, with select rooms offering the added bonus of a balcony for guests to enjoy the urban landscape.

Storage solutions are no afterthought, as each unit is equipped with a wardrobe and a kettle, catering to both long-term and short-term stays. The proximity to notable landmarks such as the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the artistic installation Reja - The Cloud, positions Downtown Studio Apartments as an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts and urban explorers alike. Moreover, the convenience of being just 15 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure experience.

Downtown Studio Apartments represents a fusion of contemporary living with the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural and historical offerings, making it a compelling choice for travelers in search of an immersive city experience.