---\ntitle: "Downtown Boulevard apartment with a cute balcony!"\ndescription: "Downtown Boulevard Apartment emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480468833.jpg?k=0e05db2f27caba5505c8bff17f7cc8ec7174cf85eb1e12a86184b3da86af6243&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-boulevard-apartment-with-a-cute-balcony\naddress: "Rruga Fatmir Haxhiu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32375302\n  lng: 19.82414777\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480468833.jpg?k=0e05db2f27caba5505c8bff17f7cc8ec7174cf85eb1e12a86184b3da86af6243&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480468843.jpg?k=b8017434bd3b3b81f319074ad358438c8ea0a88f825cee59ef90edaefecacb0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480468852.jpg?k=7250aff1314f789699612de980ae45a380ae8492e162236001df491d619a128f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480468860.jpg?k=59b79b43a603e24ef211d1c29acebbc4224a26fe1d410470dfc997ed5bbdb52b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437597456.jpg?k=3f12a3d5ca704e60e24cf07623a8bdbd84b8743bb1e77f876bc1b90dbdc1825d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437598336.jpg?k=43bcf5719becc3a03dab8a9b7fd84c2437085faad1061c908eadb69236bedb35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437598152.jpg?k=46c958493695584ccc45388fb814de0b28d4d3be819d08f321144fcd18da3841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437598104.jpg?k=37a56c9d941a7620685d8ab25390f6dfa7f1bc5d5d1a0aa798a4439ff6019e85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437595909.jpg?k=62b9911566d7a5d0302a265fefdf5f6cbcf35c46744e359ed42076457132e92c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (43 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Artist I Ri 40 m"\n  - "Artisti 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 150 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iraklis"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Bedroom is quiet because it’s in the back of the apartment. I like the balcony facing the front. Easy to check in and out. Would definitely go again.”"\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The location of the apartment is great, in the city center. The owner was very communicative and helpful. Everything was great.”"\n  - name: "Michiel"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect location in Tirana, quiet, clean apartment, nice owner.
Very comfortable stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-downtown-apartment-with-a-nice-balcony-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a space that boasts a delightful balcony, offering a quaint outdoor retreat. The apartment is well-appointed with modern conveniences, including complimentary WiFi and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The air-conditioned interior features a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a toaster and kettle, catering to all culinary needs. The bathroom is equipped with a bidet and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine, while towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided.

For those seeking autonomy in their travel plans, the apartment facilitates a seamless experience with services such as a shuttle and a car rental service. Additionally, a bicycle rental service is available, perfect for guests eager to explore the vibrant surroundings at their own pace.

The apartment's location is ideally suited for those keen to immerse themselves in the local culture and history, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Pyramid of Tirana all within easy reach. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 17 km away, making Downtown Boulevard Apartment a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.