---\ntitle: "Downtown Boulevard enchanting apartment!"\ndescription: "Downtown Boulevard Enchanting Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807651.jpg?k=53285a637aa56b35f33f11441aeddd2eb631aea55a40f5adc2e800865c14cea6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-boulevard-enchanting-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Fatmir Haxhiu, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32368856\n  lng: 19.82417728\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807651.jpg?k=53285a637aa56b35f33f11441aeddd2eb631aea55a40f5adc2e800865c14cea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501806554.jpg?k=cbaa1d82488d9b91ddcdef374a0df95190c5625f7a335e3b161722b43044e65a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807189.jpg?k=846ce72f47e54d0742ca979d0cc8ad1b00687c734a3b3c8fe23f75ba9f1c8036&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807404.jpg?k=7308bef647f831b4a7d53cdf2c1f35eed5f097ea5de7ca6d7d53021907ccd5e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807255.jpg?k=4a88f477ab626602c3c4c00198f05611e8c5e42f23f9ce3ecefc0e7bd57e2e90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501806807.jpg?k=049be639cee2096021fa4f67860d951853ae9d81b623a857a7e92f0a872a4ce6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807787.jpg?k=790a73efc5713bb9bae60e5d732588a606508725c8b65249cc3d8bc35425d2ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501807321.jpg?k=608a0c5d294c62da8098dbab3e6468c65567f23691adcb81766d3493a7334031&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501880320.jpg?k=da3f9059936796a8bde1e6bf2c2e1ce27032fa21b17ff2e35396891949544ce2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Artist I Ri 30 m"\n  - "Artisti 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 150 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antonela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Vendodhja eshte perfekte. Te gjitha gjerat e nevojshme ndodhen shume prane, qendra, kafet me te lezetcme. Po ashtu apartamenti ishte shume i paster.”"\n  - name: "Charalampos"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“The owner was very helpful, kind and ready to assist. The apartment was central, clean, quiet, with all needed facilities, bakery and mini market nearby.”"\n  - name: "Shanyiika"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Location, the guy Xhuliano who manages it is vrey kind an operative.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/downtown-bright-apartment-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is conveniently located within easy reach of notable attractions such as Reja - The Cloud, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it a perfect spot for guests eager to immerse themselves in the local culture and shopping scene. For those looking to explore further afield, the property provides a shuttle service, and a car rental service is readily available.

Accommodation at Downtown Boulevard is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The apartment features one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. A flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom with a shower ensure a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the homely feel of the apartment. The added convenience of a private entrance offers guests an extra layer of privacy.

For those interested in exploring Tirana's historical and cultural offerings, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Pyramid of Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 17 km away, Downtown Boulevard Enchanting Apartment stands out as an accessible and inviting option for both short-term and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.