---\ntitle: "\"DownTown Cozy Haven \" SPIRANCA"\ndescription: "DownTown Cozy Haven SPIRANCA emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467635252.jpg?k=07cc6824eed466097dfe6277c31749f8b4145ed856e14bff8ce14facfbb42739&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-cozy-haven-spiranca\naddress: "Rruge Devijimi, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32777408\n  lng: 19.81552123\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467635252.jpg?k=07cc6824eed466097dfe6277c31749f8b4145ed856e14bff8ce14facfbb42739&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467635001.jpg?k=659836dc5eecd5c432a22571bf7652457021048b5728d41551cd401ca67c4a83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375004841.jpg?k=0999013bcacd250ddffe1e2132b16771ea6781a86afc9b8f06b3e32bba6c993c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375004735.jpg?k=c512f570b6dc699574ff8d72fc5f6dcc0716f9812dcd39aba3bec9c194d89686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375187410.jpg?k=100005ada2ea693bcd6beca0271b6e12a94237c2d42decb6754c4bd270be110e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490160756.jpg?k=0ea5ea496e90248ffb61a26e9ce8e415986bfd476c1ad8eff2549334c3c3fcc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376113645.jpg?k=92cc2842dd9acbfaa14165c01671cca5d5c9c7016996de1e11b51fee6b33949e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376113985.jpg?k=12f5b22ef550c0e40b8c01b0448754252a839a89bdfc61d2b15b6f033ca5679c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467635111.jpg?k=39493f4d84007b643532a3107f482a3d82b71f3b5edde44db388d35fdd005339&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (8 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ideal 40 m"\n  - "Banka 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rıza"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“House is in centre. So It's so easy to reach where ever you want. Host is so kind and helpful. House has everything kitchen to washing machine.”"\n  - name: "Andreea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“My stay at Artur's apartment was truly delightful. I faced some initial challenges, finding the place due to a lack of mobile data. However, Artur was a true lifesaver, responding promptly to my messages and providing much-needed...”"\n  - name: "Katherine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location right next to Skanderbeg Square.
Very clean. Free use of washing machine ( powder provided).
Artur was a wonderful host. He gave us a superb restaurant recommendation. Tymi - just down the road. He also helped us get the right...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-apartments-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to serene garden and tranquil street views, setting the stage for a restful retreat amidst the urban hustle. The highlight of the stay is undoubtedly the cozy, air-conditioned apartment that boasts a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a microwave, and a comfortable seating area. The convenience of a washing machine and a modern bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower and a bidet adds to the home-away-from-home experience. To ensure a hassle-free stay, bed linen, towels, and laundry services are readily provided.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment adds an extra layer of convenience. DownTown Cozy Haven SPIRANCA is also perfectly positioned near popular attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the iconic Clock Tower of Tirana, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away. The apartment further accommodates travelers with an optional paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition to and from the accommodation.

In essence, DownTown Cozy Haven SPIRANCA offers a compelling mix of location, comfort, and amenities, making it a top recommendation for those looking to experience the vibrant city of Tirana.