---\ntitle: "Downtown Retreat \"Spiranca\""\ndescription: "Downtown Retreat \"Spiranca\" emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495886279.jpg?k=e4e3dc757ecbdfb62a85330b739eebfa6a81d6b55bb01e52e894b9371e8974cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: downtown-retreat-spiranca\naddress: "Rruga Cameria No 2, 1051 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32732908\n  lng: 19.81606308\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495886279.jpg?k=e4e3dc757ecbdfb62a85330b739eebfa6a81d6b55bb01e52e894b9371e8974cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477840786.jpg?k=06a5c260e3d2aa8d33cb408305185dfd2492811e337d320afe8b83ce724f3338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436532149.jpg?k=6a4fa94975ef08fdad090e033360a526fda81e1128212b7a61ef59d5f6ee887a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436532071.jpg?k=9d46d0d52b61251c00df1fdb4b0e1d4118d32aa2bf46e4b0e44c7dc7ff768b4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436532160.jpg?k=4c97eb884e54a8bb6e5d4fbc1a157cd202c80cc826e038efcffc308bb2ea6750&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495886910.jpg?k=de635183e1cee4b5751fdeb5d9959aa840d64338eea4cea8167a0ffa5e876112&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436532103.jpg?k=bd56d7975a6cca4f0b3ebf6225071eaa495f85c67b7e39b5f086860470ad230e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436532147.jpg?k=85b5a4ef098aa900a7d187cdfcc1e945f4d86752e063a32323f5e7d07ae2edaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495886512.jpg?k=b936d82a9549459a0f8e6f702f5e26be3b6d8b17569097510bd53051a4246d58&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (39 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Banka 30 m"\n  - "Ideal 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Geoffrey"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“This apartment has everything you need for a great stay in Tiranë. A spacious and very well appointed apartment, clean and very well equipped with everything you need.
If you want to be in the centre of the city you couldn’t get closer with...”"\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“First of all, the location is excellent, right in the city center. The apartment has everything you need. Big thanks to Artur, who is a great guy, very friendly and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Nicolae"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartment is very well located, very close to Skanderbeg Square (around 2-3 minutes walk).The apartment is very clean, the closet in the bedroom was filled with clean towels, bed sheets, blankets and pillows. The bathroom and kitchen are...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-square-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting a bedroom equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with modern appliances such as an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge. Comfort is further enhanced by air conditioning, a luxurious walk-in shower, and a dressing room, making it a perfect retreat after a day of city exploration. For added convenience, the apartment provides bed linen, towels, and laundry service.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to these needs without having to step out. Families will appreciate the children's playground, ensuring little ones have their share of fun.

Downtown Retreat "Spiranca" is not just about the amenities; its location is a gateway to discovering the city's rich history and culture. Attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are within easy reach, promising a memorable exploration. For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, with the accommodation offering airport transfers and even a bicycle rental service for those inclined to explore on two wheels.

In essence, Downtown Retreat "Spiranca" stands out as a sophisticated base for both leisure and adventure in the bustling heart of the city, making every stay a memorable one.