---\ntitle: "Dragoti Apartment 2"\ndescription: "Dragoti Apartment 2 emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366514660.jpg?k=a573bbb98bea89b57b15be88fa1c1267ec2c022b0dfcba879a6cfa3d5bf9b0d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: dragoti-apartment-2\naddress: "Rruga Dituria, 2501 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24896303\n  lng: 19.52878299\nprice: "US$49"\npriceFrom: 49\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366514660.jpg?k=a573bbb98bea89b57b15be88fa1c1267ec2c022b0dfcba879a6cfa3d5bf9b0d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366515010.jpg?k=cd798deec058f7f0d5e34a0448c92ef2af40c5451d0183f7aa39fec7f6052831&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376832547.jpg?k=5a89a45b292737b07bc120010beba87c3ddb3849257aaf8c454da59b2a38ec0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376832541.jpg?k=98f08ad2db494f167cfbed6694caf4cc7bd4fa8c2698ee965fb5ebbe76dc6e99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376832553.jpg?k=4bafeac679e5be51f1e479838f63036450ab8710f37bd3150157cd83869be282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376832557.jpg?k=91673507c4f214fd77f98ff0f32a5e1544955c3255f37237212f7544daf854ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376832526.jpg?k=0e24507f231b4157f55b50c7c1263fca92f4ecc11c60eee26f93b4a950dc5d12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366515004.jpg?k=902bdf306790f78785e103572a40e7204aca6537d6be2738ee0611f5e03ef261&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366514899.jpg?k=fa7afc58f66c77ab6750bdd63c6b821bd093b95c5124c73545d9a146a99055ae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Furrë Buke Drini 250 m"\n  - "Ulpiana 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 700 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 750 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sven"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very new and clean apartment in quiet neighbourhood. Very friendly and welcoming host.”"\n  - name: "Lico"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good location , nice people And the barbeque place was great”"\n  - name: "Nameless01"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“it's easy to find it but better to call owner to get info. The owner was wonderful person, even we checked in too late after 22:00 but still she was ready to help us , also next day we did late check-out, she did let us to stay till 18:00 ,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dragoti-apartments-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, Dragoti Apartment 2 boasts a tastefully decorated interior that includes a separate bedroom, a bathroom, and a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests feel right at home. The fully equipped kitchen with a dining area allows for home-cooked meals, while the inclusion of air conditioning, a dressing room, and a cozy fireplace elevates the comfort level. The property also features an inviting outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals under the sky.

For those looking to soak up the sun, the holiday home provides barbecue facilities, making it easy to enjoy alfresco dining and leisurely evenings. The addition of a children's playground and the convenience of a 24-hour front desk service underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the beach, Dragoti Apartment 2 offers a car rental service, facilitating visits to nearby attractions such as Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, located 2.6 km away, and the historic Skanderbeg Square, 46 km from the property. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 40 km away, guests will find their travel to and from the accommodation a breeze.

Dragoti Apartment 2 stands out not only for its prime location and recent upgrades but also for its thoughtful amenities, making it a compelling choice for those planning a memorable stay in Golem.