---\ntitle: "Drini Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the hidden gem of Durrës, the Drini Hotel, a serene retreat located just a short distance from the bustling city center and the pristine coastline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481124842.jpg?k=c542fa16195865ae410dbff0bc33bfa47c0383f9220b7cda90c87ac3efe82fb2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: drini-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Durres-Shijak,Komuna Rrashbull, 2021 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33493553\n  lng: 19.51043022\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 272\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481124842.jpg?k=c542fa16195865ae410dbff0bc33bfa47c0383f9220b7cda90c87ac3efe82fb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372232730.jpg?k=f86a5920ba844ff022170aa87c417a50d7e25bc941b02f383de88fb3326071f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217364290.jpg?k=3b6079c9463ce93a6db303b62c34e7e84c8da5a03bb053dd0d3d5c3fe2ca7ce9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217364274.jpg?k=e48b4e8c5bfeb829ff1d664dcb453de1efe6b64e83e738dc0a985fb054d60f73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481124626.jpg?k=76fdbae948bfe8971ca6847ac21d6a84766e50b3b57ea1c87a7b93b4c9d474de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/283426455.jpg?k=575c853f5e5dec853a8eaf309b60564963a4494ab7be54ae63ba4dbbdec017c0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room with Balcony"\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cifligu Resort 1.3 km"\n  - "Erdoğan Pizza 1.7 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Family run hotel with pride of ownership that is hard to replicate. Extremely helpful and kind, room was quiet and comfortable, food was great. Everything by was what will make us stay here again.”"\n  - name: "Ingus"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“This hotel surprised me. They are so caring for you as customers. Arranged time for dinner (really good food), so there is no need to wait, welcome drink included, free fruit salad and rakia after dinner, small present at checkout. Really want to...”"\n  - name: "Domenico"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Basic hotel but lovely, clean and quiet. Ideal if you just stop in Durres for one night. Personnel very kind and supportive. Much appreciated”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/drini-bar-restorant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed rooms featuring air conditioning, satellite TV, and private bathrooms equipped with showers. The convenience of complimentary WiFi and parking adds to the appeal, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

The Drini Hotel boasts a spacious terrace, an ideal spot for unwinding with a beverage in hand. The availability of room service and special diet menus upon request caters to the diverse needs and preferences of all guests. With a 24-hour front desk, assistance is always at hand, making every stay as comfortable as possible.

For those eager to explore, the nearest beach is a mere 3.5 km away, promising a day of sun-soaked relaxation. The city center, a hub of activity, is home to a shopping mall, a museum, and one of the Balkans' oldest amphitheatres, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history.

Conveniently located, the hotel is just 4 km from both the Central Railway Station and the Ferry Port, making it an accessible choice for travelers. The vibrant city of Tirana is 31 km away, with Tirana Airport only 21 km from the hotel, ensuring easy arrivals and departures.

In summary, the Drini Hotel stands out as a peaceful oasis, offering a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and culinary excellence, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Durrës.