---\ntitle: "Dritëza"\ndescription: "Dritëza emerges as a modern oasis of comfort and convenience, located just 43 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs in the vibrant city of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019409.jpg?k=638173ccd8f5bf7d28ddfca2440d91e00b18c688f11adda58957cacaffceb045&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: drit-za\naddress: "Rruga Koco Gamce 33, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61814016\n  lng: 20.77970549\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019409.jpg?k=638173ccd8f5bf7d28ddfca2440d91e00b18c688f11adda58957cacaffceb045&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019443.jpg?k=9c304fb18367b45826e40f90d058bec18dbfe446a9f1092cf5d7900a84640961&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019762.jpg?k=956bb529e584c129a0216de0e40c5b8a18582978a48e72fa5a0f4f4e1cc96721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504779998.jpg?k=809da46b62b86dba60a58bf618e92604de092a113f29bef3dc6c337886841bff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019325.jpg?k=253e67b6d5adc2d1b37374be9b4d0649bf5d4aee6a41343bec27058d36030aae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410019864.jpg?k=ee60ee164e97e4835b77a5a5377bce3e6ffac31784c33c786838f5dd73e856b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Queen Room"\n  - "Standard Queen Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Fast Food & Pizza 50 m"\n  - "Piccolino Fast Food & Pizza 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 200 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sead"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Great host. Clean rooms , perfect location. Highly recommend.”"\n  - name: "Manjola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly and polite staff. The breakfast was great and the room was very clean. Would highly recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Lina"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Traditional breakfast and helpful hostess😊Location in the center of town.The rooms are such in pictures”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/driteza.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Dritëza are thoughtfully designed to cater to the diverse needs of its guests. Each room extends into a private patio, complemented by a satellite flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which feature walk-in showers, plush bathrobes, and slippers, promising a stay that is as comfortable as it is luxurious. Select units elevate the experience further with terraces or balconies, offering enchanting views of the garden or the city's dynamic skyline.

The culinary offerings at Dritëza are a testament to its commitment to quality and local flavor. Guests can start their day with a continental breakfast that includes a variety of options, from local specialties to fresh pastries and juice, ensuring a delightful beginning to the day.

For those who enjoy outdoor dining, barbecue facilities are readily available, providing the perfect setting for an evening under the stars. The shared lounge area offers a cozy retreat for guests looking to unwind and socialize in a relaxed atmosphere.

Situated a mere 43 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Dritëza not only promises a stay marked by comfort and convenience but also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property.

Dritëza stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, comfort, and a touch of local charm in Korçë.