---\ntitle: "Duka’s Home"\ndescription: "Duka's Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126776.jpg?k=11968c09dfb8b4a59a19f438a0d44070703f42b899eb7a8203b7e89c9600ee6c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duka-s-home\naddress: "Rruga Grigor Gjirokastriti 7, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33197206\n  lng: 19.79528673\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126776.jpg?k=11968c09dfb8b4a59a19f438a0d44070703f42b899eb7a8203b7e89c9600ee6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492939423.jpg?k=4d4c521910e56656675c17fe52970ca493dbb99397a14488217338d423b38441&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126793.jpg?k=65e7128800aa8a3098974bb7ef1fc53e55dfed167fe13317e94e999d17395976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486557533.jpg?k=24618967bb45154327ba5140a40fa00fa44bfa26ee81e1291bb32407a20edabc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492939427.jpg?k=a6d6239915db72a4a444bf0eba5e13b3445691f64ef9ed99ad2b86922cc97a64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126795.jpg?k=adf9d0dfd1d94dc29bfd0e316bbd8ecad083d961a2c21e81c69bc8b749f92e27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492939417.jpg?k=2d3324e8052422195a204e853c7a4681b212bf1ed4a90489977dfebfda9938ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126708.jpg?k=ec00781c977220b8815bd034d6c4f315de9ed6bbc0241708cacf90d286c832ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488126802.jpg?k=61227b51750a6dabd329636bb3fa61da573b532cc04c7e7e02e7bbde1b5cdba1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Rejan 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Krepa Kleri 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.1 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Pleasant apartment in a nice neighborhood of Tirana. Friendly host.”"\n  - name: "Ezgi"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Best homeowner ever! She is very helpful, friendly and caring person. Her husband is also so kind. We came from Türkiye and stayed in 4 different houses during our 6-day Tirana & Montenegro holiday, this was the best accommodation. The house is so...”"\n  - name: "Melike"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Location was so easy to find, surrounded by bars and cafes (venetto cafe infront of the place has great quality coffee). We were able to walk to city center, didnt need bus. Owner of the place was so friendly and helpfull with perfect english!...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dukas-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nDesigned with families in mind, the property boasts a children's playground, ensuring that younger guests are entertained, while on-site parking adds an extra layer of convenience for those arriving by car.

The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a spacious living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, invites guests to prepare their meals, offering a taste of home away from home in a non-smoking environment.

For those who relish a good cup of coffee, the on-site coffee shop serves as a cozy spot to start the day or recharge in the afternoon.

Location is key, and Duka’s Home doesn’t disappoint. Situated just 3.1 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and 7 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the best of Tirana. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 12 km away, makes arrivals and departures a breeze.

Duka's Home stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, blending convenience, comfort, and accessibility for an unforgettable stay in Tirana.