---\ntitle: "Duka's Hotel"\ndescription: "Duka's Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801254.jpg?k=33efae65d61b557c5812f7807019a026f9108dcb87bfe6a09b88ee6a26cd4b9c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duka-s-hotel\naddress: "Rruga nacionale Sarande-Butrint Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76688106\n  lng: 20.0015836\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 358\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801254.jpg?k=33efae65d61b557c5812f7807019a026f9108dcb87bfe6a09b88ee6a26cd4b9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801758.jpg?k=5b322cd9ee98266a8af0ede6c2d6673ea8409737ff56c560ea5e3abb5fac211e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801401.jpg?k=e630413d7fe7c0fea9c309e490582ded17dd719a1dc6e01e17bdb620ad8a2afc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801490.jpg?k=7c4144f1169e88688248cb011e8e651e74e88b30f003798f7d04648a4eacc522&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801237.jpg?k=681d7313f1d1fd107002441765a41f5d3436c6f283d59fc87dc96cdb2585586a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801667.jpg?k=fdcd2a70805565255cc2bf9bfa10100e6691b5a1970468639ae342bc7b3e5f81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801242.jpg?k=dd272f62decb248929225d51504e97dd47a0e21956166aac033938f855f89090&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801244.jpg?k=aec007540d7ffee2af78bf9ce3fad328b578b649c9ea11e8654c07346b37bf0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475801245.jpg?k=79b8023855366d779dc258450b496061549e48a1247a6569ab923098b7cdcc1a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 40 m"\n  - "Taverna Zgara Tradicionale 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, good breakfast. Location is also good.”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly/helpful staff Great variety of breakfast Comfortable bed
Good location- close to bus stop, main beach and not too far to walk to Lori beach”"\n  - name: "Oana"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Hotel is close to the beach area. The room was very nice and clean. The hotel staff also very nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duka-39-s-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Duka's Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room features a balcony, offering a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy. Select rooms elevate the experience further by offering serene pool views, allowing for moments of tranquility right from the comfort of one's room. The inclusion of air conditioning and a flat-screen TV in every room ensures a comfortable and entertaining stay, while private bathrooms equipped with a bidet and hairdryer add an extra layer of convenience.

Morning at Duka's Hotel begins on a high note with a choice between a buffet or continental breakfast, catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. For those looking to unwind, the snack bar serves as a perfect spot to enjoy a refreshing drink in a relaxed atmosphere.

The hotel's prime location places guests within easy reach of several popular attractions, including Lori Beach, Paradise Beach, and Puerto Rico Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and vibrant culture of the area. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, facilitating easy access to and from the hotel.

Duka's Hotel stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Ksamil, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.