---\ntitle: "Duomo Resort"\ndescription: "Duomo Resort, located in the vibrant city of Shkodër and a mere 50 km from the Port of Bar, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501523030.jpg?k=b12499971dcb88eaaa96f2dc40b41460d58d2af280e9ac5506591f738417d889&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duomo-resort\naddress: "Rruga Shirokes, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.05739272\n  lng: 19.44978822\nprice: "US$116"\npriceFrom: 116\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501523030.jpg?k=b12499971dcb88eaaa96f2dc40b41460d58d2af280e9ac5506591f738417d889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501523398.jpg?k=ce717af69ceacac9320585c41f45c22588c1324262855938b14fc9321208e4b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501529493.jpg?k=b570b7ef3d4dd594c8dc8630826ad79de71a492a82565cf28a3581e57f3cf169&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501523557.jpg?k=801d85c78e9541439fe29351dfa64561d5319212b8410d23b2a49371c473f127&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501523183.jpg?k=c350dbc772b1fec75d39bd29be05717103f861c9db0d61e288bc312048452aef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501529335.jpg?k=02fe436c3be172eaa624e66755cba204e56f6e8d31690ddbe517acbf8f3609e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Lake View"\n  - "Suite with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blunote 350 m"\n  - "Lembus 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.8 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 36 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 70 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gjergji"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“10 absolute!
Stafi dhe sherbimi ishte fantastik, ushqimi shume i mire, dhomat e pastra, te rregullta, ambjent komod, mengjesi i perfshire nga vet lokali i bollshem, shume gjera te perfshira, si rralle vende te tjera. E rekomandoj per kedo.”"\n  - name: "Emanuela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Impeccabile,
La struttura è bellissima, la posizione pure,lo staff e di una gentilezza UNICA.
Il cibo è davvero di prima scelta, le porzioni super abbondanti, la colazione non so che dire, deliziosa a dir poco, mi è rimasto impresso le tante volte...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duomo-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nAt the heart of Duomo Resort's charm is its culinary prowess, featuring a bar and a restaurant that specializes in Italian cuisine, promising a gastronomic journey with every meal. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the round-the-clock front desk, airport transfer services, attentive room service, and the convenience of free WiFi across the property.

Accommodations at Duomo Resort are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a coffee machine for those morning or late-night cravings, and a bidet. The attention to detail extends to complimentary toiletries, a desk for any work or planning needs, and a wardrobe and kettle. Private bathrooms come standard with a shower and hairdryer, with select rooms offering captivating city views, adding an extra layer of delight to the stay.

Morning at Duomo Resort begins with a choice of breakfast options, ranging from à la carte to continental and Italian, ensuring a perfect start to the day. For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, the resort offers bike hire, making it easy to venture into the popular cycling routes nearby.

Situated 67 km from Podgorica Airport, Duomo Resort is not just a gateway to the enchanting city of Shkodër but a haven of comfort, culinary excellence, and impeccable service, making it a top choice for discerning travelers.