---\ntitle: "Duplex Lungomare Suites"\ndescription: "Duplex Lungomare Suites emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457669699.jpg?k=857493819a4b272c66db165eb168e2f38c758fcd68f7e28738ea24e6546cc5a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duplex-lungomare-suites\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi lungomare, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44308645\n  lng: 19.49551037\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457669699.jpg?k=857493819a4b272c66db165eb168e2f38c758fcd68f7e28738ea24e6546cc5a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458089529.jpg?k=9a3851a19d5568e673156e3ca626eadb35640a93053a4977e6002dc96746aedb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458094874.jpg?k=91983b634b4914a8ad201938d596edb4faded244e64acfd1281aa1bca43e2da6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518876528.jpg?k=c0101aace395da8bfb1778e12257c5817647dd992d8454e3aeecc2b6f34c81f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443017701.jpg?k=a83505544d71a1bf76bc253b23e33fd9cef0a2fabd4a9ace7537eb48c4ab9c92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469559057.jpg?k=3022edd998920611a430e8d181ecaa93b5b72c5f76f79c21bafd6130107a16a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Suite"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Alehandro Wine Shop & Roel Coffee 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Pizzeria al Capriccio 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 40 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 850 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 750 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Muneira"\n    country: "Malaysia"\n    text: "“I like everything about this place. They have everything I need. The host is also very communicative and easy to liaise with too. Location is convenient, there’s a supermarket nearby and 150m away from the beach”"\n  - name: "Alba"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“a wonderful apartment for a short stay in vlore. this place was ideal for 2 nights - comfortable bed and pillows, great shower and toilet facilities. the hosts were very helpful and kind, check in/out was smooth and they even helped us with...”"\n  - name: "Fioralba"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“-super clean room
-cozy modern design
-very friendly staff
- comfortable beds and sound-proof room
- free water at room for welcome
- free parking at the street near by easy to find
- beach in just 2 steps
- beach towels included during stay
- air...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duplex-lungomare-suites.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Duplex Lungomare Suites enjoy the luxury of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring a hassle-free experience from the moment of arrival. The suites cater to diverse needs and preferences, with select units boasting satellite flat-screen TVs, fully equipped kitchens complete with ovens, and private bathrooms featuring bidets and slippers. For those sensitive to noise, soundproof units are available, guaranteeing a peaceful retreat.

Beyond the comfort of their suites, guests have access to convenient services such as airport transfers and a bicycle rental service, making exploration of the surrounding area both easy and enjoyable. The location is ideal for those who love to immerse themselves in the local culture through walking tours, with car hire options also available for further adventures.

The proximity to popular beaches adds to the appeal, with Ri Beach less than 1 km away and Vjetër Beach within a 2.3 km distance. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km from the property, making Duplex Lungomare Suites a compelling choice for both domestic and international visitors looking for an exceptional stay in Vlorë.