---\ntitle: "Duplex"\ndescription: "Duplex emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location just steps away from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151521108.jpg?k=ad9936afb750718fef3772d9d4a1a816180a118d39cb82d79b91275def5e6994&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duplex\naddress: "Afer Hotel bleart, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.280657\n  lng: 19.513288\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151521108.jpg?k=ad9936afb750718fef3772d9d4a1a816180a118d39cb82d79b91275def5e6994&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193363180.jpg?k=6ae95f6fd1df229c9470f0ba129c584e22e3a99aac37e69e2bfc4a57c7ab74f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193364392.jpg?k=190010b26f1bfb950c17cbfcdb0e36139699abab196c77af75baa11e34d43e57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147306707.jpg?k=849b359eca71cc2592fa2a05866c07042fc7bad239fde33d586203673a8cd339&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152558253.jpg?k=58a82a74b09febf9fe5b3328d3f723699c75cfb1f2251edce5e96e2142ecb28b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193368208.jpg?k=e92a5e947e27884141671ac7a27b94fe7215858bf64a842c49a9e7608fe0f795&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147306589.jpg?k=3ace206083856c0d7f53310fe1c25e5c1a105f6175be33389d58de1aa6bf282d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193361387.jpg?k=5c2b3f197fe57185a64499845421e09676f187532d46794c8fcc3b465c59e9c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193368460.jpg?k=30bf87085fea7b34cdaadfab614d113732c91c0598b7737273fd94c4c917effb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193367831.jpg?k=f9c3cf2669cb0ee0a5be0cb9176df9982021b4f43323ad1c77ebd06fb5053e6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193367447.jpg?k=2956ff416f4dd32caf304d4325415fdaf3efb7aff5b57ae6714423392e1814e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193366853.jpg?k=6744036a9e38808ac5c0d38a35bf111b9c9a8e137a0f86ea3c4a0987f5f6e274&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirona 50 m"\n  - "Bar Gerti 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ludger"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean and practical. Generous in size. Shutters in living rooms allow to sleep there well. Balcony with some view on sea. Way to sea was short - and beach big and sandy. Hosts friendly and helpful. Both ordered taxis for...”"\n  - name: "Mevlana"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and had all the facilities needed. It’s located right by the beach and has a beautiful view. Surrounded by hotels, restaurants and cafes so you have plenty of options. The owners are lovely and are there if anything is...”"\n  - name: "Edward"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was beyond expectations however one must bear in mind it is an apartment not a 5 star luxury hotel therefore always open for improvements just as ones own apartment is.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duplex-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation itself is a spacious apartment, thoughtfully equipped with two bedrooms and a bathroom, ensuring ample space for guests. Comfort is paramount, with bed linen, towels, and air conditioning provided, alongside a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment needs. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area offer the freedom of home-cooked meals, while the terrace presents breathtaking mountain views, adding a touch of nature's majesty to the stay.

Adding to the convenience, Duplex features an elevator, an on-site restaurant with outdoor dining options, and a bar, catering to all dining preferences. For those seeking relaxation, a variety of wellness packages are available, promising rejuvenation without having to leave the premises. Families will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, ensuring entertainment for children, while the availability of a car rental service enhances the ease of exploring the surrounding area.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include Durres Beach, Golem Beach, and the iconic Rock of Kavaje, making Duplex an ideal base for exploring the local sights. For those arriving by air, the property is conveniently located 36 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure a smooth transition to and from the accommodation.

In summary, Duplex stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a perfect blend of location, amenities, and services, designed to make every stay memorable. Whether it's the allure of the beachfront setting, the comfort of the spacious apartment, or the convenience of on-site facilities, Duplex caters to a wide range of needs, promising a delightful experience for all who visit.