---\ntitle: "DUPLEX TIRANA CLOSE TO CITY CENTER"\ndescription: "DUPLEX TIRANA CLOSE TO CITY CENTER emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013099.jpg?k=da1ee72090d3b4d1fde091a4a8699397cc74e0fbab8ac2ae4181c1f9713f8d62&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: duplex-tirana-close-to-city-center\naddress: "Rruga 4 Dëshmorët, 1007 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33582306\n  lng: 19.82843038\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013099.jpg?k=da1ee72090d3b4d1fde091a4a8699397cc74e0fbab8ac2ae4181c1f9713f8d62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013191.jpg?k=97cbcef2ca4e753bbb9a0e4ecf4dd8bc405642089defcc1d4b7701b96c826292&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013150.jpg?k=8a6640fe3b4b557934e76857ee0b4af4e9a9ef03ef47f975351684a8b72eb44e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013176.jpg?k=7f059e1ad5aeb7e33bb7004c85e29f53d6d91b724bf57a0040e822ddefcc75a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013185.jpg?k=be6fa2e2853bf34b1da76df78cb6738f1cad58f51608ea5b3d1ec851e981cde6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013202.jpg?k=67ae4720b306c2c1d5426d4635b26facd55f3c3f6bc33f8a6e4abca5619953e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013207.jpg?k=ec29e05cac1514a907dea12d76494abe8f5bea9f64d177bf28e3642638837cf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013231.jpg?k=31dfdd3736e5921d5cc1196cb729a029fe1aa46da64b68a889b33a9cf3b321f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357013161.jpg?k=c77127d195e82fa71f7a4be7cbbbf8d614c21adcd4c79ebd4a1aefff7fd55457&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Select 150 m"\n  - "Harli Kafe 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daria"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“good location and clean apartment!
very friendly lady who settled us in apartment! thanks 😊”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duplex-tirana-close-to-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is a haven of space and light, boasting a generous layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a balcony offering serene garden views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, ensures guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The living space is further enhanced by modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi, ensuring both entertainment and connectivity are readily available.

The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the thoughtful provision of bed linen, towels, and a convenient laundry service, making for a hassle-free stay. The outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy their meals al fresco, soaking in the ambiance of the surrounding area.

Situated close to notable landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge and the National Museum of History Albania, as well as the Toptani Shopping Centre, DUPLEX TIRANA CLOSE TO CITY CENTER offers an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and indulge in some retail therapy. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, this apartment ensures ease of travel for both international and domestic visitors.

In summary, DUPLEX TIRANA CLOSE TO CITY CENTER is a standout accommodation choice for those who value proximity to cultural landmarks, the convenience of modern amenities, and the tranquility of a well-appointed living space.