---\ntitle: "Durres Apartment,close to beach"\ndescription: "Durres Apartment, a modern retreat steps away from Kallmi Beach and a short stroll from Currila Beach, presents a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the luxury of beachside living."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-g/d2bf46fbe4c12e06481303d85f49f125e18fbd39.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: durres-apartment-close-to-beach\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia 1, Zona Currila Rezidenca White Hill, Kulla 3, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32198042\n  lng: 19.43044178\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-g/d2bf46fbe4c12e06481303d85f49f125e18fbd39.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/xk/b02858506aba20c9844cce25c84ae81896d81c6a.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479697708.jpg?k=a1b40a020aef2eef58c40334f346ad969586caefd38b3f08d9f7b33b6322cd45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479697720.jpg?k=cf11c2eebf69aaa4402d3b46128ab4483a1d4f15d593c6b2f0d4fa09a025a614&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/479697726.jpg?k=1f82965cab85b4833e53057b2f8cd68723f7b0cde74062a493f96874142997a9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Sardi 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Drini 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 600 m"\n  - "West End Beach 750 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.7 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gezim"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“I enjoyed this cosy apartment and wonderful location. Excellent host!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/durres-white-pearl-residence-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBoasting a generous layout, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers captivating sea views. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven, and a bathroom complete with a bidet, underscores the property's commitment to providing a comfortable and convenient stay.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, the apartment facilitates a car rental service, adding an extra layer of convenience to your stay. Major attractions, including Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, lie within accessible distances, 41 km and 45 km away respectively, making it easy for guests to plan day trips and adventures. Furthermore, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 35 km away, is complemented by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property.

Durres Apartment stands out as a stellar choice for travelers who value the blend of modern comfort and accessibility, promising a memorable stay by the Albanian coast.