---\ntitle: "Durres Tabaku Apartament"\ndescription: "Durres Tabaku Apartament emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476575.jpg?k=f3c336787ab9c54c37c180655ef819565f5a5fdd9edfa3b1fdb2af08afce3596&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: durres-tabaku-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Iliria, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30084722\n  lng: 19.49717398\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476575.jpg?k=f3c336787ab9c54c37c180655ef819565f5a5fdd9edfa3b1fdb2af08afce3596&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476771.jpg?k=43e96b4a51d868439819a9e6ac2871bf087c126a95fc34005ff29dddbdeb10f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476681.jpg?k=2399bc2ff8f37095ecafd68ed5d56779b419b333ed514b5fb2859ff85da62800&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476787.jpg?k=8af4fc8f68287a67614fbc4d316f17035ea23ec2c4a4f458dfd7dff55072a006&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476747.jpg?k=2d8c2e310e351e5e2945c5b8c5dad36dd438695cff59a52d30870d06c8fa4f16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476827.jpg?k=41bdd3dc220ef18b456ba61c4cbf4e57e3edad3535f688efdd3693b83cf5586f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476546.jpg?k=fb526c81edc0c4efddc56b55d8bdab6cddf37560cbd4280feb5fdf992ecc60a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464476616.jpg?k=77320ccdf47f41c8390ae0ee983a668769f4c998421eb563796dc0a61f967a94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467703216.jpg?k=31c5f1e8a1aaf5fd013007c6c3e288d3eb574c94677b0028c287c270ceda7170&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Verona 150 m"\n  - "Pista e Vogel Iliria 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Le_piaf"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment is clean, spacious with all the facilities you need to feel comfortable during the stay. The owner, Xhulio is a good guy. On the fourth day he asked us if we needed more towels and linens, and everything we asked him for he would...”"\n  - name: "Hasanaj"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The landowners were very kind to us. They put us in before the arrival we had to get into the house... The house had very modern furniture and very comfortable...”"\n  - name: "Mariia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Extremely nice owners, they will help in everything. Close to the beach, the sea is calm, there is entertainment for the child”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/durres-tabaku-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nSecurity is paramount at Durres Tabaku Apartament, with round-the-clock surveillance complemented by an outdoor fireplace, adding a layer of safety and ambiance. Connectivity is seamless throughout the premises, thanks to complimentary WiFi, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. The smoke-free environment is an added boon, ensuring a clean and healthy stay.

Accommodation here is designed with meticulous attention to detail. The apartment boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, alongside thoughtful touches like towels and bed linen, enhances the home-away-from-home experience. The terrace and pool views offer a refreshing backdrop, while the seating area and fireplace invite relaxation and social gatherings.

Convenience is further amplified by the on-site coffee shop and minimarket, catering to guests' immediate needs without having to venture far. Families will appreciate the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the little ones, while the availability of a car rental service opens up opportunities to explore the surrounding area with ease.

Located merely 2.7 km from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and within a manageable distance of 39 km from Skanderbeg Square, Durres Tabaku Apartament positions itself as a strategic base for exploring the local sights. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 33 km away, adds to the convenience, making it an ideal choice for both international visitors and those exploring Albania's coastal charm.

In summary, Durres Tabaku Apartament is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable experience, blending modern amenities with the natural beauty and cultural richness of Durres.