---\ntitle: "Durres Rebi Apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at Durres Rebi Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324044.jpg?k=3b74d9e825e8942ca294e638e78158f9b3e244ea11d17e5708d2da3db462de06&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: durres-rebi-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Agostin Serreqi, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31742613\n  lng: 19.44520814\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 48\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324044.jpg?k=3b74d9e825e8942ca294e638e78158f9b3e244ea11d17e5708d2da3db462de06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324903.jpg?k=f8014166326915d82337fe3707430bb29e22c6b4c12ed84eb1f079080689fb62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324112.jpg?k=08f2d7a44c891e9255f5496fe152dda7e50f49e20a27985c9f8c0a36c74ea4c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324441.jpg?k=1ca5a82c77d612ba009db5225359732bfbbb24697e07673380e600c63d4ef4c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324507.jpg?k=ac7c2d9109ac2f6cd821eec42d62693994ac6ebdfa8e83740a5c9b3e0971569f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324852.jpg?k=c5b0c291346c20c89cfbf68e0adf54e28fa90a3a434d26f9e6b5896f8877abca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407324135.jpg?k=80514d17d8d008190fb1102dd47e5f4e64548adbd107d056b7241c5bd36fbe84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407323527.jpg?k=bb305f827128d4c54ef79911d44dbe887a315e783ee48ff6e558bb07bed174f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407322788.jpg?k=f703341095d11dc06cc194949a731115fc0828ff6362965e842123de45da07c6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzemporio 100 m"\n  - "Vergnano 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 850 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 200 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 400 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 600 m"\n  - "1. Maj 650 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Migena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was very clean and cozy ,great place to stay at.”"\n  - name: "Picari"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“everything was perfect, the living room space, the kitchen and all the facilities to cook, the cute fancy dining table gives you the vibe like you’re in a restorant with the vinegar, olive oil salt and pepper, everything was clean, the bathroom...”"\n  - name: "Amir"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Accommodation was clean and nice and comfortable bed , nice landlord”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/durres-rebi-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDurres Rebi Apartment offers guests a seamless blend of modern amenities in a cozy, air-conditioned setting. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a sleek flat-screen TV for your entertainment needs, and a dining area for intimate meals. The kitchen is fully equipped, featuring a dishwasher, making self-catering a breeze. Additionally, the living room provides a spacious area to unwind after a day of exploration. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, the accommodation ensures a pleasant stay for all guests.

For those intrigued by history, the Durres Amphitheatre is less than a kilometer away, promising an intriguing glimpse into the past. The House of Leaves, another notable landmark, is also within a manageable distance, offering insights into the region's history. With Currila Beach just 1.1 km away, guests have the luxury of enjoying some of the area's most beautiful shores with ease.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Durrës. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 33 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Durres Rebi Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and a dash of cultural immersion for an unforgettable stay in Durrës.