---\ntitle: "Durres Beachfront Luxury Residences 13"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of coastal luxury at Durres Beachfront Luxury Residences 13, a gem located just moments away from the pristine Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462145913.jpg?k=d996928037d7df1e7a35bfe395f4e8467c114f29e3e5c1c02a48fc079325bf27&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: durres-beachfront-luxury-residences-13\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, No: 10, Apt. 13S, Shkembi i Kavajes, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26807853\n  lng: 19.51843611\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462145913.jpg?k=d996928037d7df1e7a35bfe395f4e8467c114f29e3e5c1c02a48fc079325bf27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487209546.jpg?k=658d7b3d92a0f02c21e14eb28f8b0648fbe7731be59d4b25dfe1d5ad6419eec4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462147952.jpg?k=d823a355ee725617c288626b9d3b690fa4d7192ac55402740e1346b44527ec34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457308889.jpg?k=f6f67707dffe5ac2c5bed3975ed334f2c47b0f6247424baa94ffc87e9129e7e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457308944.jpg?k=b52905417685554d34b425cdb25d35da1e1866788ceeb02ca0e3d675dbc8fbdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457308286.jpg?k=2336f5f51d30f551c08be101db4b08ea50c73985730d6c48ee1dc62103b1098b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457308165.jpg?k=9830a54546aad600537204146972825104ec466b68f8728fb4f3705ed560c6e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457308202.jpg?k=f377a2a2fa963ce3cc0afdfaaa0461376ce911e483eb64cf85ddafb538299fd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457309016.jpg?k=98935dafb4873fa63405fadabe8ba19efde129cda6b334c9c3b14f696ff1fa31&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 100 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fidaije"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The host Jeff and the local onsite manager Ibrahim were by far the best hosts you can ask for. They went above and beyond to help us. So many affordable options for dining within steps of the hotel/apt”"\n  - name: "Samir"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Wow! What a great view from the apartment. The apartment has everything you needed and it’s in very good location. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Waldemar"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Schöner Lage. Großer Balkon. Wunderschöne Aussicht auf das Meer aus den Fenstern und vom Balkon. Großer Apartmentbereich.
Saubere Bettwäsche und Handtücher.
Uns hat alles gefallen, entspricht voll und ganz der Beschreibung, gemütliche Wohnung,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-beach-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Durres Beachfront Luxury Residences 13 is designed to maximize the stunning sea views, with balconies that invite guests to relax and soak in the scenery. The interiors are thoughtfully appointed with a seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a microwave, toaster, fridge, and stovetop, along with a kettle for those morning or evening refreshments. The convenience extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit adds an extra layer of comfort.

For those looking to unwind without straying far, the apartment complex does not disappoint. It boasts an on-site restaurant, coffee shop, and bar, catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. The highlight, however, is the pool with a view, offering a tranquil setting for guests to relax and enjoy the panoramic vistas.

Situated a mere 500 meters from Golem Beach and 2.4 km from Durres Beach, the location of Durres Beachfront Luxury Residences 13 is ideal for beach enthusiasts looking to explore the local coastline. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 37 km away, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers.

Durres Beachfront Luxury Residences 13 is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a memorable experience, combining the comforts of home with the luxury of a high-end resort.