---\ntitle: "E&D apartment"\ndescription: "E&D Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, boasting an enviable location close to the pristine Qerret Beach and a mere stone's throw from the tranquil Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686550.jpg?k=2257d4f3cf14fc1651edb96bdcebcc3ae84a6ba63dbc520513934e373781994d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: e-d-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, 1002 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21759014\n  lng: 19.50473344\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686550.jpg?k=2257d4f3cf14fc1651edb96bdcebcc3ae84a6ba63dbc520513934e373781994d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686619.jpg?k=54e9ff65d67c83a722b1cda5d02b17ca2daf614a39ce424bcc83aea39a5c1415&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686638.jpg?k=bceb6e9641cdcfd0a336374e26a319ce47cb69f9ba609a42ba2f434cb930e573&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686616.jpg?k=cb8ba7bcd9bcaac54d28acd6cb6acd1708229a824b7b07a5bcf5a917149c94f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686588.jpg?k=914c1670d2ed0b68189d0a1979cb5613e79cbd11124274f867979f634453c353&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686607.jpg?k=6537e03d5747bb0b21856fb0d2de1c0e75c142234892f3e83d89e03d6b36523a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686627.jpg?k=b1d1cf446a401ee032f08572ef134427ba93eda8d461ae965ba6db3e0a7b0481&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686623.jpg?k=4b7522e9e82190eb0fb1a24e6083d9feab4814a04a2038e738d248846a41cb27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400686594.jpg?k=9a116831625594719395018193bfa1ac459e77eeec5c9b35f662923a2b57b98e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylberi Bar Restorant 100 m"\n  - "Piceri Cegrani 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 0 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Bekimi 13 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 27 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Helpful communication. Big, comfortable and clean apartment. Very nice view from the balcony. Very recommended accommodation :)”"\n  - name: "Stella"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Wohnung war sehr geschmackvoll eingerichtet, besonders die Aussicht war traumhaft. In der Umgebung befanden sich schicke Hotels in denen man gut essen kann. Der Strand war der erste schöne ab Durres, an dem es etwas ruhiger wurde. Perfekter...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/e-amp-d-apartment-golem2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment is equipped with modern amenities, including air conditioning, a cable flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen, ensuring a comfortable stay for guests. The inclusion of a dining area and a cozy living room adds to the homely feel, while the balcony offers breathtaking sea views, allowing guests to soak in the picturesque surroundings.

Security and convenience are paramount at E&D Apartment, with full-day security, an elevator, and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. For those seeking leisure within the property, a restaurant and a bar cater to culinary desires, and the view of the pool adds an extra layer of tranquility to the dining experience.

Adventurous guests will appreciate the opportunity to explore the surrounding area, with fishing activities readily available and car rental services on offer to facilitate exploration. Notable nearby attractions include the Rock of Kavaje and the historic Durres Amphitheatre, providing a glimpse into the region's rich cultural heritage.

Situated 50 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 44 km away, E&D Apartment serves as an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration in this captivating part of Albania.