---\ntitle: "E&E Home Sweet Home"\ndescription: "E&E Home Sweet Home emerges as a refreshing retreat in the heart of Tirana, merely 800 meters from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and a short drive from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459305204.jpg?k=6344cd2d446eec9c4cfe35645497495b005a31280fcb0201fe22f3d9bd4ca284&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: e-e-home-sweet-home\naddress: "Rruga Jani Vreto 14, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3303221\n  lng: 19.8260551\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459305204.jpg?k=6344cd2d446eec9c4cfe35645497495b005a31280fcb0201fe22f3d9bd4ca284&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437111795.jpg?k=46edde98f55bdc560cadd5e9830e3bf4af4be488eb086511ff047765ae13c799&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437111705.jpg?k=e36e80cccea7b6373276ca8365fedd42470d52de412d547ecc0ade6c0e328073&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459304930.jpg?k=26620b3166e69e27dd637bebd86e4782631984f13ccb177f92ad27567a84caf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437111786.jpg?k=27fd542afecaa503dcb854c28bb0c5720def9df889bfb2000145e2850df48bb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459305103.jpg?k=6a18821f19a9cefd50e4c2ce1df550e13e5db9e5735bdd5d7fe10a066cc92aff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437111778.jpg?k=a73b1e544253314ce6d825e3858da0d2a1a6f2c233b9eec3294797ac2b7370cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437111709.jpg?k=f9421711831e21ff0918073b7ac813d5a77f6524f20fd047bd79ce307c6d2ff4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459305168.jpg?k=c2a07f64d00324b898ed8a1ca056c8035622a5e2437cfa9c5f41d29db02fd02a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (503 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milky Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Old Bazaar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jolanta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartament, comfortable, delicious Coffee, well equipped.
Next time in Tirana we will book it for sure.
Fantastic host, location super, close to the centre, close to the bus stop to the airport.”"\n  - name: "Ian"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This accommodation is just great, vey quiet in a small street in a very central location just 2 minutes walk to a market / food court area (food and drink are very good and very cheap) and a further few minutes walk to the main square in Tirana....”"\n  - name: "Bradley"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“The Owners are SO FRIENDLY! Best Owners I’ve ever met! The house is really beautiful and comfortable!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/e-amp-e-home-sweet-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property boasts two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom, complete with all the necessary linens and towels. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a dining area ready for memorable meals, and a fully stocked kitchen for those who love to cook. Perhaps the most enchanting feature is the terrace, offering serene garden views – an ideal backdrop for both relaxation and outdoor dining. The added benefit of a private entrance ensures that guests enjoy their stay with an extra layer of privacy.

For those minor necessities or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without the need to venture far. The garden invites visitors to unwind and soak in the tranquility of their surroundings, making it a perfect spot for leisurely afternoons.

E&E Home Sweet Home is not just about the comfort it offers within its walls but also about its prime location. It is a stone's throw away from the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it an ideal base for exploring the cultural richness of the city. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, ensuring easy access to and from this charming holiday home.