---\ntitle: "E&K Cozy Place near Lake"\ndescription: "E&K Cozy Place near Lake emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417044878.jpg?k=fc29d6912eaf121a24bd1978daaf19560f74d8baaaf846f3ecdebe8d2b2193b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: e-k-cozy-place-near-lake\naddress: "Rruga Ymer Kurti Building 8, Entrance 3, 3rd floor, Apartment 17, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3165071\n  lng: 19.81402802\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417044878.jpg?k=fc29d6912eaf121a24bd1978daaf19560f74d8baaaf846f3ecdebe8d2b2193b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214759.jpg?k=eded0c33f2cdcedfd59acb32a0595616b4647d9942539cd78e28cb755f8bd68f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429217920.jpg?k=96d6d7eb413495f38653b8b57782eac8981fe67cf2d85cca30693dae1cd859a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214763.jpg?k=78de0e684b6afd2c4ede5b3452c75bbd90f54aa7ee0b7876bb0c3b0c070de926&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429215774.jpg?k=64b948ea386f3d1eaf6752ce8869362cbf3e04ed9ff2c35c8e7dbf4f4c9aad5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214768.jpg?k=760cbabfcc89c0b1db72569ef02c527e37dc3074c1e9c4bb998ad1bbaa7f5240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214767.jpg?k=df0a313947951485063cc2d2eef633896841e309f500918f6200ab648f42729a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214769.jpg?k=d5787556c096be3fae0d004205eb7f591bfc359eb500a141d0c702de8e264dff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429214760.jpg?k=b218a4f9666ca11cc721a5d0ca7e6354a7d336613fa8c002a4bdeac0fdb79b83&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Pica Peinirli 30 m"\n  - "Kripe Dhe Piper 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elisavet"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“I loved everything about the property. It was amazing. Huge space and everything was clean and amazing when we went there. Close to Bllok as well since I frequented the bars there quite a lot. No need for any taxis because everything was so close.”"\n  - name: "Francesca"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I was pleasantly surprised by this apartment; it exceeded my expectations compared to the photos! It’s spacious, impeccably clean, and incredibly well-organised. The host is lovely, responsive, and always ready to assist. This place has...”"\n  - name: "Pamela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The place was amazing, very comfortable and clean. Great location, very close to the lake and the nightlife as well as all the attractions”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/e-amp-k-cozy-place-near-lake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned to offer easy access to notable landmarks such as Reja - The Cloud, Rinia Park, and Saint Paul Cathedral, E&K Cozy Place ensures guests are always just a stone's throw away from the city's cultural heartbeat. Moreover, its proximity to the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha adds a layer of intrigue to its location.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, featuring a bedroom designed for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen ready to cater to culinary needs with an oven, microwave, washing machine, fridge, and an array of kitchenware.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near attractions such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Grand Park of Tirana, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, making it an ideal base for discovering the city's rich history and lush green spaces. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, E&K Cozy Place near Lake offers both accessibility and a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.