---\ntitle: "Easy Peasy - 9th floor view downtown"\ndescription: "Easy Peasy - 9th Floor View Downtown emerges as a serene haven in the heart of the city, offering guests an exceptional stay with its breathtaking views from the ninth floor."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513922273.jpg?k=efa6e37320cb17888531278a6742870ef59d83724a3ed2988d1e5bc3b989a4ac&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: easy-peasy-9th-floor-view-downtown\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32962025\n  lng: 19.82262536\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513922273.jpg?k=efa6e37320cb17888531278a6742870ef59d83724a3ed2988d1e5bc3b989a4ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504558860.jpg?k=ba6c8608531ab79403efb05ae7301ea2b720fdc7658ec794bf14eda66c489de3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502311234.jpg?k=ba083b6cd7a22d754dfd60cf8d52d2b27506d750fb6c044479c5314110145627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512144265.jpg?k=f361340654ffee68a4b7448b0671f783e7689354e5469b693166b5384ae9e384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502311246.jpg?k=93b0bb7c79320cf54b47c3024d08501aff75d3bac355f901365bcf19919d77f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513922272.jpg?k=a7d22a63d3254e0ecff43fd9b27242b486178ead245153aef7ef23f36332d652&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504558857.jpg?k=7daff0ba4e6706f4bb9782e26c33bcbe5d83e78a8418a4b111cc4ca5436f45a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502311244.jpg?k=b0b5c5d41b137ebec83555a5364836b4141a341e81cd4e8e36a29f9c7c713e4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502311258.jpg?k=ad2f76cc2360305b84ac5f682e11aa4d994fb097c4b4e88479dfa6628ce081e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "Europa Caffe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Damian"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A beautiful, large apartment with an amazing view that was wonderful in the morning when you got up and in the evening. Location in the very center. Very comfortable bed. The apartment is very clean and well-kept.”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment on the 9th floor in the best central location of the city, 5 minutes walk from where the airport bus drops off by Skanderbeg Square.
Extensive views all over the downtown core right to the mountains.
Apartment was well...”"\n  - name: "Valerio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottima la posizione, ottimo appartamento. Tranquillo pur essendo in centro”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/easy-peasy-amp-writers-nest-downtown.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation prides itself on its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh setting for all guests. The air-conditioned apartment is thoughtfully designed with a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a fridge, catering to all the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet and slippers, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a touch of home comfort to the urban retreat.

For those looking to explore the city at their own pace, Easy Peasy offers a convenient car rental service right from the premises. This feature is perfect for guests eager to discover nearby attractions such as the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, and the prestigious National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania.

Situated just 4.4 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests have the unique opportunity to easily venture into the natural landscapes surrounding the city. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 14 km away, the apartment stands as an ideal choice for both international visitors and those seeking a memorable urban escape.

Easy Peasy - 9th Floor View Downtown is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to experiencing the city's culture, history, and natural beauty, all from the comfort of a home-like setting.