---\ntitle: "Ebel Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Ebel Boutique Hotel stands out as a distinguished 4-star haven in Tirana, located just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273175521.jpg?k=2888200511291218096a4d2251f92dc24b702cf861265eb3625d95599dff9046&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ebel-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Durresit, pall 240, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33319268\n  lng: 19.80533189\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 547\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273175521.jpg?k=2888200511291218096a4d2251f92dc24b702cf861265eb3625d95599dff9046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273181690.jpg?k=ef56c5554b6c539350ec07a33aa7b690aa1a496f71c5d5d39c2f9455d4d6f12e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273175533.jpg?k=f2184b54780686681479b34e637e701311fc539b769ac03bb1c368ebcb24211d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182187.jpg?k=66433040d2fb4c4002f505c5dfebe05051a661a2d4b154a95aa452ee328054bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182177.jpg?k=38ec59286235cea6f9ecb5ddd2b4d7c7f189d89e0b151dfb56ed1aca689df34f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182671.jpg?k=ab026ca3280b73e1aafe405bc6300b96db91623c0a50e8dad58f015b70ff2db4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182159.jpg?k=b687a3a1cde07e8ef7bdaa2e7ea53076d9c9a9235cc798cbb22642477e54f921&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182163.jpg?k=349f0a52928877191e4810caf7014eb79bb9053f7da536c447aa7876118bc2df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182134.jpg?k=6af6b030cb019c96913521d4618f870f96f603710d55cc59f722149b3880feb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182165.jpg?k=93b186053aed019ffc27f99aa1fb7af4ca189149eb3e645bcaa33c76b288700a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182143.jpg?k=8d5eb08066dabd99a7d76b50e2e9638f46c84d8933b79d00f577534e8db19a03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273182172.jpg?k=fcd1aacf46c38c095cb6c0ab404bd330012c691deff7fc958cba866c2a4da59c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Queen Room"\n  - "Small Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "King Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Rean 9 m"\n  - "Bar Trinity 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antonino"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything goods , especially the kindle of Anisa the reception 🛎️ ✅✅✅✅✅✅✅ If I come back in Albania I choose only Elber”"\n  - name: "Isida"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything! The hotel is a very well located in Tirana. You can reach the center within 10 min by walking and have a very fast presentation of the center of Tirana. The staff is very kind and helpful. The rooms are clean and well equipped. The bad...”"\n  - name: "Nadezhda"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Very clean , teapot and coffee in a room, heating by air system. Helpful staff. Nice interior design. There is a good cafe with kitchen in the second floor.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ebel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe guest rooms at Ebel Boutique Hotel are designed with comfort and convenience in mind, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels. Safety is prioritized with the inclusion of a deposit box in each room. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer, adding to the thoughtful amenities provided. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to relax. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a coffee machine in all rooms, ensuring guests can start their day with a fresh brew. Comfort is guaranteed with high-quality bed linen and towels provided in every room.

Situated in close proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania, Ebel Boutique Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich culture and history of Tirana. For those traveling to and from the city, the convenience is unmatched with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Ebel Boutique Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Tirana.