---\ntitle: "EDEN GUESTHOUSE"\ndescription: "EDEN GUESTHOUSE emerges as a serene haven in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an immersive city experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920074.jpg?k=dd6272617984363e9e2892a827c4467bfdee8f6420a30d8a9f643cf9c3d4f0ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eden-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Liman Kaba, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3137861\n  lng: 19.80852331\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920074.jpg?k=dd6272617984363e9e2892a827c4467bfdee8f6420a30d8a9f643cf9c3d4f0ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920218.jpg?k=ed8fc1e24202334f7bddd6898a74106a93d1b876b55f2083c9d2df60c2656cb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920240.jpg?k=d00400f013c296fb63e56f4d09a93f1bb05405f405bb8df0e39ba9eb3059482b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480326822.jpg?k=53a317d0641aa7a9d54829277a34d72b34685824359bf896dee9bb50cf9f99d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920250.jpg?k=861ab6de72e88287f277be19e10c91798a0fb0fe3c5fed5761a4197af0b1e451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480326946.jpg?k=ce55d267afef36766da59fc04b4ff04351c57062c31185d8594a82aa539199fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920212.jpg?k=fd013c0931d450f5abc9b320a5ff52aa860c0690224b2d6beac6e5260acb72ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920224.jpg?k=076623ad969d83c060e93d7c519c7f6a58f1fa3687dd93616185e6219db55499&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478920245.jpg?k=c9cf181802be3b2aed60c561684e7d6820e17b61e006e8237d266627f31df141&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Da Michele Ristorante 20 m"\n  - "Anema E Core 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eden-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a tranquil garden setting, providing a peaceful retreat amidst the urban landscape. With its commitment to non-smoking accommodations, EDEN GUESTHOUSE ensures a clean and healthy environment for all guests. The convenience of private parking on-site, coupled with complimentary WiFi, adds to the seamless experience offered.

Accommodations at EDEN GUESTHOUSE are notably spacious, featuring a three-bedroom apartment that opens up to a balcony with picturesque garden views. The living space is thoughtfully designed with a flat-screen TV and a comfortable seating area, inviting guests to relax and unwind. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances, including a dishwasher and an oven, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, two well-appointed bathrooms, complete with a bidet, enhance the comfort of the stay.

For those eager to explore the surroundings, the apartment is conveniently located just 2.4 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square and a mere 2.1 km from the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. Adventure seekers will appreciate the proximity to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, situated 7.1 km away, offering an opportunity to witness breathtaking views of the city from above. Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 43 km, promising an intriguing excursion.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests. EDEN GUESTHOUSE stands out as a premier choice for those desiring a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of adventure in Tirana.