---\ntitle: "Eden Tiranë"\ndescription: "Eden Tiranë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491107493.jpg?k=373b386df450b4a60b411555093fe2055dfa375c03af5398cc1800632c5a0bb6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eden-tiran\naddress: "Rruga Kasem Shima,Pallati Marsi 4,Ap.24. TIRANË, 3001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34156558\n  lng: 19.76532218\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491107493.jpg?k=373b386df450b4a60b411555093fe2055dfa375c03af5398cc1800632c5a0bb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490217377.jpg?k=43ecc8098d36842a5e971bb8df488fa74a52d0ccdd207132dc5df32ac0274425&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490217403.jpg?k=e8012911e6a54f4875b52b6d16d1be2507ead253accf24b550ab8514a4b10706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491106966.jpg?k=1ccc260bf8917e4f4bea3ded369998676d2f23ea2b760ab0d6ade64551dc90b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491106824.jpg?k=e119a8cf7471575988b92e2fee1eaf78d172f5cb1c3eff5a4aa0410e91410f67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491107262.jpg?k=a127979f3ce487b28bbdc0d3fd712c662c80a81d1e7cc553184a01c605d8e117&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491107062.jpg?k=db7fe0280ea21a0155118af5a6b8260438ab99c8e1a5878cae90a87321b2c9fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490217382.jpg?k=c9149b4d20f4629c76edaebeaeadc4d1ba3c713a2906176b5d0b1c699ff087ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523309768.jpg?k=bdf420e16793796d40824ed5df3a366c5810692b55310820854345250a41b2ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New King House 600 m"\n  - "Edisem 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 7 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nameless01"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“quiet area, less traffic, clean and warm flat, useful equipments,”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment with everything we needed. Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Roland"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was super, the flat was furnished with every detail, clean 10/10, super space, super area, everything was super. More than happy that made that choice, hope to be able to use again this place. The owner was extraordinary nice, very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eden-home-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a well-thought-out layout, including a bedroom, a bathroom, and an inviting dining area. The apartment is fully furnished to meet all needs, featuring a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to cook their meals, and a balcony that offers breathtaking mountain views. The attention to detail is evident with the inclusion of bed linen, towels, and even a welcoming touch of fruits, chocolates, or cookies. Additionally, an outdoor dining area is available for guests who enjoy meals under the open sky.

Situated 40 km from the Rock of Kavaje and just 5.1 km from the House of Leaves, Eden Tiranë presents an excellent base for exploring the wider Tirana area. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 11 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. Eden Tiranë stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest comfort and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for those visiting Tirana.