---\ntitle: "Edina"\ndescription: "Edina Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420239391.jpg?k=c59dce0a2ed33654a04ccf1e8b3a2f44a26e27c234e11491814353e8ed5351d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: edina\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti lagjia nr 1, 1001 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.863429\n  lng: 20.019324\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420239391.jpg?k=c59dce0a2ed33654a04ccf1e8b3a2f44a26e27c234e11491814353e8ed5351d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420242977.jpg?k=157901c046872e699a56167586503a13d6345ce89af03baf2660ead269091620&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256789014.jpg?k=6a2732b61d96e84347b867968dc4c2df4e990d5fd1fb49ca364a305d0372b6a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420239383.jpg?k=932cad938fc8c3d0dfdf72b0f35db4b0cfab8827527b33a9bade73cc56ada3fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420238588.jpg?k=b06a3912dc9fced2d2db4a46539f7e853d77cb89a99a8937d7d1025b0249205b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199919489.jpg?k=6a07dc2a8424ff4365085db58b60056f086f9679b1d0321d0f0bda17118211c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420238903.jpg?k=71ec5d6021f9d4058142ee092c25960d3f76429edea7eb21968ec6e22cbf1d5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218559810.jpg?k=e7f0ffc097e5d59262aa2220033d86c2832da9a249c78cae35d01f3077539b49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199919466.jpg?k=e3a7ea078a1547800ef305039523c95854f91b73d2b46941cb9f449c57cad968&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Luxury Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rixhi 20 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 450 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 650 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fedir"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very nice staff, location is also fine, close to the beaches and city centre. Clean and quite huge suite with refrigerator and balcony (sea view).”"\n  - name: "Julien"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Good place, equipment are good. Small view on the sea. Supermarkets downstairs.”"\n  - name: "Amministral"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Nice, new and comfortable rooms (two rooms for each suite). The rooms are equipped with a kitchen and with every comfort! Very kind and extremely helpful staff. An excellent choice for us who had 3 cars to park!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/edina-sarande1234.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Edina Hotel is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a terrace that serves as a private escape. The rooms are equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV and free WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and entertained. The inclusion of a desk in every room caters to the needs of business travelers or those who wish to pen down their adventures. Bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hairdryers, adding to the convenience of the stay.

The hotel's prime location places it within easy reach of Santa Quaranta Beach, less than 1 km away, offering guests ample opportunities to soak in the sun and sea. For those seeking adventure beyond the beach, Butrint National Park lies 14 km away, promising a day of exploration in one of Albania's most treasured natural and historical sites.

Guests at Edina Hotel are greeted by a multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, and Italian, ready to assist at any hour. This commitment to service ensures a seamless and enjoyable stay for guests from around the globe.

For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 96 km from the hotel, making Edina an accessible choice for international visitors seeking a tranquil retreat in Sarandë. Whether it's the allure of nearby beaches or the promise of impeccable service, Edina Hotel stands out as a premier choice for discerning travelers.