---\ntitle: "Eduart apartments"\ndescription: "Eduart Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking beachfront bliss in Sarandë, located a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198624084.jpg?k=2e94c5f4a8055d33f2e19d80c348e61ee98beba96215b3f55cde3b6beff22084&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eduart-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86415916\n  lng: 20.017442\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198624084.jpg?k=2e94c5f4a8055d33f2e19d80c348e61ee98beba96215b3f55cde3b6beff22084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198206681.jpg?k=83d3c2ae7e60355472ee343f7ef92e993159012df277ffd54f02753dd45bc890&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198206717.jpg?k=24b4fb252b184bd1650c29c63aa1d78e1092b63573f444a3968195f4e69110f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237002991.jpg?k=e2085bf37d00f8d9453c0f7a14c0b652adb30c524fe798db50868d62769db318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403084777.jpg?k=b9e6eeb4b08543cefd05779f3ab474ab9f57f6fddfdc0ba7bb95b400abfe94a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202414055.jpg?k=61f068d8a2ced6ed634c10e7ad9fe40da1452327d668921392f5e4a077c82053&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198206693.jpg?k=1723c335e6355fe013e39c6afbc82385e42e5396ee922ce8021724b41a9b50d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198206730.jpg?k=4fa2676066a3d01aed3a02b07bdf8114d858e55fb51806b1076a47731d022844&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403084818.jpg?k=9f95ef050a3c35f15bed5b28f52b191fce264ea99061951b311b5eec2415e612&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Nertili 3 m"\n  - "Pizza di Gusto 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 500 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 600 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 650 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vlade"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartment Is 80 m far of beach, few bacary and restoraunt also. Host was very helpful when my car baterry spoiled.”"\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Eduart apartment was very nice located, near the beach. He was very helpful and answered all our questions. The room was very clean and spacious. A really good spot for a holiday in saranda. A lot of markets and restaurants were near . We had a...”"\n  - name: "Helena"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The location is very good with a staircase down to swimming and sunbathing with sunbeds borrowed from the hotel. In the evening, you can catch fantastic sunsets if you go down to the water. There are many good restaurants in the area. To the town...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eduart-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Eduart is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony to soak in the serene surroundings. Select apartments elevate the experience further with a private entrance, ensuring an exclusive retreat. The thoughtful inclusion of a wardrobe in all units adds a touch of home, making it easy for guests to settle in and unwind.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Eduart Apartments serves as an ideal base. VIP Beach is within a short 1.1 km stroll, offering a different flavor of Sarandë's coastal charm. Further afield, the enchanting Butrint National Park awaits 15 km away, promising adventures amidst ancient ruins and natural beauty. Despite its tranquil location, the property ensures easy connectivity with Ioannina Airport, located 96 km away, facilitating smooth travel plans.

Eduart Apartments stands out as a compelling choice for families and travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and captivating views in the heart of Sarandë.