---\ntitle: "Eglent's tourist house"\ndescription: "Eglent's Tourist House emerges as a charming retreat in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the serene La Petite and Maestral Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154156007.jpg?k=6f882f25a132ba24c52ea4b2844b9200acb25cc344b1af298886eb5b9b2ebf2d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eglent-s-tourist-house\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu 0695434201, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87752848\n  lng: 20.02219141\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 67\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154156007.jpg?k=6f882f25a132ba24c52ea4b2844b9200acb25cc344b1af298886eb5b9b2ebf2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151841791.jpg?k=9f132be81f541a7ce2cfac120f8972a447b4a6036a642c21fb4eab2504383be1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138942243.jpg?k=057e881d1bd467d1b1fd937cb1d03ffe5d5b6b309361dd87d9bb9a0fc1ba1df7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138942262.jpg?k=81fec408d4f9bafbbb62887989aef1a1f6065136be32043dc84f27d456cfe15e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138942246.jpg?k=37b5f030bc4dcd836f913ba229ac32642947786f295b3136c74624f09f80e8f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111843226.jpg?k=80a64814d68a58369751e1ba030c8946e5aceec7c32bc08abf5bf0d7561ab98b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Family Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 550 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Enea\\"\" 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 950 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice staff, despite communication problems caused by the language barrier, the stay there was trouble-free, the room was clean and well-kept :)”"\n  - name: "Yjafor"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent accommodation, super clean, best view - located in a quiet area not far from centre of Sarande and Ksamil. The host was very friendly, welcoming and kind. The Wi-Fi was top quality. Own transportation is required.
Parking available. We,...”"\n  - name: "Georgi"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“We like everything !
The hosts were amazing ,helping with our children ,regular cleaning the apartment ,changing bed sheets ,giving us trying from their meals .Just amazing !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eglent-39-s-tourist-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room boasts air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights, alongside a terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views. The living spaces are thoughtfully equipped with a seating area and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a fridge, adds a touch of home, while the private bathrooms come with a bath for ultimate relaxation. Adding to the appeal, every unit opens up to a balcony that includes an outdoor dining area, allowing guests to dine amidst garden views. Comfort is further ensured with the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit.

Families visiting Eglent's Tourist House will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring the little ones' well-being during their stay. The guest house also boasts a picnic area, perfect for those wishing to enjoy a day under the open sky.

Situated just 2.9 km from Saranda City Beach and a scenic 18 km drive from Butrint National Park, the guest house's location offers an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and historical richness of the area. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is located 95 km away, making Eglent's Tourist House a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.