---\ntitle: "Eja Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Eja Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499722905.jpg?k=7d0e40a2bd7d62c5db0a14cd577b357e66e63cc0dd4b0c78d30645e942dbd69c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eja-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Petro Marko, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33380115\n  lng: 19.80718888\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499722905.jpg?k=7d0e40a2bd7d62c5db0a14cd577b357e66e63cc0dd4b0c78d30645e942dbd69c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502431586.jpg?k=b4278f50e5a97736c05dd5b48c3c56dd4dc76faadd044ca713bb3508de80256d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502431616.jpg?k=5f6c64f62a1b2343151effaeb414b733e57cb02c03601f6275f209712b652f0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502431556.jpg?k=fefa23ccadcf88be6db21d2f7e784fb19cc7e0f84a427d90872a626e106c3eb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498951562.jpg?k=81983d4abdfe8234d406c4c06483b93fa7d4cd17d7e8ce4fd794ffd193e8b126&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499533643.jpg?k=693ba046c0e0e504533c27f558aa07bd025c5cc20e4dac2bbd51374691ac7e0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498951523.jpg?k=2dc86c9e981fb6d7b1c904cd1b4b6ed7c06a223ec1b7ad1645b325b07e08d985&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513991017.jpg?k=bbc34762be237885c021fd0c3958244b53a8a8f5199ef5e6ca679ad7b3b858b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513991018.jpg?k=af191b6a2a18f20169c8a69e427f30e4d6b9f8253776416aedde3ec828e21897&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Wall Street Bar 40 m"\n  - "Kafe LIVE kafe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 7 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Liam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Apartment very modern and clean, host was very helpful and communicative. Located close to city centre, within 20 minutes walk to the main areas.”"\n  - name: "Flavio"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“One of the best Airbnb apartments I've ever stayed in.
Large, spacious rooms, king-size bed ,balcony, super modern bedroom, kitchen and bathroom.
Super-smelling apartment!
Location very close to the main tourist attractions.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eja-apartment-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a generously sized apartment, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with essential amenities such as bed linen and towels. The living space is designed for relaxation and entertainment, featuring a flat-screen TV and a comfortable dining area. The fully equipped kitchen and the charming balcony, offering serene garden views, add to the apartment's appeal, providing guests with the freedom to dine in or simply enjoy a quiet moment outdoors. Notably, the apartment is committed to ensuring a peaceful stay with its non-smoking and soundproof rooms.

Convenience is further enhanced by the complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the area with ease. Eja Apartment 1 is also in close proximity to cultural gems such as the National Museum of History Albania, the House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, enriching guests' stay with opportunities for cultural immersion. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 12 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

Eja Apartment 1 stands out as a thoughtful blend of comfort, location, and convenience, making it a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.