---\ntitle: "Ejstel Residence Apartments"\ndescription: "Ejstel Residence Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475311766.jpg?k=02677585faff07baed93194d3d165354fb3b1f53c4afd012821a2ee2403b7fa6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ejstel-residence-apartments\naddress: "Durres, Golem, Ejstel Residence Ap.68, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26946251\n  lng: 19.51943351\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475311766.jpg?k=02677585faff07baed93194d3d165354fb3b1f53c4afd012821a2ee2403b7fa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475331431.jpg?k=e5879398b467b1e5ae2779006edd1ed56ad2fbf73c9794009ac206f58237539e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475340671.jpg?k=b9b4c5cfc90e2372f8b71c617185682dbfd49ef85cf0da92d7f6d4e13199f897&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475311715.jpg?k=1c3dd9bfefae9f89017305cc643fa3089e1049ea4577eac40fd833740db44a8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475311760.jpg?k=4b3f6905524e6f081f2925cbffb30d0e0e5bc6876f29669bf653cfffa369212f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475311777.jpg?k=1c12ce20ae329e8062bc291b04a0558fcaf67c619ba456422ec232ec3f60cfe3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475314242.jpg?k=da9d3f66f609a4d1be9e3216c82b5872f9ac02284937f386ced1633a9281c044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495378821.jpg?k=9046ebca16fc4045708c6584b84265a0e74964a6dda6070d4f45c27d1f1131e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475314240.jpg?k=19645566b9c277f158706b1777a2774d2e82844fbc878e9f613c2b88e102f86d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Anxhelson 100 m"\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 450 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gilson"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“The apartment is spacious and equipped with everything needed for a pleasant stay, very clean and well maintained. It is located very close to the beach, bars, restaurants and supermarkets. The host is very attentive and helped us with some...”"\n  - name: "Marianne"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location for the beach. Nice big rooms and very clean. Incredibly helpful and friendly host, who really wanted us to feel welocome and settled. He even offered advice for the rest of the trip.”"\n  - name: "Haim"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“היחס הנפלא של מריו (הבעלים) היה מושלם
ואף עזר לנו בהסעות לכיוון סרנדה בסך הכל נפלא מקווים שיהיה כך גם בהמשך הטיול שלנו”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ejstel-residence-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a haven of space and comfort, boasting balconies that offer breathtaking mountain views. Each two-bedroom apartment is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a cable flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom that features both a bath and a shower, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. Importantly, the entire property is non-smoking, catering to the health and comfort of all guests.

For those looking to explore the local area or require essentials during their stay, a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience. Additionally, the availability of car and bicycle rental services directly from the apartment facilitates easy exploration of Durrës and beyond.

Situated 2.1 km from the vibrant Durres Beach and within a manageable distance of 43 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, Ejstel Residence Apartments offers an ideal base for both relaxation and adventure. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 37 km away, guests will find their travel to and from the property a breeze, further enhanced by the option of arranged airport transfers.

In summary, Ejstel Residence Apartments stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest comfort, convenience, and the allure of the Albanian coast.