---\ntitle: "EKA Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "EKA Luxury Apartments stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking exceptional accommodation in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206012654.jpg?k=4370fd72ee73e8d98dbc5a2f5c4c2c7f44e239fae60bdc8ad2e3bb7187b3c5b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eka-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga 940, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30588292\n  lng: 19.49382463\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 179\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 6.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206012654.jpg?k=4370fd72ee73e8d98dbc5a2f5c4c2c7f44e239fae60bdc8ad2e3bb7187b3c5b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206018361.jpg?k=3a4e105841432315dd3b959514ad42ed35fc8d6de0e6008d9890371143446572&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204055993.jpg?k=8818d40f1f40efc0129bafcbb6844d1b5c2c783ede2c3ec1b8112372a9191cb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204212760.jpg?k=93c5fdccbb8f91a664500a2aeea2ac4ca7b13e85e5002b86b547ddc61fec3a9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204056324.jpg?k=5e4dbf2fe390028ae053cca27bff3f67b8ffd4955ee8ae8c9075f34aacd4d82e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148836055.jpg?k=9a97c341b64a09b61b73814d207d26b073a5a1aad31306099c8f6f6721d86fad&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tasty 40 m"\n  - "Porto Azzurro 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Niamaat"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Everything! The hostess was very welcoming. The property provided everything we needed and more, such as snacks to tie you over until the next day.”"\n  - name: "Matti"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Nice location, clean apartment and wonderful staff.”"\n  - name: "Kevan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic modern stylish apartment in a great location right by the beach and supermarket and the bus stop I would definitely stay there again the apartment is so clean and stylish everything was new and high quality it must have cost the owner a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eka-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe apartments are designed with inclusivity in mind, offering family-friendly rooms and accessible facilities for guests with disabilities, ensuring a welcoming experience for all. The interior of each unit reveals a thoughtful layout, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, and a seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment is readily available via a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, alongside a fully equipped kitchen and dining area for those who prefer a home-cooked meal. Safety and privacy are prioritized with the inclusion of a safety deposit box and a private bathroom, complete with a bidet, slippers, and a hair dryer, adding a touch of home comfort to the luxury experience.

The allure of EKA Luxury Apartments is further enhanced by the terraces featured in every unit. These outdoor spaces offer not only an area for dining al fresco but also boast breathtaking mountain views, providing a serene backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Located a mere 400 meters from the picturesque Durres Beach and within a manageable distance from Skanderbeg Square, the apartments offer an ideal base for exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the area. For those arriving from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 33 km away, is a testament to EKA Luxury Apartments' dedication to guest satisfaction.

EKA Luxury Apartments emerges as a top choice for discerning travelers, combining the comforts of home with the luxury of a 5-star hotel, all set against the vibrant backdrop of Durrës.