---\ntitle: "EKA Luxury Seaview Apartments"\ndescription: "EKA Luxury Seaview Apartments emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking unparalleled views and modern comforts in Vlorë, positioned just moments from the serene Vjetër Beach and a short distance from the vibrant Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511818328.jpg?k=c6c8dc69ec36cf5dc4eb23f31d9957442a868a37614983809b5a7d6834f9f8aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eka-luxury-seaview-apartments\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 4008 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45733295\n  lng: 19.46891332\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511818328.jpg?k=c6c8dc69ec36cf5dc4eb23f31d9957442a868a37614983809b5a7d6834f9f8aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511818802.jpg?k=4d4ab71011e662633dabe6430b0ecfa3c5ff0fe6e19061adf115521a05999ee1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511818917.jpg?k=8ae9f9a0a71dbccb99ffeb3accd6919e4c5c2bea0faea2d449e066f98fa8833a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511818926.jpg?k=996f9309264e232adb751ca54fb253140b7216749b3485915b6c5b976bfb6c33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511820755.jpg?k=cac38fc42fb787541addb954891ff0a147e8b61fb5757769e61d7fbb7231ce87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511816367.jpg?k=8796156209f8b097b9edd4a1319e48ebe27dcaff765bb8f065c37eba36b7dbe1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 150 m"\n  - "Love Beach 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 20 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.4 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Beautiful view from the balcony with amazing commodities and access to beach within 200m”"\n  - name: "Grisilda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was spacious, clean and well-maintained.
The location was perfect - close to city centre and attractions.”"\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Fajne apartamenty w bliskiej odległości do morza.Okolice piękne. Można tu zostać na kilka dni. W wakacje musi być ekstra. Dobra komunikacja z właścicielem. Albańczycy bardzo mili, otwarci na turystów. Bardzo pomocni. Ceny nie są wygórowane. Więc...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eka-luxury-seaview-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this esteemed complex is a testament to contemporary living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment at any hour. The convenience of a fully-equipped kitchen, inclusive of an oven, toaster, fridge, and even a coffee machine and kettle, caters to every culinary need, while the inclusion of a dining area allows guests to savor their creations in the comfort of their own space. Safety is paramount, with each unit housing a safety deposit box, and the private bathrooms come complete with a bidet, slippers, and a hairdryer for that touch of luxury. The provision of bed linen and towels adds an extra layer of convenience to the stay.

Situated a mere 3.5 km from the historic Independence Square and 4.1 km from the iconic Kuzum Baba, EKA Luxury Seaview Apartments offers an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, with the property providing a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

In essence, EKA Luxury Seaview Apartments stands out as a beacon of luxury and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay with its blend of spectacular views, modern amenities, and strategic location.