---\ntitle: "EKA Luxury Penthouse"\ndescription: "EKA Luxury Penthouse emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148433330.jpg?k=635244af2d2d9ea66476be027016a3f72d860c8b219de59e5d09548a9e88fd23&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eka-luxury-penthouse\naddress: "Rruga Qafe Bote, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.304997\n  lng: 19.49672\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148433330.jpg?k=635244af2d2d9ea66476be027016a3f72d860c8b219de59e5d09548a9e88fd23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/148600543.jpg?k=f089a58fd9029e9d226f901e86d434d48a5b6ca163130e658bc6eb8a67476644&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/148433329.jpg?k=df61ed0efd22fbcb8c90c1a131eeb9dc10b3f0b82b0957710c0c913473f34129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/148433331.jpg?k=bac7d97c2d7e0d05811196ba629f30e36b72685fa7268a75481669159913ce89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/148433322.jpg?k=cb459769661120faca4d8362784464bc1d65322ca0cacd826f346143ac415123&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/149996391.jpg?k=f7f457cdd4989a9ef2e1b123f67d634758992aad5222ab651970981cf9711db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/148433347.jpg?k=0091e1a78fcecec5bee5bf5367cdd60227c47e2802f591d51fef20b7b38f1be0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Gjura 30 m"\n  - "Saccaria 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eka-luxury-penthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a realm of luxury in the spacious apartment, which is equipped with modern comforts including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and complimentary WiFi. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with fresh towels and bed linen, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook. The highlight, however, is the terrace that offers breathtaking sea views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

The convenience of free private parking, an elevator, and a minimarket on the premises adds to the seamless experience. The penthouse ensures privacy and tranquility with soundproofing and a private entrance, making it an ideal retreat for those seeking peace and quiet.

Located a short distance from notable attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, EKA Luxury Penthouse serves as an excellent base for exploring the area. For guests arriving by air, the property is conveniently located 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport and offers a paid shuttle service for ease of travel.

EKA Luxury Penthouse is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable Albanian adventure, combining the comforts of home with the luxury of a high-end hotel.