---\ntitle: "ELÉA Guesthouse himare"\ndescription: "ELÉA Guesthouse Himare stands out as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty, just a short distance from the pristine Prinos Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467781481.jpg?k=2f54848ecb7e3bb837cf42c2d4ece0c60e28bf8185db2a0e47d2ee1fd006db1c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: el-a-guesthouse-himare\naddress: "ex SH8, 8888 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.09454726\n  lng: 19.76670778\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 267\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467781481.jpg?k=2f54848ecb7e3bb837cf42c2d4ece0c60e28bf8185db2a0e47d2ee1fd006db1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467780345.jpg?k=7930ddaac91f96e49f631a6f2679e831d8ea2391f93be943c56a502fc0cb716f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144067182.jpg?k=4cc8303eb9ba12a955b2a5bda658ce4bb004ffaff0c07fff24d9a8e624163dca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469336049.jpg?k=ea275243eb58f75698c0411ff22d48cfba65a8382c23c4cd4eb8543088d02519&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514265083.jpg?k=67ebd8e6e5cce86ac1aa012903a10477e3c1323fbaba4dd7d86185c34dbfa09f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514264827.jpg?k=ea218ca94be4a92a3f21f64c9958ecb6d9d505e083d87d6dc0d38caceca22af2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505693916.jpg?k=2de05325671878591ff70c646fd63716136b036b510c52bf0d97e4096300684c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505693665.jpg?k=6b87dc487613cec4c243e8ef4daa28a267de41aa3cf3c94f7d43eb0538ae61a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505693103.jpg?k=3baf153c90a0684bf0226141a76746f89b87f121de034d9ef7654bd998d8d1db&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Velco 650 m"\n  - "Taverna Pirosia 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Potam Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Llamani Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The friendly people, the great food and the goats.”"\n  - name: "Elmira"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great place to stay. Guesthouse, located in beatifull and quite location. The room and bathroom were very clean and cosy.
Breakfast delicious. The host is friendly and helpful. We loved our stay. Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The location is perfect, its high up in the mountain overlooking the sea and the town. Sunset is amazing! Breakfast was great, all natural products + great service. And what's more, the restaurant is Greek and we had the best dinner of all the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-pllajia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEvery room at ELÉA Guesthouse Himare is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring air conditioning, soundproofing for a peaceful night's sleep, ample wardrobe space, and a sleek, private bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower. The attention to detail extends to the outdoor spaces as well; guests can enjoy their own terrace, complete with an outdoor dining area to soak in the surrounding beauty.

Mornings at ELÉA are greeted with an à la carte breakfast, a delightful spread of fresh fruits and cheese, ensuring a flavorful start to the day. The on-site restaurant further enhances the stay, offering delicious dining options without the need to venture far.

For those looking to unwind, the guesthouse's garden offers a tranquil oasis, perfect for relaxation. And when the call of the beach becomes irresistible, Potam Beach and Maracit Beach are conveniently located just a stone's throw away, promising sandy escapades and water adventures.

Situated 142 km from Ioannina Airport, ELÉA Guesthouse Himare simplifies travel arrangements with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free journey to and from the property. With its combination of serene surroundings, impeccable service, and proximity to local attractions, this guesthouse is an ideal choice for families and solo travelers alike, seeking a memorable stay in Himare.