---\ntitle: "Eleart"\ndescription: "Eleart emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking the comfort of air-conditioned accommodations paired with the convenience of modern amenities in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198240144.jpg?k=126983ff63e4464f8c7b8f3fa0467988c5393edbc53f8ca5af56067e46923167&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eleart\naddress: "Rruga e Fshatrave Turistike 37, Qerret, Albania, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23150996\n  lng: 19.51990493\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 126\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198240144.jpg?k=126983ff63e4464f8c7b8f3fa0467988c5393edbc53f8ca5af56067e46923167&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449302776.jpg?k=ed28639ab3a1921078543dfc99bd3688a8ed496297b5922ebaed94e949ba6ebd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152826251.jpg?k=d38a1cff185533da431438306f7b601df4256b4f49bb10915613c30599790c19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154203181.jpg?k=d49ea6c2b4b056597005c7c2c0bb4f3436a0edfd9a72f1bd31704158014ebf19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449302607.jpg?k=25f96a929faef0d8c376740b9b2fc195352a051bf360a9305221240ac6fb8bdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176171960.jpg?k=c3a0cc7b3511b2ac95c7d6d12828946d6502269037811e536538562a91d03093&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449302990.jpg?k=61dcb5ddb8b3ee6097bc735969855fd909c8f38fe5ef0e74db732d8d19197ff1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449302492.jpg?k=9a1529ca753de1a3a8d0367b9d361a297532a0d4e20731983bf0104767c26a4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497439128.jpg?k=c3629fb4b07e10e1f8f01a61bdf90edd7e516fd16b790c36683e7ec967e9b389&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 250 m"\n  - "Fishinn 2 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 450 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 600 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything! Spacious and very clean room and bathroom. Small market and ATM across the road to stock up and fridge in room chills water quickly. Close to bars, restaurants and beach but in a quiet area so got a great sleep. Artur and Elena...”"\n  - name: "Juraj"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Very freindly and hospitable host. During the trip, he communicated with us via messages, and even though we arrived late at night, he was waiting for us. The apartment was beautifully clean and comfortable. The beaches are super close, just 5...”"\n  - name: "Olena"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We had a great time in EleArt.
The rooms are top equipped. Everything and more is there. Facilities (washing machine and dishes) and Wi-Fi connection make the apartment as comfortable as in your own home. Serious, attentive and extremely helpful...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eleart-qerret.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Eleart are treated to a suite of services designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a secure environment with full-day security, alongside the convenience of an ATM and currency exchange on the premises. The highlight of the accommodations is undoubtedly the spacious apartments, which feature a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The balcony, offering breathtaking mountain views, adds a touch of serenity to the experience.

Dining at Eleart is a delight, with an on-site restaurant that allows guests to savor their meals in an outdoor dining area, amidst the tranquil garden views. The à la carte breakfast menu, featuring a selection of pancakes, juice, and cheese, ensures a delightful start to the day. For those seeking a casual atmosphere, the coffee shop and on-site minimarket provide additional convenience.

Families visiting Eleart will appreciate the thoughtful amenities geared towards children, including outdoor play equipment and a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay for parents. The outdoor fireplace area offers a cozy spot for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

In summary, Eleart presents a compelling option for guests looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and access to some of Golem's most beautiful beaches. Its array of amenities and serene setting make it an ideal choice for both families and solo travelers alike.