---\ntitle: "Elegant Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town"\ndescription: "Elegant Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317412.jpg?k=9b002ffb74b93af5824a933cda595127eba9ec150f9a307c25024cd04d00d0b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elegant-apartment-new-bazaar-old-town\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33170852\n  lng: 19.82513822\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317412.jpg?k=9b002ffb74b93af5824a933cda595127eba9ec150f9a307c25024cd04d00d0b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478875981.jpg?k=fa42d3101faa217afb8245cf5ef05727f56369b95957616c92f937a3cd345973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317419.jpg?k=28464d4b13bd59259819adb09cf7dbd87507ad9163e190f685d7ea98ee70b5d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317395.jpg?k=ecf038d2d3f72a2feba91dfa451205fb850e1e195e21cf8eeb8e9bf823d3ccb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317420.jpg?k=1af240f7f56f88a39266c8c2b809dca8b2b9e6ee31148093689f04dcaa151d78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317410.jpg?k=8c0772f95c3699648853af1574c492a86e942b669d8c4a669dece43463d8054f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317416.jpg?k=e9e75e5bcfff41212519ce9d7c412830291442706bcb5dd3f42f772e67af9cf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317411.jpg?k=3c2f250dec281c93bef982be1471663dac5190547221be6aa3d223739ec2d894&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489317413.jpg?k=ec0f5cae8f6af71cdbe6ffe89a5bc3394865d8e53d25ee3888e43e210d0f06f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylli Hidri Soni Fish 40 m"\n  - "Bar Trattoria Logu 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“location was very good. 15 minutes from centrum. you do not need to looking for some public transport.
next to this book are good shop with all essential things.”"\n  - name: "Gia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“it is located in the bazaar area, takes some minutes on foot to the sightseeings, restaurants, supermarkets. the apartment is clean and new (renovated in an old building).”"\n  - name: "Oliver"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Location near the center, very clean apartment and good value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elegant-apartment-new-bazaar-old-town.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it delivers a fully immersive experience. Guests are treated to a suite of amenities including private check-in and check-out, a convenient minimarket for all essentials, and the luxury of free WiFi across the premises. The Rock of Kavaje, a notable landmark, is located 44 km away, while the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is just a 700-meter stroll, making it an ideal spot for culture enthusiasts.

Accommodation at Elegant Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town is nothing short of exceptional. The apartment features a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom stocked with fresh linens and towels, and a living space designed for relaxation. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures entertainment is always at hand. A fully equipped kitchen allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the balcony offers breathtaking mountain views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat in the bustling city.

For those keen to explore local attractions, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a glimpse into Tirana's vibrant culture and history. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Elegant Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town stands out as an accessible and inviting destination for both leisure and business travelers alike.