---\ntitle: "Elegance Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Located in the heart of Korçë, just a stone's throw away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, the Elegance Boutique Hotel stands out for its sophisticated charm and modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450309847.jpg?k=9af4a4559f281e1e482898f5c632ee65dc8a2a84e93e1edf72310c8d458ab226&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elegance-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Nuçi Naçi, 7002 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.624081\n  lng: 20.779843\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 52\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450309847.jpg?k=9af4a4559f281e1e482898f5c632ee65dc8a2a84e93e1edf72310c8d458ab226&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450971210.jpg?k=093f6aafc9516fdf17dd7e31b4acdabcd341b762b180b75af7558c69eb137cc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450971321.jpg?k=42b168a6699fe69e7ca384734f4bc657f247cd16a7b05d2fc3e39992a2674c10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450309902.jpg?k=827f1382c5fccf978a4196cd71db36c63d8584297c1ab89332ff3d196f4015d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450309936.jpg?k=3757f311c5a52faf652775775177ad5653bfbed6ff843ed2e43ff4b10624311c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450309920.jpg?k=0f76cb51b813193e116aa3d9c4451264c4e572bebdc2d36f2ae02f7e9c84483e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Terrace"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gjiro Ana-Maria 2 150 m"\n  - "Chris 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 950 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gentian"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was good and very clean. Now I have my place in Korca for another time when I come.”"\n  - name: "Osmani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This hotel is one of the best I have stayed in Korca. The location is great , a walking distance to everything. The room is modern and so well facilitated, one of the best things is the warmth that the room offers. I will always choose Elegance...”"\n  - name: "Elidon"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Ambient i ngrohte, i paster fhe shume mikprites. Lokacioni po ashtu super.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elegance-boutique-korce.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nInside, the attention to detail is evident. Rooms are not only equipped with a desk, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers, but also feature a flat-screen TV for entertainment at any time of the day. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with bed linen and towels, ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those looking to explore, the Monastery Saint Naum is located an equal distance away, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip. Furthermore, the convenience of Kastoria National Airport being just 70 km away makes the Elegance Boutique Hotel an ideal choice for travelers seeking both comfort and accessibility in Korçë.