---\ntitle: "Eler Hotel"\ndescription: "Eler Hotel, situated a mere 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268413085.jpg?k=b9fd33c6b2172b15a5af0cc47993c40a5abba5010fe12b1f8cb55b9e0d050b21&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eler-hotel\naddress: "Rruga e Durresit, Perballe Gjimnazit \"Qemal Stafa\", 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33237171\n  lng: 19.80587933\nprice: "US$73"\npriceFrom: 73\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 186\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268413085.jpg?k=b9fd33c6b2172b15a5af0cc47993c40a5abba5010fe12b1f8cb55b9e0d050b21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270025799.jpg?k=ee404a8bfb5fb55ac313c6a131b62711ffa7b0a2b05e7090ddcd3b3ec629b3d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270026923.jpg?k=34e6516f2abd281ef58c10ef2028e628efb23ddae8431ed4fcea8bf2e22977f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270025780.jpg?k=7ab0df7e6ee7ee9bf53b8cbe2b1470d53ace3793054bb17bc3017cfb2c95897f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270026880.jpg?k=aa8589af8dc7c6327c7023d8d1fdb05ea8c257202f905333b126b3d3d20c7f09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270018186.jpg?k=70da8c8d38c99a19dc0f2c904e1d919c5db057b42403df3f8ef022f9753fabce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Luxury Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Friends 20 m"\n  - "Turke 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Traveller"\n    country: "Qatar"\n    text: "“Our first hotel in Albania. We liked the room , location and breakfast. All the staff working in the different places were super nice and helpful .”"\n  - name: "Faryd"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“I put up at this hotel 5 days. Very kind, helpful and smiling personel. Clean and calm hotel. Breakfast not good not bad. Location is good. Nearly 20 minutes by walking to the city center.”"\n  - name: "Rocco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Lady behind the bar make the best coffe for breakfast. Staff is well trained, professional and nice”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eler.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuest accommodations at Eler Hotel are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a balcony that presents a captivating view of the cityscape. The inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and the provision of bed linen and towels, further enhances the comfort and quality of the stay. Additionally, the convenience of having a fridge in every room caters to the needs of guests preferring to keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

Located in proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, Eler Hotel stands as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 12 km away, making Eler Hotel an accessible and attractive option for both business and leisure travelers alike.