---\ntitle: "Elisabet Tirana"\ndescription: "Elisabet Tirana emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a tranquil retreat just a stone's throw away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square and a short journey from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/251984751.jpg?k=25558c09b1706a2398696a6f8c7903e5e8e2d797674ad03e069b920e4b88c7d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elisabet-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Mahmut Fortuzi 2, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3344709\n  lng: 19.81876675\nprice: "US$18"\npriceFrom: 18\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 612\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/251984751.jpg?k=25558c09b1706a2398696a6f8c7903e5e8e2d797674ad03e069b920e4b88c7d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158729989.jpg?k=638116e81461ffc542885f46e39acf22e3ee32b80504b36c8dfa8ba38450c1d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161313310.jpg?k=c6d964cd7be9a81fdf56d7135db878503421f8f73172903e4b5b4c7229cd6fa7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158729936.jpg?k=ecc6727bd195ac28af31a43364e4f8045582605b7e508791a3cb240989e3d28f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158217032.jpg?k=bd3a0714633526f941d4ae36140caceef7610ad516d60d734621acd15f879187&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141831106.jpg?k=829e3705885ebf22de0e876e70cca2f60a5b7d5cdeef7722fd64783576600c80&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma Cvaffe 100 m"\n  - "Mozart 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Taryn"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was excellent and very comfortable. The hosts were great.”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I like how close it was to the city center. The whole place is well-organised, nicely tidy and the beds are comfy enough. The owner is quite nice too and came to pick up the payment.”"\n  - name: "Shaun"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean apartment and comfy bed at a superb price, very close to Tirana Central Square (Skandeberg).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elisabet-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex boasts well-appointed units, each featuring air conditioning for comfort, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, toaster, coffee machine, and kettle, caters to the culinary needs of guests, while the dining area offers the perfect setting for meals. Safety is prioritized with the provision of a deposit box, and the shared bathroom facilities include thoughtful touches such as a bidet, slippers, and a hairdryer. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are readily available in each unit.

Guests at Elisabet Tirana can enjoy the casual ambiance of the on-site snack bar, perfect for light bites and refreshments. For those seeking leisure activities, the apartment complex offers darts, and car hire services are available for guests wishing to venture further afield.

Situated in proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, Elisabet Tirana serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the city. The accommodation is conveniently located 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.