---\ntitle: "Elisabeth Apartments 2"\ndescription: "Elisabeth Apartments 2 emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, offering a blend of comfort and convenience just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736661.jpg?k=b874f409d5d8831231a39b50b960e33578ed77e03d6ba7904e675f74b8679ff4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elisabeth-apartments-2\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88388313\n  lng: 19.99983318\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736661.jpg?k=b874f409d5d8831231a39b50b960e33578ed77e03d6ba7904e675f74b8679ff4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736694.jpg?k=b972d132cab89a1e99af1d5a7e1edaf6e3d6a4e3a4ac1f49e0cbd0e5a4919bf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736689.jpg?k=17d40bb34bed74f1e46134910c9d086cf4300895809106bffb285893eb841fe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736681.jpg?k=d0f8c9738ed3b5f9ef7336976be84bdeab7612ee0cce9a72cc2f583cc2ea0ac0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736680.jpg?k=4b4448266f24336a024199033c1fefd486fef9f7141a10f1cf5f136426aa56e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736678.jpg?k=d2cd93fb0589b32ad3abd87ea7c6cbf7ab6da57116a55e899e888c38cb375d54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736704.jpg?k=3b9cd0e64bee627bbd2f4593a38f1a4ba3abe6797437a7d8c4ef4d0d37283a7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736698.jpg?k=8cb24f187f297ed33db0838df08d84e6596377bf7b3a50945809a2823319d385&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446736684.jpg?k=4581bb03946672b5da51b4789aa6e23f82345f91e740aac3586d0197f16905c9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 650 m"\n  - "Ali Pasha 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Galina"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Apartment is big , very clean, quite, nice, new. The host was really friendly, welcoming. He sent me a guide how to find the apartment, that was extremely helpful. Location is great , but you need a car.”"\n  - name: "Fabiano"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“She was very nice with us. The apartment is super spacious and comfortable. Everything working so well.”"\n  - name: "Georgios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The house is very clean and spacious. The owner is pleasant and helpful. He helped us find good beaches and places to eat.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elisabeth-apartments-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nLocated a mere stone's throw from the city's prime attractions, the apartment is 2.8 km from the crystal-clear waters of Saranda Bay Beach and a scenic 18 km drive from the historic Butrint National Park. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Elisabeth Apartments 2 is also conveniently positioned 2.5 km from Sarande Main Beach, making it an ideal base for explorers and beach lovers alike.

The ground-floor apartment boasts an expansive layout with two bedrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, while the fully equipped kitchen caters to home-cooked meals with an oven, fridge, washing machine, and stovetop at guests' disposal. Comfort is not overlooked, as the air-conditioned unit includes a bidet and a dressing room for added convenience. The outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals amidst the tranquil garden setting, offering a perfect backdrop for relaxation.

For those looking to venture beyond, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is located 98 km away, making Elisabeth Apartments 2 an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.