---\ntitle: "Elis apartment"\ndescription: "Elis Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820657.jpg?k=b310cd8b31e7804d51c073b5759727fdf1dbe61a57109caafbcfe276b17280e6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elis-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Murat Terbaci, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4378436\n  lng: 19.49630034\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820657.jpg?k=b310cd8b31e7804d51c073b5759727fdf1dbe61a57109caafbcfe276b17280e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215089964.jpg?k=e2bd389ab5e80ac19631ba9cfa645b517da9d8083e7d306f15faa6384931f679&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820673.jpg?k=718b51049fa6eeb7c4f6087c4ecbb7fac5792fb18318420f371b231b3ec70d18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820670.jpg?k=8a0b5b8a2cf734a67d16eeff77287ba81bee9286621f70abc1df9fb88395ad6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96553526.jpg?k=f2640c704f2d06e523e06433d5653efa6eba39d09894dc606da6ae66d1741839&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96553524.jpg?k=1c9cca46a596c5a89f81e63258cd20da8a404843efa4b88c3b9c91671751c905&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820663.jpg?k=3b99c3bba09950e6f53614ad267b2922324f9b2e6b5a2e86ab25ac21ec6148b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75820677.jpg?k=b71d95f53b9cce020c70e4c631759498720b4c9e2830c8e05976c56cfeba9f01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141510725.jpg?k=49dd8788d22db3fd72a48c2afc22c061bba9274ea1029c94e34cb4bcc1dfad59&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujar 50 m"\n  - "Bujar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 200 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patti"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“It was a very nice apartment and the host was nice and helpful. It was a great place to relax and chill on my own.”"\n  - name: "Žarko"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Apartment have all it needs for a family vacation.”"\n  - name: "Ирена"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Super comfortable apartment, close to the beach, promenade and market. Large parking next to the building. The washing machine does a great job, at least if you have small children like us. We would definitely go again next time.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-with-balcony-onorato-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Elis Apartment are treated to a seamless stay experience, thanks to the provision of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring that both digital connectivity and vehicle security are never concerns. The presence of an elevator and dry cleaning services further elevates the convenience factor, catering to the needs of every guest.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious and well-thought-out living spaces. It features a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, setting the stage for moments of tranquility amidst nature's backdrop. The interior boasts a well-equipped kitchen, a cozy living room for relaxation, cable TV for entertainment, and a comfortable bedroom ensuring a restful night's sleep. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet and shower, alongside an available ironing service, underscores the apartment's commitment to providing a home-away-from-home experience.

For those keen to explore, Elis Apartment serves as an ideal base. The historic Kuzum Baba is located just 3.7 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and heritage. Similarly, Independence Square is within easy reach at 3.9 km, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the vibrant local scene. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 153 km from the accommodation, ensures smooth travel arrangements to and from the property.

Elis Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it a highly recommended stay for visitors to Vlorë.