---\ntitle: "Elite Bay Hotel Lalez Durres"\ndescription: "Elite Bay Hotel Lalez Durres stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury, just a stone's throw away from the serene Lalëz Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367383091.jpg?k=92eb553ef1fdd15a9dd88de3bc9f9ffddeb6532968a057374bfd7611fe55cd01&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elite-bay-hotel-lalez-durres\naddress: "Gjiri Lalezit - Durres, 2015 Lalëz, Albania"\ncity: "Lalëz"\nlocation: "Lalëz"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.53012537\n  lng: 19.51666907\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 240\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367383091.jpg?k=92eb553ef1fdd15a9dd88de3bc9f9ffddeb6532968a057374bfd7611fe55cd01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367386485.jpg?k=263b5042a319efbc926fbdf5a3510c374d3208785cf20b43abe930abe96670ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367386488.jpg?k=f1e0a541d23263d5befd2725121d3720ed52b2f4dde3d283612d393f91fd5c23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367383155.jpg?k=24b8bc9130a96c0f75ce3b6ddbad3cbbbace9a73e75acf5d1c3d961911240c11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370774198.jpg?k=d412acf1314614e209bcfdc488281fc12a211712ba14520d8be89fd4dccffc21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366625814.jpg?k=9dca81b961e1e145f1eeccef10c5add585799633230387b7cb250ab2e49145ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370774170.jpg?k=283905a5158e00018ce99062a622c03b36adee92d97d0480cbc2f523c1fab83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370773947.jpg?k=32888e0a49de4e2a33474b630c396eeed6bd909a7cd8e18ea9b022debb19fc4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367383061.jpg?k=692ab610d3313d89e7def5105fbb5be6b1001da86f4ce5a5fe10f1d48f2c8088&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aqua by Lura Resort 700 m"\n  - "Restorant Ron 1.1 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 200 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 20 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 93 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Omotoke"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were really friendly and helpful. Assisted us in moving around by commuting us in personal car. Thar was a really nice gesture. They made us feel really welcome.”"\n  - name: "Barupp"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The hotel is very nice, it offers a beautiful and quiet pool area, access to a private beach and lovely rooms. We also enjoyed 2 dinners at the restaurant & the food was amazing.”"\n  - name: "Paola"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Location, comfy bed and room, tasty dinner. In general, this is a very good hotel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elite-bay-lalez-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe guest rooms at Elite Bay Hotel Lalez Durres are a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with satellite channels, refrigerators, and kettles. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, equipped with bidets, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, ensuring a comfortable and refreshing stay. Moreover, each room boasts a view of the pool, adding a tranquil backdrop to the well-appointed accommodations. The provision of bed linen and towels further underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

Mornings at Elite Bay Hotel Lalez Durres begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. While the hotel itself offers a peaceful retreat, it also serves as an ideal base for exploring the surrounding area. The Rock of Kavaje and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha are within manageable distances, offering intriguing day trip options. Additionally, the hotel's proximity to Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car invites guests to venture further and experience the local culture and breathtaking landscapes.

Located merely 30 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Elite Bay Hotel Lalez Durres presents a compelling choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and exploration.