---\ntitle: "Elite Palace"\ndescription: "Elite Palace emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164042595.jpg?k=19553c25f373453dc198849efa7486d673632f8f16dc7b0ff0b7cbb043be34b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elite-palace\naddress: "Rruga Alajdin Frasheri, Tirana, Albania, 1040 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32904\n  lng: 19.877773\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 169\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164042595.jpg?k=19553c25f373453dc198849efa7486d673632f8f16dc7b0ff0b7cbb043be34b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236844316.jpg?k=4ac39ebcc5283bee82ebcecb7d8d00dbc9066952e5e03566cc0929716d4357fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226305931.jpg?k=338ff3448086d4186ca7dbe900456b0fd8e368536a9d962ad131d67d043b0907&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236845594.jpg?k=e4569ba0de14e9fed56737b09748e724e83c29baaec06e0f38dbe7456fbc4439&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226308724.jpg?k=58ccfdd2c6d06bcdc41a80f4e20ce264a2d240c719b5821ab009dda52fa46aaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226308779.jpg?k=a960feea9a095e4f731a4b36c0c16bec26b133a1bf09f1adcd3158c3da31d019&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226308744.jpg?k=74ec51fb3c1b21599ab2cc451b8e995cbeda3b316c130b3ae7997e8c36f0c4ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226308726.jpg?k=a7774f38521b799e28553eaa3c75b2aa3a6b2986eb65a43143299e6227330cb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226308736.jpg?k=f038edbbd43664218e28c70f036a10fed792a582096f60db98eec91c2ad83709&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Lokal Dasmash 800 m"\n  - "Crown Bar 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.2 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 3.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 4.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 4.3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 15 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irfan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Breakfast was excellent. As I travelled in off season, there wasnt much variety but still the breakfast was tasty and plenty.”"\n  - name: "Lenka"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very satisfied with the stay in this hotel. Spacious and clean room, comfortable bed, covered parking spaces, tasty breakfast. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is in nice, quiet, uphill neighborhood, good if you have a car and...”"\n  - name: "Hafiz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“There is parking space . Breakfast was good, staff were excellent and overall good value for money 👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elite-palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to service, featuring a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs, including airport transfers and room service, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana.

Accommodations at Elite Palace are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to enjoy the tranquil surroundings. The inclusion of air conditioning and a flat-screen TV in every room ensures a stay that combines relaxation with modern convenience.

Located a short drive from the heart of the city, guests can easily access Skanderbeg Square, situated 6.2 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 6.4 km from the hotel. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 20 km from Elite Palace, making it an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana and its surroundings.