---\ntitle: "Elite Inn"\ndescription: "Elite Inn emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, providing guests with a unique blend of garden and city vistas, just a stone's throw away from the enchanting Vjetër Beach and the historic Independence Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457621567.jpg?k=64102c48744929c6c84552c3a49649f33fc7ec8a501a3b18d8fbb2b7f25bac31&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elite-inn\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46109863\n  lng: 19.47049055\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457621567.jpg?k=64102c48744929c6c84552c3a49649f33fc7ec8a501a3b18d8fbb2b7f25bac31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463484469.jpg?k=4556298e01b694f01764a49516e53e680f2ea9be41222124d35e84a5e9a837ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528295497.jpg?k=43a05da4e34fc02b452762efee382f6e001c2bf9f83b3a97dc4180714826a6dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525229242.jpg?k=9693940e5af09974dc82e2ef91dba84ae05ae480731a58c7e4bb5381960e43c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525229226.jpg?k=77a8d13439c58a3ef4e9534d482eb3b2c27ecef6b3632217327fde0f67d55a6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457621580.jpg?k=a58d0c75d53f39981fad82762ba81f04113d0af2b45eb97a817f2ef6f232491f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (124 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 350 m"\n  - "Vlora, Minimalist 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 450 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adventurer2000"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I Had a great time at Elite Inn,The house is absolute a Gem,There is a huge and beautiful garden with plenty of space ,I was in one of the studio apartments of the Villa I had so much space all was extremely clean,With a big comfortable bed,There...”"\n  - name: "Dior"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Great property. Clean and new rooms. Great Staff. Free parking.The Owners (Bjordi) very friendly and helpful. Beyond expectations ! I recommend it!”"\n  - name: "Nathan"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great room and space, had all the essentials. Bjordi even took me to the bus station and refused to take any money when I checked out which was very nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elite-inn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Elite Inn are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the hassle-free stay experience. The rooms, adorned with balconies, offer tranquil garden views, setting the stage for a peaceful morning or a relaxing evening. The presence of a cable flat-screen TV, a well-appointed kitchen, and a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries cater to the needs of modern travelers. For those who appreciate a good brew, a kettle is provided in every unit, with select rooms further enhancing the stay with terraces and captivating mountain views. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and carefree stay.

Located a mere 3.7 km from the revered Kuzum Baba and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 151 km away, Elite Inn serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Vlorë. Whether it's the allure of the beach or the call of the mountains, Elite Inn offers a perfect retreat for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Albania.