---\ntitle: "eljos house permet"\ndescription: "Eljos House Permet stands out as a serene retreat in the heart of Përmet, offering breathtaking mountain views complemented by modern amenities designed for comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472494359.jpg?k=91da1e49395209af85090a2989db574b183101d846801900afcdc4a5c2b0cdb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eljos-house-permet\naddress: "eljo\"s hous permet, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.2268048\n  lng: 20.3564775\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472494359.jpg?k=91da1e49395209af85090a2989db574b183101d846801900afcdc4a5c2b0cdb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472523921.jpg?k=6d40e8097cd027bd54d5e467a4bfe9790863ec7414faa822a06bff70719a7a13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472527956.jpg?k=f3adb97cb90c91e1bd5e720e8e907abe11fcb69643d3f5923076ccf8bb015472&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472532994.jpg?k=6442980e370e60e90a333e834afc872e5d1e4d4fdc02b0507bdd3c8939ddf1e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472534239.jpg?k=2cac3568ca32c5c54e9bc9f54e7fe2f41abd5ea2de3b71956f9f1e43175dd6e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472494447.jpg?k=fe15f9073a232b2cf488693820c47942ea3ca35b0d23a4ed6b0bc92a60dcbe3d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cabeli 400 m"\n  - "Sky 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 78 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pauline"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Nice room, really clean. The hosts were friendly. Great location !”"\n  - name: "Moa"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“We received a very warm welcome from the owners and they took time to talk to us and answer any questions we had about the area. The room were really clean and comfortable, with a fully equipped shared kitchen. The location was good, a quiet area...”"\n  - name: "Silvia"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Super recomanable! Tot estava molt net i el millor ha estat l'amabilitat de l'anfitrió.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eljos-house-permet-permet.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit at Eljos House Permet is thoughtfully equipped with a range of facilities including a wardrobe, coffee machine, dishwasher, microwave, and safety deposit box. The presence of a flat-screen TV, terrace, and an en-suite bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of luxury to the stay. The inclusion of a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge and kitchenware, ensures guests have everything they need for a self-sufficient stay. Complimentary bed linen and towels underscore the guest house's commitment to comfort.

Families visiting Eljos House Permet will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with children. Additionally, the availability of a bicycle rental service opens up opportunities for guests to explore the surrounding area at their leisure.

Located just 90 km from Ioannina Airport, Eljos House Permet is conveniently accessible for international and domestic travelers seeking a tranquil escape amidst nature. With its combination of stunning views, comprehensive amenities, and a welcoming atmosphere, this guest house promises a memorable stay in Përmet.