---\ntitle: "ELMAR HOTEL"\ndescription: "Elmar Hotel stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, offering guests an exceptional stay mere steps away from the pristine Vlore Beach and the vibrant Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705971.jpg?k=b4e1d9318a0e7fa204ace80374da4935a0011b49d33f4fa5a61c0950552a8d49&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elmar-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9404 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4398437\n  lng: 19.49559521\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 314\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705971.jpg?k=b4e1d9318a0e7fa204ace80374da4935a0011b49d33f4fa5a61c0950552a8d49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705953.jpg?k=6893485261435605a229739f981848db78c3f2d233d3261d515dab9d4d833db9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705770.jpg?k=c1a04b834ba8e9510dd88678539cae24a12144eba6f11e0195495da82fa8fd71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369703110.jpg?k=d754468d9d876cee3fb2501ff00e8e2cb706da8040e048b1a66e7f292a641ef4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705944.jpg?k=95c2198f6096fd9218bf2bea3b39b026a9c5391e8a2a24d768fea91bff40c315&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705518.jpg?k=5c5d52afa98e43ffb248b0312feb4b83006703f244effbdb12048c24094a4099&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343956754.jpg?k=fd4ec6c33c9a3907f696ad15bfec36929504843edca4d9df616a91807059166a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705960.jpg?k=7ec8df4e6dbde7ad2e4848c25a6bad27d837e78f48406f2506c9ace7becca466&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369705946.jpg?k=d04aeaf8845e628bc76f699522aaa999a2abccddf55c7a4dc313696c525c7fe0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria City 20 m"\n  - "Sapori di Casa 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 400 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irina"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Modern design hotel in a perfect location. Comfortable and clean rooms with sea views. Parking available.”"\n  - name: "Ervin_k"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location is very handy. Stuff of the hotel was very friendly. Large room. Very clean.”"\n  - name: "Rebecca"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“After a friendly welcome, we were shown to a large room (more like an apartment!) with beautiful floor to ceiling 180 degree view windows. It was amazing to wake up to a gorgeous view directly of the beach. Breakfast was also good, made to order...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elmar-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering Elmar Hotel, guests are greeted by a dedicated 24-hour front desk, ready to assist with tour arrangements and currency exchange, ensuring a hassle-free experience from start to finish. The shared lounge area serves as a perfect spot for relaxation or mingling with fellow travelers.

The accommodations at Elmar Hotel are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment. Safety is paramount, with each room equipped with a deposit box for personal valuables. The private bathrooms boast a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, adding to the convenience. Select rooms offer captivating city views, and all are furnished with a kettle, crisp bed linen, and soft towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

Located just 2.7 km from the picturesque Vjetër Beach and 3.6 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, Elmar Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the local sights. For guests traveling from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km away, with the hotel offering a paid airport shuttle service for a smooth transition to and from the property.

Elmar Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Vlorë.