---\ntitle: "Elois Luxury Apartment"\ndescription: "Elois Luxury Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263600.jpg?k=9dd265e14ea98503db09fda3e2ba302c816e32aff5be53f7cfd8f172d769dbd0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elois-luxury-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Fatmir Haxhiu Pallati 2, Shkalla 8, Kati 2, Apartamenti 62, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32352235\n  lng: 19.82298742\nprice: "US$66"\npriceFrom: 66\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263600.jpg?k=9dd265e14ea98503db09fda3e2ba302c816e32aff5be53f7cfd8f172d769dbd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263814.jpg?k=01d58edb986860d598e59a6b3aeb845e9ca5bb0fb3e749e84e35b86cd8c3f523&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263517.jpg?k=b1a823c1b56e4a71b58446a517946e673a841c671df963cdbedaf859f489ddbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263482.jpg?k=1b2ecdf832ae249475c25f5022f7f6c56bc90c87b740598fadd8483183a2739e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263585.jpg?k=c085744f3a872c4c318b4da53cc24bb69949ada1df48ad73dc668a9233303bc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263687.jpg?k=f22007f5fb4f28ed22b783baa35a2c620f660e8a68024d7bfade5536e5e9f31b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263645.jpg?k=eb5843b4226aec305b3cbd4b3aa8b44218ad51b7554049aabfb8fc46fef0a0e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518263769.jpg?k=748d4045cfc448555fbb03ad6bc64b5b425a31b27e2f0a9dc6c6b51982fd5a86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517734842.jpg?k=d0e0473d250c3daea106dadc8f11acffb26575e79e0d5f5029b5a5b5cb31d698&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Loffel 40 m"\n  - "La Vita e Bella 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 50 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tatchie"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay at Elois Apartament. Spacious, clean, and fully furnished apartment. Great location. Wonderful host, very helpful, reliable, and available. Would definitely recommend and stay again.”"\n  - name: "Sergio"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The property was close to everything!
Very comfortable, well decorated apartment, equipped with everything you may need whether you are staying for a weekend or long term. Everything was clean and the kitchen has all necessary amenities. The host...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elois-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious and elegant living, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms that promise restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests are never short of viewing options. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, allows for the joy of home-cooked meals, while the convenience of a washing machine underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. The bathroom, featuring a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, highlights the thoughtful touches that make a stay at Elois Luxury Apartment truly exceptional.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's vicinity is dotted with notable landmarks including the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Pyramid of Tirana, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's rich tapestry. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 17 km away, making Elois Luxury Apartment an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.