---\ntitle: "Elvi apartment"\ndescription: "Elvi Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of convenience and tranquility just steps away from the city's cultural heartbeat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492108456.jpg?k=3950bf20ffc5102d01dce98a903b28fbdd04ffbc31afc82c6665f0c86522ecba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: elvi-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ramazan Bogdani 6th floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34117636\n  lng: 19.81788472\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492108456.jpg?k=3950bf20ffc5102d01dce98a903b28fbdd04ffbc31afc82c6665f0c86522ecba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495085.jpg?k=7bebb0ea8ee315b18fd12a81b39deffeabb9afe21349ab549ae85330059a0880&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495132.jpg?k=8c60a79251fe3cee6cc5d7835c149cd822481d008ed21f9e61c00e4408ddf0ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495121.jpg?k=ade665aa63a4c23a7fbcdc99128553d1b2d0e6542c7859682abb188fe6f358e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492108460.jpg?k=ed10120a72b408b7f7ca8e975b1963968c2616a2e8ceb05b59ff734dbce0acf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495104.jpg?k=0792bc98856d5c223c8416955f181102659ee153cd4961ea52152ec652398252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495127.jpg?k=a99d975a0cd2ceb28b01038214241e64aff8e038d7f7cf0e19c6fb6adb9010b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489495094.jpg?k=734ddf1b754620e767ee110220c76512fbbd14f9057e72954bf23445d754c443&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490368122.jpg?k=1e671f04ac1cf60f6a8ffd33e91621ec93e5338503ac0d0c60e01b4f209c1cfa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 300 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Restorant Durrsi 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ron"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Mooi, ruim appartement in het noorden van Tirana. Het gebouw zelf is nog niet helemaal af maar dat doet niks onder voor het appartement zelf. Verder was de verhuurder zeer vriendelijk en behulpzaam, dit alles heeft geleid tot een prettig...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elvi-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, boasting air-conditioned spaces complemented by the modern convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking on the premises. The commitment to a smoke-free environment ensures a fresh and welcoming atmosphere throughout the stay.

Accommodation at Elvi Apartment is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The space features a cozy bedroom, a pristine bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room, and the added convenience of bed linen and towels. The living area is enhanced by a flat-screen TV with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. A fully equipped kitchen and dining area offer the freedom to enjoy home-cooked meals, while the balcony presents serene garden views, inviting guests to relax in the beauty of their surroundings.

For those everyday essentials, the on-site minimarket is a handy addition, ensuring that guests have everything they need right at their fingertips.

Situated a mere 1.9 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and 4.8 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Elvi Apartment serves as a gateway to the city's attractions. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje are also within easy reach. For travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 13 km away makes Elvi Apartment a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.