---\ntitle: "Emanuel's Villa"\ndescription: "Emanuel's Villa emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Tirana, located merely 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981699.jpg?k=309e0ffd076678150da192f14bcaf2eb299699c6d69179a2980697241fa64089&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: emanuel-s-villa\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit 16, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31210742\n  lng: 19.83629786\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981699.jpg?k=309e0ffd076678150da192f14bcaf2eb299699c6d69179a2980697241fa64089&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521980882.jpg?k=9b61132a8aa5117f80581cc39964b7c04fbe69edfe06a86447dab2619a58f136&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981369.jpg?k=b22fe240a4036178aa36ccfbd4cdb119a7976100603572a4782e168d1b0c4289&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981728.jpg?k=76be3a278abcdbdd64d9668d77e528267f53c3d216deccaad1e3597a1b4c0a97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981203.jpg?k=e730f1a9955d7c69c0d5e296c8703f22507d500fdd511af17518d6df7f426aba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491167804.jpg?k=cffd314bd1055a4f32fe5d82f9dd7360276848afa296aeda9e4afeb499162f9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981336.jpg?k=c2c7f5edba2d089a1bd8ba595f2e93df4ba3641565075edcbccfd499ba095b02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521981072.jpg?k=9574fcd11fdd0e0e485b3edc5b6bada650d2ea42e374c572329123727a67be2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521969384.jpg?k=b9b3a5d526e3b603cdc8f4b1a7a55b3d312476253708fa15cb6e2dcf8c8a1121&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Primitivo 100 m"\n  - "Primitivo Wine Cellar 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 700 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Justina"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“For us, it was a perfect location. Unexpectedly huge apartment with a comfy bed and private parking. The owner was very welcoming and helpful. In the end, we extended our stay for an extra day.”"\n  - name: "Jaber"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Absolutely friendly staff, very clean place , all services were included. Price is Fair , super nice location. If you need anything they can organize everything for you . We had a nice stay at this place and we would absolutely come back...”"\n  - name: "Katharina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice guy. Came to fetch us, because the address from booking.com was not correct.
Very helpful with turning the car.
Big appartement. Balcony. Large bathroom. Not too far from the center. .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/quite-apartament-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe villa is strategically positioned, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car just 7.4 km away, offering an easy gateway to one of the area's top attractions, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a short 2.3 km journey. The property is celebrated for its family-friendly accommodations, each boasting a private entrance that ensures guests' privacy and comfort. The rooms are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, washing machines, and kettles, alongside fully equipped kitchens for those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to unwind in the villa's lush garden terrace, offering a peaceful escape from the bustling city life. For those looking to explore further, the Rock of Kavaje is 47 km away, presenting an excellent day trip opportunity, while the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument is conveniently located just 2.1 km from the villa, offering a glimpse into the country's rich history.

Emanuel's Villa is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, all while ensuring guests have a comfortable and memorable stay. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 19 km away, guests will find Emanuel's Villa to be an accessible haven, perfect for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.