---\ntitle: "EME APARTMENTS - Kompleksi San Pietro, Gjiri i Lalzit"\ndescription: "EME APARTMENTS - Kompleksi San Pietro, Gjiri i Lalzit, emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant landscape of Durrës, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477671428.jpg?k=c0e8f11e27df67b9fdd77cb5ce81ed5fe81c14409605b12df7f9ecbeacb5b6ad&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eme-apartments-kompleksi-san-pietro-gjiri-i-lalzit\naddress: "Plazhi San Pietro, Gjiri i Lalzit, Durres., 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.51559928\n  lng: 19.52067783\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477671428.jpg?k=c0e8f11e27df67b9fdd77cb5ce81ed5fe81c14409605b12df7f9ecbeacb5b6ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478943213.jpg?k=f4615053dec0dd33c8b03ed6887b2945681bbb85b6e4f1c2827bcb2370fe26ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478943197.jpg?k=7b7e566a22ea3c229a2b184d60b59355c49358545b7b9c574d6f87df38b2cdf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478945891.jpg?k=e71fb8aae01afa8f48c83f8c50ff4d74aaaef38ec8e7f6372ee10b40c76c2820&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478945922.jpg?k=f2909c274595af44f568ca804350a6a59223dfba3c72a14c9c6996023dff479c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477671331.jpg?k=d68ead81913e7f1b8b1fdcb35e43333442284b3c79fa29598637f9e5086f90c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489163077.jpg?k=f7b45f226b535c993e1000b590bcf8a65a05085e29d2ccf55e10bfbc86b2c72d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479262846.jpg?k=c0230538e8af3f12a2dee0563dade720e9ce41faf1aedfdc0e85b22a1130511d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489163219.jpg?k=3de02284a009c3c79ddd8e5a56caf06b42d9a454ccf3b556668f4d74e78bfd29&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coco Mangos 350 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Toni 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 450 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Besa"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The place was fantastic.The hosts were very helpful and respond within a minute. The apartment was clean and with all the modern facilities inside. The sea was near. All the areas were clean and quite. There were lots of trees. Very good place...”"\n  - name: "Kaltrina"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“It was a cosy, new, comfortable apartment and equiped with great facilities. We loved it.”"\n  - name: "Ajla"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“New apartment, modern,clean and nice. Near the sea. very friendly people”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eme-apartments-kompleksi-san-pietro-gjiri-i-lalzit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at EME APARTMENTS are treated to a seamless blend of modern amenities and natural beauty. Each apartment boasts a private balcony that opens up to soothing garden views, providing a perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening unwind. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with a cozy seating area, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs with a toaster and a fridge. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and a hair dryer, adds to the comfort of the stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit underscores the complex's attention to detail and guest satisfaction.

The allure of EME APARTMENTS is further enhanced by the complimentary amenities it offers. Guests can stay connected and share their experiences with ease, thanks to the free WiFi available throughout the property. The added benefit of on-site parking without any additional charge makes it an ideal choice for travelers arriving by car.

For those looking to unwind without straying too far, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to relax and enjoy a drink. The property's proximity to notable attractions, including the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, provides ample opportunity for exploration and discovery. Additionally, its location just 28 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures convenience for both international and domestic travelers.

EME APARTMENTS - Kompleksi San Pietro, Gjiri i Lalzit, not only promises a stay that is both comfortable and convenient but also offers a gateway to the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Durrës. It stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to enhance the guest experience.