---\ntitle: "EME APARTMENTS - Kompleksi Lura 2 Gjiri i Lalzit"\ndescription: "EME APARTMENTS - Kompleksi Lura 2 Gjiri i Lalzit stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the serene Lalëz Bay Beach and within a reasonable distance from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306713075.jpg?k=3ea0209cc58342d0003e9424a59376c0450ed5135166f955af2b7b98fbefa05b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eme-apartments-kompleksi-lura-2-gjiri-i-lalzit\naddress: "Lura Resort Gjiri i Lalzit, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.509371\n  lng: 19.518938\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306713075.jpg?k=3ea0209cc58342d0003e9424a59376c0450ed5135166f955af2b7b98fbefa05b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111233498.jpg?k=ded2ecc52a4191fd30a31f5d769ed2f79f0869acc2818bcaedde48a2eaa2dfc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204132549.jpg?k=8dcdea553afa18da278cf17f88d4455f3d2fb798adbe256e266cd3b75f17b5bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204132354.jpg?k=3a8e8497f332023d03fa325018c6ad804f3c41dfbb22d18b6c1b901f7cc420db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149894855.jpg?k=a2e6f3b33a9dca0982c2e41909923bd5346d510f5882e2279ff741e025d66028&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463864975.jpg?k=f7e7572e326e85a74da9550bf1b883c9a9ebf999fa82e54906347622b26d1d65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259077292.jpg?k=75dcfe88c8fb075c94e78b6d22651ff4175bf5d72528695186216151b1816e8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148749710.jpg?k=8746385133ca3f1aa9df1edc265e0e7dfd8bc22e1f8e0b80414dd93b2a62a953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463865507.jpg?k=146b9d579da5fda846d8db189daec9926fac8fda42064e45a2d205d08f363c9d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Agasi 300 m"\n  - "Triumf 2 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 350 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The apartment has everything you need for a family vacation. The owner is very polite and helps with everything. The location is perfect, market, coffee bars all in the near.”"\n  - name: "Kateryna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Incredibly beautiful place, wonderful apartments. Very comfortable beds, air conditioning in every room, quiet and peaceful. apartments near the sea and restaurants. Incredibly beautiful coniferous trees and wonderful sea air make this place special.”"\n  - name: "Luan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, close to the beach, the host was very responsive and allowed us to check in earlier, there is a supermarket few meters away that makes thing very easy with small kids, etc”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eme-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments are designed with families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that open up to private balconies. The heart of each apartment is its fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, stovetop, and all necessary kitchenware, alongside a dining area for enjoyable family meals. The living spaces are complemented by flat-screen TVs for entertainment, while the private bathrooms come with the added convenience of a bidet. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or snacks, the complex houses its own minimarket, adding an extra layer of convenience to your stay. While the allure of the beachfront might be hard to leave, guests interested in exploring the area will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje within driving distance, offering unique experiences and breathtaking views of the Albanian landscape. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 28 km away, makes EME APARTMENTS an ideal choice for both international travelers and those looking to explore the rich culture and beauty of Durrës and its surroundings.