---\ntitle: "Emerald Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Emerald Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195443290.jpg?k=fa3a324e425ce97e3c35d71714dc76bcb7a2304417bc3b997239a17753b3adcf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: emerald-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa nr. 458, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33529971\n  lng: 19.83677344\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 115\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195443290.jpg?k=fa3a324e425ce97e3c35d71714dc76bcb7a2304417bc3b997239a17753b3adcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197635172.jpg?k=929cd5bddd3e85b9d693ad39680e530ed8e15a21f7c2747d3bd79f6d2a480ab5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197632866.jpg?k=6e5ebb1d000e207dfe6f37db2bd8c45a83ef8cb712c7b48f9565688d39a8ca22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197632618.jpg?k=e936ed9bdb1ec6e4deaedfd8554130064b8d5720e707fb746ac3ce1bf7db224b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197631450.jpg?k=84ca51f85558c8d9ebdb59c618611e4faf7c31fb7fcdf2834571a4e36083018d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198724463.jpg?k=73488e3325faa78cb7e51a7146ca9ef12789d1dc2d907bd51543a6fd07357f2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225387060.jpg?k=ceb4b5638785f48e393bbd1a68e34a9455091a543465135e0f4442fd7d752f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197636115.jpg?k=d37e05550488788e5ddff1a9809ca61833d2f98d5fa8b8aef001643fb961743f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225386916.jpg?k=162e3db9c2ac3ca9262e95c671d142a9a996cf2ff501d699ef6dfa81a2933e14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Queen Room with Balcony"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Piceri Xhomlliku 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "André"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It’s a very nice and beautiful hotel in Tirana with any amenities you’ll need. Nice rooms, a balcony overlooking the street, a good desk to work on, and a very nice bathroom and comfortable bed. The surrounding area has nice restaurants, and...”"\n  - name: "Κωστακιτση"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“It was really nice, clean and comfortable. The breakfast was really great and the staff was really helpful and kind!!!”"\n  - name: "Viktória"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Best staff ever , Mira from reception are the best Nothing was to much to ask Very good location . Few step away you havr a supermarket and pharmacy Many coffee shops around”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/emerald-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Emerald Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting captivating city views that add a touch of elegance to the stay.

Mornings at the hotel are greeted with a delightful buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk, where a multilingual staff is ready to assist with any needs, speaking both English and Italian fluently.

For art enthusiasts, the National Arts Gallery lies just 2.3 kilometers away, making it an easy addition to the day's itinerary. When it's time to depart, guests appreciate the hotel's convenience to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 18 kilometers away, ensuring a smooth transition to their next destination.

Emerald Boutique Hotel not only offers a comfortable stay but also serves as a gateway to the cultural and historical treasures of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for discerning travelers.