---\ntitle: "EMOJI house"\ndescription: "EMOJI House emerges as a gem in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location close to notable landmarks such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805561.jpg?k=6a2dd0fdcc00a86419dbefb0645ef5386b77a5c227816f19c8fc76802ec75b92&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: emoji-house\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32446966\n  lng: 19.79853032\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805561.jpg?k=6a2dd0fdcc00a86419dbefb0645ef5386b77a5c227816f19c8fc76802ec75b92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805735.jpg?k=f113a2ffe06617c5bba83c211557c1c1c0f587a384463bd3fcbc83db0eb41156&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805785.jpg?k=c3c5c0470ca4d1c49f26db45dfd52c819194f65ff1ade6e9693cee4ae1a6cee9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805700.jpg?k=fd6f7700e077f0334a8bb129a83e73451757285f8694c3dfcbea1e4153fd249d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805806.jpg?k=604052558be612989e60794651d4867328ec2ad71ed9be86a2b975505f83cbc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522160509.jpg?k=bc53ef7b2ac7f1a019f4d04145717d2482e78ebe7185fd72f509f66c87310dab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805813.jpg?k=991687a4f47863ff1e9072836ef658c1882eb3a9314c2da1b369539fb1a11e57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805790.jpg?k=1d64939d1d7c6e3ee24df51eecd87825f7ad04c8406e789de79c9bd397d32fa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483805623.jpg?k=11aa4f681058167849c80529064dbd4a41edc3ec9e3a0d2d8266642fe8dc7e10&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Korçare 100 m"\n  - "Vila Korca 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/emoji-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests stepping into EMOJI House are greeted by a tastefully decorated space that combines comfort with convenience. The air-conditioned apartment features a cozy bedroom, a sleek flat-screen TV, and a dining area perfect for enjoying meals. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to all culinary needs with a microwave among other essentials, while the living room provides a relaxing retreat. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

EMOJI House prides itself on being a non-smoking and soundproof property, offering peace and privacy. For those looking to explore the city or venture further, the apartment facilitates airport transfers and provides a bicycle rental service, making transportation a breeze.

For everyday needs, a minimarket on the premises adds to the list of conveniences, ensuring guests have everything they need at their fingertips. Located just 2.5 km from Skanderbeg Square and a short distance from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, EMOJI House serves as an ideal base for exploring Tirana. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently 13 km away, making arrivals and departures smooth and stress-free.

EMOJI House stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and access to Tirana's rich cultural tapestry.