---\ntitle: "Eni Apartments Tirana"\ndescription: "Eni Apartments Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of home in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495664614.jpg?k=0accb6a5ef11b78ab03620cf02efb77e57b35716303b25f8ed70eb320ab520d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eni-apartments-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Alqi Kondi, Kombinat 2nd Floor, 1027 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32058427\n  lng: 19.77081455\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495664614.jpg?k=0accb6a5ef11b78ab03620cf02efb77e57b35716303b25f8ed70eb320ab520d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494308219.jpg?k=ec2e9b1dac2feaba89d02e47ffa8168e648d308b14db6d983ebcca93cedeaa78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494309062.jpg?k=625087aae6845584091643b89eb6407914e782e99d78434e539ca96900e33c92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494307978.jpg?k=1ec0a8c81bf5fff4b2065358238937297a7f7c537950b2d0db9f14eada1b9dfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494308048.jpg?k=c788f89700ab7f182b4faea06f00ee40d47258881bb66d0349e1fb0416263b92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494309260.jpg?k=c0d2294f85c21c7bd5d028945025383c847db923b438d494a5f94f021afcade4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494308638.jpg?k=67601162fe392fa509ba9d851545943de95f1a3f6b371bbac48bafd3cee6a33a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494309111.jpg?k=feb9893a129cd7fe27e537ef92c877afdd1cd67a33cab14ace8b477e144b99fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492126603.jpg?k=83bea8a68bcf4aa98f53c2b9e9cd703bc9d62b7bff588f5edd0ede4176bbae5c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zest 200 m"\n  - "Paris 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 950 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eni-apartments-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and comfortable throughout their visit. A highlight is the terrace, which provides a serene setting for morning coffees or evening relaxation, boasting a balcony that offers tranquil garden views.

Accommodation at Eni Apartments Tirana is designed with guests' comfort in mind. The air-conditioned holiday home features a spacious bedroom, a living area with a cozy seating arrangement, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, the convenience of a washing machine adds to the home-away-from-home experience. The bathroom is well-appointed with modern fixtures, including a bidet, a bath, and a shower, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

For those keen on exploring, the property's location serves as an ideal launchpad. Rinia Park and Reja - The Cloud are within easy reach, less than 5 km away, offering cultural insights and leisure activities. The House of Leaves, a significant historical site, is also nearby, just 4.5 km from the holiday home. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 13 km away, making Eni Apartments Tirana an accessible and attractive option for both short and extended stays in Tirana.