---\ntitle: "Eni Apartment"\ndescription: "Eni Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Currila Beach and a short stroll from the vibrant Kallmi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131674.jpg?k=fd238d22a0184e85eb4685debe79d4f85923ff028c3efb1b63927c2a9f7aae0a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eni-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Adrianet, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31279916\n  lng: 19.43822411\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131674.jpg?k=fd238d22a0184e85eb4685debe79d4f85923ff028c3efb1b63927c2a9f7aae0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400789899.jpg?k=e99f9c5564c8a4f735f85290cd606df3e43b82745b5e04ab1923ba219bd43d4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400789909.jpg?k=07c5f2410c6feace67dc8a91d86200eb758b1b0fdb44abfd3d7c49627c899606&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131644.jpg?k=c6368784b73a4b44cdd68e57c856fe40415304995cb9f465417e15de49a360e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131653.jpg?k=e8535241ed2145f67c94855ce55e39c64eeb7fbcaa89711b9f0541915682e8d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404685954.jpg?k=e1518841ece8479baa44fdcbcba6059d12a62ab8edf926185af8ba8877518a26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131733.jpg?k=60d4feb976ff00a8dde7f362283355d2892ffa3fa3c4d6885db33c76aefcdd44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400789894.jpg?k=f8ee7384108de6984bac6b8366555a350b7324dc4c6c709099b295eb0fbbb2ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407131887.jpg?k=977887bf54be8df0ccdfdce8d3376eb1d5bff2a6b76e28e6c1c78b2b1031f398&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marvi 150 m"\n  - "Badriklo 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 250 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 800 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 400 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 850 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 950 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ella"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Is close to Vollga, when you can find amazing restaurants and coffee shops with amazing sea view. When you can find a relaxing sunset and enjoying a glass of wine and really tasty food. Having long and wonderful walks.”"\n  - name: "Gledis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Highly recommended. A great place to stay. The apartment was nice, clean and comfortable. Comfy beds and everything was clean and organized. The hosts were very friendly and helped me for everything I needed to know to spend a great time in...”"\n  - name: "Emi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We loved it!The apartment is in a great location to explore the city and it was near the sea.
It’s has facilities, everything in apartment was new. It has air conditioning,clean and comfortable room.
Everything was perfect, location,structure...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-durres4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. It is thoughtfully designed with a separate bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that comes fully equipped with modern appliances including a toaster and a fridge. The convenience of an air-conditioned space is complemented by a bathroom that features a walk-in shower, alongside a bidet and a dressing room, ensuring a comfortable stay. Guests can also enjoy captivating city views from the comfort of their apartment.

For those looking to unwind with a drink, the property hosts an on-site bar. Additionally, Eni Apartment facilitates exploration and adventure by offering a car rental service, making it effortless for guests to discover the surrounding area.

Located 2.7 km from the tranquil West End Beach and 40 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, Eni Apartment serves as an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration. For guests traveling to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 34 km away, the apartment provides a convenient paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience. Eni Apartment stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their stay in Durrës.