---\ntitle: "Enki's Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Enki's Guesthouse emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Tirana, located just a stone's throw away from the city's vibrant attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466934338.jpg?k=1d0a7ab63a280aa0c6519be1af9e95f9882171958d0e4e3f8a9ca15d77c4e25f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: enki-s-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa Pall. Geda 1/B4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33309747\n  lng: 19.82948049\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466934338.jpg?k=1d0a7ab63a280aa0c6519be1af9e95f9882171958d0e4e3f8a9ca15d77c4e25f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510447037.jpg?k=5f2982e529f00a5a2263baed3deaf2f2b8d29732f58fc9e9ee87f3b272af0a57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469268621.jpg?k=8252e27b1ccff0a03adab0b7643fdca57fa8f205840de9a2c6e3840ba968fb4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474855671.jpg?k=0472412fe45258f9c65e73aed0ab6809c7b5c869d8c42f376b36b78de8047d15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469269935.jpg?k=9627ad3726d8651898cebe8ce03cb78b74e3d1ee8bead8af1a0ac19d9af3e57e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466934398.jpg?k=4018c92a1197c0270dd9ce0e119cf6bda508525ae85368b2ced2846c01ed797c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Korani 6 m"\n  - "A Tavola 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Enki really is an exceptional host, she cannot do enough for her guest. Great location, very clean. Would definitely recommend.”"\n  - name: "Tarik"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Great location, clean, comfortable and Enki is a very kind and helpful host.”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Great location, 15 minutes on foot to the main town area. Enki is such a superb host, she really makes you feel welcome and comfortable right off the bat, and her hospitality doesn't stop. Amazing breakfast, I absolutely loved the salad with...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/enkis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe guesthouse prides itself on offering well-appointed units, each equipped with essential amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests can expect to find a wardrobe, a desk, and a kettle in their rooms, alongside the convenience of a shared bathroom that comes with a bidet and hair dryer. The highlight, however, is the complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected throughout their stay.

Morning risers are greeted with a delightful breakfast selection that caters to various tastes, featuring local specialties, fresh pastries, and fruits. For added comfort, breakfast can be enjoyed in the privacy of one's room. The guesthouse also boasts a cozy coffee shop, perfect for leisurely mornings or afternoon breaks, and offers the option of packed lunches for guests planning a day out exploring.

For those keen on discovering Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, Enki's Guesthouse is ideally positioned near several of the city's most sought-after attractions. A short stroll away lies the historic Tanners' Bridge, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a blend of cultural and retail experiences. Additionally, sightseeing tours are readily available, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Enki's Guesthouse serves as a perfect base for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in Albania's captivating capital.