---\ntitle: "Ensar aparatament's"\ndescription: "Ensar Apartment stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a short 300-meter stroll from the serene Saranda Bay Beach and a mere 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451990842.jpg?k=7d0aa22374eb924ae6a8717d5e042f820bdd74aa17374e858ebc4ae3ff047ea5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ensar-aparatament-s\naddress: "Saranda, AL - Corfu, GR, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87772974\n  lng: 19.98336741\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451990842.jpg?k=7d0aa22374eb924ae6a8717d5e042f820bdd74aa17374e858ebc4ae3ff047ea5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462143890.jpg?k=beaa9afdb30a6e5b0f6cb91f991d1f97b33e85cd77d92b9ee47ac5c20b3d9a03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457052902.jpg?k=eec16cf678a1fa4a3679d2340925dce803d5801d1118759cad259133e6839762&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462143262.jpg?k=34e625122923311d1015e1499af26ce9e8c5259c6122d8d6dbcb286995ba5b9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462144747.jpg?k=21b72856d69b5e13d6f0b41754f33100eb00b4c14adb908c084449e72e9cf583&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462148170.jpg?k=761d6f420b48c2c0d1524e4906be2ded2b2eacaa274661b4cba5e1f76afbc347&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462144043.jpg?k=f5ebd34146154ab3688b1c2d64a7b2bbb954de4c556db4cb7d214ceb118623b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457052701.jpg?k=285c229ba09e51e71b8919bf5f45c48d541cff4e8dd0fc872ba29f1c8682a4e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462150729.jpg?k=054995e136c8ebbe7367e58d2fd0d5dcc93d48a9d75f1b610a5d847e319a6428&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kozi Bistro 150 m"\n  - "Siro Beach 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 200 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 900 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Selma"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The owners are kind and friendly. I had complete freedom, like at home. The apartment is fully equipped, nothing is missing and it is very clean. The location is perfect for all those who come for the beach and the sea, because just 2 minutes...”"\n  - name: "Brisilda"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Apartment with excellent quality/price, 2 minutes walk from what is the most beautiful beach in Saranda, far from the chaos of the city but not very far by car, in fact, just 10 minutes away you arrive quietly.
The owner is always very helpful and...”"\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Beautiful and welcoming owner a very good person”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ensar-aparataments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring a single bedroom that promises a restful night's sleep, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the art of cooking, and a bathroom that caters to the essentials with ease. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Moreover, guests are treated to delightful garden views, adding a touch of tranquility to their stay.

For those intrigued by the natural beauty and historical richness of the area, Butrint National Park lies just 19 km away, offering an escape into Albania's storied past and breathtaking landscapes. Additionally, the convenience of Ioannina Airport, located 99 km from Ensar Apartment, facilitates ease of travel to and from this charming destination.

Ensar Apartment emerges as a standout accommodation, providing a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of nature's beauty, making it an ideal choice for those venturing to the picturesque town of Sarandë.