---\ntitle: "Enxhi's apartment"\ndescription: "Enxhi's Apartment emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the city's most captivating landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117866.jpg?k=f01f9a91b3aa14a89e07a11555f9777b780b1778e5b528ce4dfd3a75734cd481&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: enxhi-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Perlat Rexhepi, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31820005\n  lng: 19.81649613\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117866.jpg?k=f01f9a91b3aa14a89e07a11555f9777b780b1778e5b528ce4dfd3a75734cd481&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117804.jpg?k=721e3f937352c2a8a36c505f2152922c971af0402054787eac0a8c988f7fa240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498118266.jpg?k=f94ec59f22ca7e9a41ff0f81e14e630eb4807e10c55e7906d026af0e3fa4c580&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117697.jpg?k=9e986d07142fa49c0297de6f67a54249afe617dbe2bf736f1b070871fbe84f42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117826.jpg?k=e3f8a94a1a1ef1fd6d1de3f7e95ae06cd09dfd7c2f422223aedcf21744b77a36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117845.jpg?k=5f5c82ae3f9e455ec8511d792d406590ca393503f1c0b17edba24dffa2a4598a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117886.jpg?k=42481156a91c176c72498b2459743f742bf785d6f204486a0856d2cca2564030&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117911.jpg?k=13565505a4e059bc506976126c429c3da1680f7c54f55f9dca10cac89b970acb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498117926.jpg?k=3a03525af4258299cc24e17e436d600152752cec55c6559f33840928218522c5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Paskali 10 m"\n  - "Taverna e Kasapit 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Super Unterkunft. Gastgeberin sehr freundlich. Hat uns empfangen und den Schlüssel übergeben. Kommunikation 1A. Schnelle Antworten und hilfbereit. Zentrale Lage im Stadtteil Blloku. Ein Supermarkt Spar direkt vor der Tür. Sowie Friseur Restaurant...”"\n  - name: "Ina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L’appartamento era bellissimo, tutto perfetto, vicino bar restoranti negozi. La ragazza molto gentile risponde sempre alle domande”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione ottima, appartamento nuovissimo e accogliente con tutti i servizi”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/enxhis-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious sanctuary, boasting a balcony that offers tranquil street views, perfect for those seeking a peaceful escape amidst the city's hustle and bustle. With two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that comes complete with an oven and microwave, guests are ensured a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a hotel. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds an extra layer of convenience.

Privacy is paramount at Enxhi's Apartment, with a private entrance that guarantees guests their own secluded space. The property's commitment to comfort is further underscored by the availability of free WiFi throughout, ensuring that connectivity is never an issue.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, the apartment's location serves as an ideal base. Attractions such as Rinia Park, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the House of Leaves are within easy reach. Moreover, the iconic Skanderbeg Square is just 1.4 km away, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.

Noteworthy sites in the vicinity also include the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's diverse heritage and contemporary art scene. For travelers, the convenience of having Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away makes Enxhi's Apartment a compelling choice for both short stays and longer visits.

In summary, Enxhi's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of local flavor in their Tirana accommodations.