---\ntitle: "Epirus Hotel"\ndescription: "The Epirus Hotel stands out for its prime beachfront position, offering guests the luxury of stepping straight from their elegantly appointed, air-conditioned rooms or studios onto the soft sands of the beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190770845.jpg?k=aaf06b010a4a123bd7fd782b713987733a3bd9d8c2d2e8ca1bf6b26781465b3c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: epirus-hotel\naddress: "Mitat Hoxha 2, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87138\n  lng: 19.99474436\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 315\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 7.7\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190770845.jpg?k=aaf06b010a4a123bd7fd782b713987733a3bd9d8c2d2e8ca1bf6b26781465b3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190759001.jpg?k=2829d582d055634836fdeaa27d7458e6c9f12ee4ed9558af1e214b299f273f5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190761186.jpg?k=a9c6001f9d402fa557c202e44bc15555c55e90f30f64ce85a4a90bdb987f4879&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301510469.jpg?k=33fd156f88477e50c4d0fd0d03f94a5c11d2ed90c8ed72fb2f58625875c65e4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301509531.jpg?k=7a3c433ab5b9cea288ec0dd573ab694ad5cd88882a75248a05a3b7e1cdf96876&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190761795.jpg?k=20969c2a7d8b5efdd918eeb1079264cbefc53538131c93ad8e4c894f541fbafb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Kasandro 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Joni 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 40 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Deepanraj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The view for the balcony is beautiful. Had best time in the private beach Delicious breakfast with beach view is the highlight.”"\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Location is excellent to navigate through the city and of course first line to the beach is amazing. Personal was professional, and always avalible to assist with any issue. The room was very clean. We liked food in the hotel's restaurant.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Epirus was great! In a slightly quieter area, but I liked that because it made the private beach a bit more relaxed. Super convenient grocery right across the street. The property is lovely and my room was wonderful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/epirus.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nA standout feature of this hotel is its inviting terrace, where guests can unwind under the natural shade of straw umbrellas. This spot becomes even more appealing with the hotel's restaurant nearby, ready to tantalize your taste buds with an array of traditional Albanian and Italian dishes.

For those who like to have essential amenities within easy reach, the Epirus Hotel does not disappoint. A mere 30 meters away, guests will find a supermarket for all their needs, while a bakery and pharmacy are just a short 100-meter stroll. Explorers eager to delve into the local culture will appreciate the proximity to the Sarandë Museum in the town center, located just 1 km from the hotel.

Transportation is conveniently accessible, with the local bus station about 500 meters away, making exploration beyond the hotel's immediate surroundings a breeze. The Sarandë Ferry Port, situated 800 meters from the hotel, offers adventurous guests the opportunity to venture to the Island of Corfu, with Ioannis Kapodistrias Airport just a 45-minute boat ride away.

In summary, the Epirus Hotel presents a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion. Its thoughtful amenities and strategic location make it an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration.