---\ntitle: "Eraldo Brahimi Apartaments"\ndescription: "Eraldo Brahimi Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295572086.jpg?k=1d90b57196280ebecd425c8c81078ab9b1be922f21bcd54817e586a2ce36c8d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eraldo-brahimi-apartaments\naddress: "Road Tafil Buzi 88, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77317416\n  lng: 20.00972617\nprice: "US$18"\npriceFrom: 18\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 187\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295572086.jpg?k=1d90b57196280ebecd425c8c81078ab9b1be922f21bcd54817e586a2ce36c8d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416669671.jpg?k=d259c892d14b74ab39d107dc94c5897d888e0b125fc9aa04e2bfe140a3f7fbd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461881416.jpg?k=ad71343ffd3754b48aadc41a55237ee5385d1d2339448f4769e4661d4e9f711c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461881417.jpg?k=23f72c80b642e5630907d63f09c09fa83bb8e5662d390006913e8671a398aa1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441494049.jpg?k=9ccc4038ae019ddfef017b826a6da34da2e377a848caab5f065b7da584fef098&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416669670.jpg?k=1fa2e80f26694f19c83aa489719a5f2d3aa2a8c56856ab61bb3f4748af81a23c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 100 m"\n  - "Fe & Fa 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1,000 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Małgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Calm area, comfortable bed, fridge, possibility to cook”"\n  - name: "Sicheri"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“position was great. Apartment was great, super comfortable bed.”"\n  - name: "Afrodeezyyak"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Clean a very cosy apartment. Eraldo's mom was very nice and friendly even though she doesnt speak any English. Eraldo speaks good English and was also very friendly and helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tafil-buzi-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Eraldo Brahimi Apartments are treated to a serene garden and a welcoming terrace, enhancing the sense of escape. The promise of exceptional service is fulfilled with room service and meticulous housekeeping, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and carefree. Each apartment is a haven of relaxation, featuring air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and the essential free WiFi, catering to the needs of the modern traveler.

The living spaces are thoughtfully designed, boasting balconies that offer picturesque garden views, cozy seating areas for unwinding, satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment, and fully equipped kitchens for those who enjoy the art of cooking. The inclusion of an oven and fridge adds a touch of home, while private bathrooms with bidets ensure privacy and convenience. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels, making for a hassle-free stay.

For guests who prefer the intimacy of a home-cooked meal, the option to grill on the barbecue is a delightful addition, offering a perfect way to end the day under the stars.

Explorers will find Sunset Beach within easy reach, just 1 km away, offering another spot for relaxation and sunbathing. The allure of nature is nearby at Butrint National Park, located just 3.4 km from the apartments, presenting an opportunity for adventure and discovery. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the gateway, situated 93 km from the serene retreat of Eraldo Brahimi Apartments.

In summary, Eraldo Brahimi Apartments stands as a testament to the beauty of Ksamil, offering guests a comfortable, convenient, and memorable stay.