---\ntitle: "Eri Apartments"\ndescription: "Eri Apartments stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Flamingo Beach and within easy walking distance of Mango Beach and Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408044654.jpg?k=1185928cba34616d3559110afdb60a5d93bbbe8bdb9da648eb8ecdb799cb719f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eri-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85432356\n  lng: 20.02222124\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 132\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408044654.jpg?k=1185928cba34616d3559110afdb60a5d93bbbe8bdb9da648eb8ecdb799cb719f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408038852.jpg?k=65721708c0bb6390c8a8a0d6dedea1bbcc4bb40a264c88ebb3c458346b1950d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408042040.jpg?k=41a80aff5461dc3fc0c0e68191abe48a0be274789243b708d2481209ca2e2d2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408039691.jpg?k=6f8d068a504de1a442b1cda76f78223116e19177abfa3666dcb4071b7467ff5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331663629.jpg?k=698192e2dd86710b4bc2ba05459d1b79dff871eb91811bdcf3c0359eb7e02ee8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408041382.jpg?k=1334025870cd11ba296b3f45a22b659233c9c8e8a73bd0e1d03b7e27910bb00b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408038857.jpg?k=5b6441b5ad2f58cb08759d97c77e27d849cf43cd71670715411490865942e039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408038833.jpg?k=cfaab6070fef3e81146afcf7de0cf077807a1fcefe1180c4d586b463a0c0a09f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331663718.jpg?k=60d49565ecb2aacfd99151505df2b958cf8d23c86e130528d0d975a0fe28f80c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Tradicionale 40 m"\n  - "Fish House 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 450 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 550 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Flores"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The room is really big and clean. The views are amazing facing the sea. Supermarket really close”"\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Apartment was very comfortable, clean and neat, providing everything you need for everyday life. Awesome terrace with amazing sea view, good AC, 6 minutes walking to Mango beach. Wifi was good enough for remote work. In case we needed anything we...”"\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“These apartments are spacious and have everything you need for an extended stay. Spacious terrace and large kitchen. Beach nearby.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eri-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to accommodations that blend functionality with comfort. Each apartment is air-conditioned and features a private entrance, setting the stage for an exclusive retreat. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed, offering balconies for soaking in the surroundings or, in select units, terraces that elevate the experience with stunning sea views. The heart of each apartment, the fully equipped kitchen with an oven, invites guests to feel at home, while conveniences like a flat-screen TV, washing machine, and private bathrooms equipped with showers and hair dryers add to the ease of the stay. The attention to detail extends to the provision of kettles in all units, alongside bed linen and towels, ensuring every need is met.

For those looking to explore beyond the comfort of Eri Apartments, the historic allure of Butrint National Park awaits just 13 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich past. Further afield, Ancient Fanoti is 47 km away, promising an adventure for history enthusiasts. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is located 97 km from the property, making Eri Apartments an accessible escape for both domestic and international travelers.

Eri Apartments emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a serene beachfront stay in Sarandë, where the beauty of the Albanian Riviera can be enjoyed in comfort and style.