---\ntitle: "Erida’s Apartment"\ndescription: "Erida's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of a central location in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469025594.jpg?k=bc649544ae99fab6f01ca44dafaa206e86264aef02b4c3c615f4f8e2bafe3971&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: erida-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Manastirit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33861169\n  lng: 19.8389317\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469025594.jpg?k=bc649544ae99fab6f01ca44dafaa206e86264aef02b4c3c615f4f8e2bafe3971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431247170.jpg?k=2d1d01b315fa094c68c8f6938f2d6e7406bcf6ad237dfdc381ffc3085ffe5e5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431247650.jpg?k=534125d318b1ad29ec6c9e94ac4c6e03161f897d627c15c476c99d3bbd6d8cdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428249953.jpg?k=1d148c51c71bbc85c62923632832ad6e5925dd827c1bdce57b3d9204b122329e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039556.jpg?k=b339bfeb2e619cd00c4336695c40395e349c521b0d9aada28f56f7d07b767d2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428249315.jpg?k=b6b378acdd93209f0ca9078a2be34d351211766d1c39578418e4447d1c808dbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039462.jpg?k=98f6dd75d5ab2060f5c1e2ae7578073f923ad6d6782c8dc1d92f09d0891172c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496038927.jpg?k=3964036a8bfcf3a634165cf2b26a8c0bacd497b423a850049a86ce65e1f47e3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496039336.jpg?k=5bdcfeed7538893396bab37fc68c243a817bfea57c24fecbcb9e2d8b512ef665&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (70 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Ija 150 m"\n  - "Restorant Alteo 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Soufiane"\n    country: "Morocco"\n    text: "“The design is great.
The owner was very nice.
The apartment is well isolated and no heating with AC was needed.”"\n  - name: "Aldo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was perfect and clean apartment. The host was perfect person!”"\n  - name: "Ergys"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very comfortable, spacious and fancy apartment with a smooth self check in process. You can find parking there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eridas-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a living experience. With a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a well-appointed kitchen stocked with modern appliances such as an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, guests can enjoy the comforts of home while on the road. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with satellite channels ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals with a view.

The attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The property prides itself on being non-smoking, catering to the health and well-being of its guests. Located just over 2 kilometers from Tanners' Bridge and close to the Toptani Shopping Centre, Erida’s Apartment offers both tranquility and the convenience of city living. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 16 kilometers away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Erida's Apartment is more than just a place to sleep; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and scenic beauty of Tirana, all while offering the comforts and conveniences of modern living.