---\ntitle: "Eriks studio with amazing sea view"\ndescription: "Eriks Studio with Amazing Sea View stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience on the beachfront of Sarandë, offering guests an unparalleled experience of relaxation and leisure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475171934.jpg?k=3f5f8b036dd707698a33859cd34586c787dd4bd934f6d66dfbbe38139eeface3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eriks-studio-with-amazing-sea-view\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, Lagjja 4, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87236195\n  lng: 19.99522025\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475171934.jpg?k=3f5f8b036dd707698a33859cd34586c787dd4bd934f6d66dfbbe38139eeface3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375719045.jpg?k=550967dbf986a860b7bdb6534910d867f0ab85b9c40e81b7ae087444cf9af805&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313868592.jpg?k=c6f07bc00f1d203d6d9908b787352e87b35af3615622c9d8fa911f7d97e7dba8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373443373.jpg?k=14f7956148c419d0eabef47a209c19d184a4e163579ae0a5140f950e1b611f65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379396922.jpg?k=4465c6e248ccde54f2e420bbaa2083f5e637d87147fbc25e646259b1b6c9a12a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473060273.jpg?k=3c72f8808c1f3b71f7cbf36d745475b365ccc72451b4e49cc376635754a7be1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313865928.jpg?k=a7c7437f65afd7ce1e522e3ecfc5f9686938b8b399861f264bfd200efdac2f86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322184148.jpg?k=7c44290373a17d532db34f69c15446a187158c325eda0e0b546b34acab8446a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481157371.jpg?k=0d10c17a9b7a381d60f3e1c1762ddc4158b091e02fd59d410250a5b813a59469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480995184.jpg?k=55ac3f542fe6f568b6cb05c58702b859b8a066d83e72b382f7a68c8f35dda03e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480871021.jpg?k=b0e7255949a673668312b744478fa7daa337051f8a9ec3c99b085f308c521dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338095707.jpg?k=3cebd417f7a2c2ab3a6a741327122927b58e231f5e6fc7a798e59ba4915892e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oxhaku Saranda 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lacramioara"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The location has a dream view, you can see one of the beaches of Saranda and the sea. The location is very close to supermarkets, bakeries, everything you need. The beach we went to is on the seafront and it is 900m to the apartment, perfect for...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Absolutely everything, it was wonderful. I am very satisfied with the apartment and very grateful to the wonderful staff!”"\n  - name: "Dirk"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The Apartment is absolutely great! The studio is large modern and very clean. The kitchen is very well-equipped. Honestly, it wasn't that much needed as you can eat really cheap in restaurants and bistros nearby. The view of the Ionian Sea to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-apartment-with-amazing-sea-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe studio apartment is a marvel of modern design and functionality, featuring a soundproof environment that promises undisturbed tranquility just 200 meters from Sarande Main Beach. Guests are treated to a suite of amenities including a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen, all complemented by a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. The air-conditioned unit also boasts a bidet and a dressing room, catering to the needs of the most discerning guests. Notably, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a comfortable stay for all.

Convenience is further enhanced by the inclusion of a lift and a minimarket within the property, alongside complimentary WiFi access throughout, allowing guests to stay connected and supplied with essentials without having to leave the comfort of their retreat.

For those seeking to explore the vibrant life in and around Sarandë, the studio serves as an ideal base. From hiking adventures that beckon the spirited traveler to leisurely strolls along Saranda City Beach, located just 1.4 km away, there is no shortage of activities to enrich your stay. Saranda Bay Beach is also within easy reach, merely 1.6 km from the studio, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and sunbathing.

An on-site bar provides the perfect setting for evening relaxation or socializing, offering a selection of drinks in a welcoming atmosphere.

Situated a considerable distance from Ioannina Airport, 98 km away, guests are advised to plan their travel arrangements accordingly to enjoy the seamless tranquility and luxury that Eriks Studio with Amazing Sea View has to offer. This property stands out as a jewel in Sarandë, promising an unforgettable stay with its blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience.