---\ntitle: "Eriola apartament"\ndescription: "Eriola Apartment emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of mountain tranquility and beachfront bliss."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210064091.jpg?k=a84fce2cf1973a451d119fa8e35ed0faabb0f71e34d29fa8b776f79e88fd1f7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: eriola-apartament\naddress: "Arvanitet Apartament, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32675745\n  lng: 19.47819927\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210064091.jpg?k=a84fce2cf1973a451d119fa8e35ed0faabb0f71e34d29fa8b776f79e88fd1f7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210066644.jpg?k=722d1668fc9b684e4219e2af411a8b4ceeae41baaddfbae15cb1808ed7f2d417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374605332.jpg?k=d01ce6adda8c1c1dda30787d6da1804e8380255bee8a414b2b12d840e35d8c61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262361210.jpg?k=77a2cc3acbca18de340e979ee6b06d4b7e232ace607a138f9de9d4adc4ec9719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375426190.jpg?k=c01c9aac05f450a7d0f82a9cdeadf4bbc2f4ac6217ba8879dc8e966983d70e8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210700750.jpg?k=9c1fda99e70ceb515ad7b46c15b7967d758a4f29cb646a5016d9100256fe2323&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262360599.jpg?k=f01eca2306d5b3757a7afc5e37931fe30e71f9b3dec2ba6fb517562ebdf7b819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262360197.jpg?k=29b5b25d149e659a2f36414a4b6123ddc207570ffbe5c9117211c31611cc6f65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374388653.jpg?k=c60c74bd13be4c78af676205546d53415d5c53f9aea7fcd365a4b474a9e26b77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pastiçeri Epoca 50 m"\n  - "Pastarella Resort 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The place was great, clean and fully equipped. The host was really nice and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Catchpole"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful luxery place inside and out fully equipped charming owners”"\n  - name: "Federica"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“We spent our holiday at Eriola, we had a very good time.
The house is functional, equipped with everything you need, comfortable beds and nice outdoor space where you can dine.
It is located in a strategic position to reach the beautiful beaches,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alerdi-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Eriola Apartment are designed with the discerning guest in mind, featuring carpeted floors and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and dining area. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring guests are never at a loss for leisure options. The private bathrooms come equipped with a bidet and plush bathrobes, adding a touch of luxury to the stay. Moreover, each unit boasts a balcony that provides an outdoor dining area and serene garden views, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the property's natural beauty. For added convenience, air conditioning and a desk are standard in all units, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

The shared lounge area offers a cozy space for relaxation, further enhancing the communal atmosphere of the property. For those looking to explore the local area, Orikum Beach is just a stone's throw away at 1.7 km, while Baro Beach is slightly further at 2 km, offering ample opportunities for seaside adventures.

Situated 167 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Eriola Apartment facilitates ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure experience. Whether it's the allure of the beach or the call of the mountains, Eriola Apartment provides a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it a standout choice for travelers to the region.