---\ntitle: "Erli's Apartment"\ndescription: "Erli's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Golem, just a stone's throw away from the serene Qerret Beach and a short drive from the picturesque Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483479326.jpg?k=08a70bc08655f51864d7e1bd5f804ddc209e1a91077159944c0cd608a366a21a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: erli-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, 2500 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21720551\n  lng: 19.50619841\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483479326.jpg?k=08a70bc08655f51864d7e1bd5f804ddc209e1a91077159944c0cd608a366a21a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487660428.jpg?k=b06e4eb60809f2a775e44686f31c039b4482b0902906b7eefb35345525c9464e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483479664.jpg?k=d71a2cf4e839d2e064ded19877bf4260814c31aeff05d4f6e47e3ad253099cd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486389184.jpg?k=1b3c97095f554d5680dcdbae674c51a4026ef1dcce70959d0df99c2e182d0a26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483479585.jpg?k=be3625c52364cf5364a1c7c4ed8019d3e76b071296d892560ccfc176b2ce2521&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480286606.jpg?k=6645a3bdb294dbf152d0a5409192b09d19408b657ca344856944c127dd295c8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488195902.jpg?k=4ef007ae71d2d7fc00db78fa369521671c8c7cbd4ab56f1430be52adee484d37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478394585.jpg?k=65a2fafe349a97fcf0803480fffe45d24b29902109920283950e73da9afa7d43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480282626.jpg?k=79524367564db488b33fa5af159d142346964f166606a2e65c671cb5067258cd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylberi Bar Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Peshku Eger Xhikja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Bekimi 13 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 27 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tusha"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The owners of the Apartament were very kind and nice, and their house was clean and very close with the beach.”"\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is totally new and very compact, has a large balcony and has everything you will need during your stay. We stayed with our two year old daughter and enjoyed it as it felt like being home. The beach is just a few steps away. Overall I...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/erlis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically located, the apartment is within easy reach of notable landmarks including the Rock of Kavaje, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the ancient Durres Amphitheatre, making it an ideal base for explorers keen on delving into the region's rich history. Moreover, the heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is merely 50 km away, offering a deep dive into the local culture and lifestyle.

The accommodation itself boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a modern bathroom, ensuring a comfortable and self-sufficient stay. Entertainment needs are also met with the provision of a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of adventure.

For those interested in further exploring the area, the House of Leaves and Rinia Park are both located approximately 49 km from the apartment, offering unique insights into Albania's past and present. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 44 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Erli's Apartment stands out as a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to cultural landmarks, it presents an excellent option for travelers looking to experience the best of Golem and its surroundings.