---\ntitle: "Ernest Apartments"\ndescription: "Ernest Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking self-catering accommodations with a touch of convenience and comfort on the sea side of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356366063.jpg?k=caf4e556d91d2c4b19e9e602230e165821176bf5fb15ed60ed11863dc50c1dec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ernest-apartments\naddress: "Rr. Mitat Hoxha that connect 17 Shkurti Street, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87068521\n  lng: 19.9996984\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356366063.jpg?k=caf4e556d91d2c4b19e9e602230e165821176bf5fb15ed60ed11863dc50c1dec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367185105.jpg?k=e881c1e7fdbf385ab162d189db07e8608dab8f62c79317b878011b38d89a2082&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356365098.jpg?k=3ae9b7fbba81cf2324fb8397337c288418ef5f224935c7dda435d40fef3f25e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356363674.jpg?k=706b29d7f1caa6eb3165b659dd1ebd42d0815ed4989fc3de85496e3470c5c85a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367184673.jpg?k=66ba02d7c29d1f7e8c14a5788b792065cf858e89df2106f2deab1c25b3dadf40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367185416.jpg?k=b9d25e6362709a9d371799b71068502e7e0f776dcf223cd7f4defa4c5613d5eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367186063.jpg?k=80e96ac830a6a23fa82c053f5e873e2a9a10751f64641116825119dd2914b2e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299583411.jpg?k=74f662852e7dfab5cc547467a7f83ba5ba9b67ed3a9241e81e782206ac4db1a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356366072.jpg?k=568fe248bfce968e637c680c3a9de157ac46a9683144a94cdcbdd7b8a10e0af6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Beach 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Laberia 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Micaela"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“The apartment is really nice and very well located. It is near the port and the beach. It is a couple of blocks away of the main boulevard, but it can be done by walking. Ernest and his parents are kind and good people. We definitely recommend...”"\n  - name: "Roman"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Ernest is a wonderful person. He is very helpful.
Apartment is cosy, big, clean and has balcony with nice view. 12 chanel on TV is interesting and kitchen is fully equiped for cooking.
Apartment is close to all places you need.
We are thanksfull...”"\n  - name: "Glen"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Room size and layout was very functional, with the addition of 2 small balconies which had minor sea views which all made for a very comfortable stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ernest-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Ernest Apartments is a testament to thoughtful design, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Accessible by lift, these accommodations boast a cozy seating area, a dining space perfect for enjoying homemade meals, a cable TV for entertainment, and a bathroom equipped with a shower and hairdryer. The inclusion of a well-furnished kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, an oven, and a stovetop, adds to the appeal, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals as they wish. Select rooms also offer the added bonus of sea views, providing a serene backdrop to one’s stay.

The convenience of Ernest Apartments extends beyond its rooms. Guests will find a variety of restaurants and shops within walking distance, making it easy to explore the local cuisine and culture. Additionally, the property ensures peace of mind with complimentary private parking on site. For those looking to explore further, Sarande’s Harbour is a mere 450 meters away, offering easy access to the wider region.

Ernest Apartments presents a compelling option for those in search of a comfortable, convenient base to explore the enchanting city of Sarandë and its surroundings.