---\ntitle: "Erti's Apartments"\ndescription: "Erti's Apartments in Sarandë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort close to the crystal-clear waters of Santa Quaranta Beach, just a mere 300 meters away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200089233.jpg?k=ce04d461559e6f05bdebfc5b65a3657a8d938439920044bf7249562d16a35ebd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: erti-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Sarandë, Albania 33, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85949192\n  lng: 20.02074882\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200089233.jpg?k=ce04d461559e6f05bdebfc5b65a3657a8d938439920044bf7249562d16a35ebd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193212704.jpg?k=b5aced52f092b8fbaeb7b50c7090439c4cb5b8cbdacd2e7b5c202fac7ab85cbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193212693.jpg?k=1fe0fdb2e12994f534804a3e5204b79f337aee60000fe9bacada5b0f8bd7aff3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193212758.jpg?k=07df7f7386a58260ec1ba28a472f21c3621363552a604f7e179600f51b59ae75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193212797.jpg?k=734fe3070cde45a41d8b8cd975597268d1d1e512dfb20bf5499d6359304cd29e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200089258.jpg?k=307aca14f22f939a8a9a5c9b6d28ce2f2d8de09bee165f54a47415afa308172c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koral 10 m"\n  - "The Meat House Sarande 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 400 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 600 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The view from the apartment is simply magnificent! We absolutely loved sitting on the balcony at sunset with wine, it was absolutely breathtaking. Thanks to the hostess, we enjoyed our stay!”"\n  - name: "Vittorio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento pulitissimo e nuovissimo. Vista spettacolare. Vicinissimo al centro e alla spiaggia... Titolare gentilissima e disponibile. Grazie. Ci ritornerò”"\n  - name: "Curos"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Un appartamento veramente pulito e molto accogliente, i proprietari molto gentili e disponibili per qualsiasi cosa. Vista mozzafiato. Sono rimasta soddisfatta del soggiorno”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/erti-39-s-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe facility is equipped with an elevator, ensuring easy access to all, and features family rooms, making it an ideal option for those traveling in groups or with family. Each unit within Erti's Apartments is thoughtfully furnished with air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. Select apartments boast additional amenities, including a flat-screen TV, washing machine, and a coffee machine, all set within a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like.

Privacy and comfort are paramount, with every apartment housing its own private bathroom, ensuring a personal and secluded experience. For beach enthusiasts, the location could not be more perfect. VIP Beach is a short 400-meter stroll away, while Flamingo Beach, known for its serene ambiance, is just 700 meters from the property. For those looking to explore beyond Sarandë, Ioannina Airport is the nearest major airport, located 96 km from Erti's Apartments, making it a convenient gateway for international travelers.

Erti's Apartments emerges as a top contender for guests who value simplicity, comfort, and the beauty of the Albanian Riviera, promising an unforgettable stay with every visit.