---\ntitle: "Ervis beach apartment 5 minutes walking apartment-beach ONLY 2 NIGHS ORE MORE"\ndescription: "Ervis Beach Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, merely a five-minute stroll from the pristine shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/2807952759312352/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ervis-beach-apartment-5-minutes-walking-apartment-beach-only-2-nighs-ore-more\naddress: "Rruga Iliria, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30077022\n  lng: 19.49975589\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.1\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 7.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 6.3\n  facilities: 5\n  value: 6.3\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/2807952759312352/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/gb/15b607e8c3750857a144c70857d273e26ac13d66.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477789299.jpg?k=2a6e92f2179a1b71d9ac4f0c6820fa43f247fa20830f7d1b968ca3c9d7a6cd6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/454105986.jpg?k=2316b807ee9a08b1359283d4b607c1e7ab9eda059598e92ccfa9b40bf6546e19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/454106000.jpg?k=de9be76e17693e9d43cc23acf3908f4816bd9cf6313f22c281165068a28a30ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/454106001.jpg?k=174dbcda8a822479113cb2e68fea02c6985afede86af352e345e62b447e0ac28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/454106003.jpg?k=e7bbff171c7efa4d9c7b83936a8b65dd24485683ff592ab12af413d8ae5419a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/454106007.jpg?k=03d60e67a12833d192b2be9d8ee1adb2fe0c1497353c962b8b371f52ef7bc2f0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Esperado 40 m"\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Constantin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“close to the beach”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ervis-beach-apartment-5-minutes-walking-beach-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a well-appointed layout, featuring a single bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy crafting their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to leisure at their fingertips. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the appeal of this accommodation, promising a fresh and inviting atmosphere.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Durrës. The property's proximity to notable landmarks, including the Rock of Kavaje and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, enriches the stay experience, offering a glimpse into the area's rich cultural tapestry.

For those intrigued by historical sites, the Durres Amphitheatre is a mere 7.7 km away, presenting an opportunity to explore one of the city's most significant archaeological marvels. Additionally, the House of Leaves museum, located 39 km from the apartment, offers a deep dive into the country's intriguing history.

Accessibility is further underscored by the apartment's location, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 34 km away, making Ervis Beach Apartment an ideal starting point or a concluding stop in one’s travel itinerary.

In summary, Ervis Beach Apartment stands out as a delightful haven for those desiring a blend of historical exploration and beachside relaxation, all within the comfort of a homely setting.