---\ntitle: "Esbjerg Hotel"\ndescription: "Esbjerg Hotel, a distinguished 4-star establishment, graces the shores of Vlorë, offering guests an exceptional beachfront experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477815410.jpg?k=91080733033061ab8dccf6cca090bb8e9c2aedc7fb375a0bf9246e1aaf3dc94d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: esbjerg-hotel\naddress: "9401 Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42395948\n  lng: 19.4903248\nprice: "US$91"\npriceFrom: 91\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477815410.jpg?k=91080733033061ab8dccf6cca090bb8e9c2aedc7fb375a0bf9246e1aaf3dc94d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471762269.jpg?k=6d410416ace91d0513ca3369a6047e49d57529ed19bd5cee1d9afedc433870b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476272235.jpg?k=4d17b47ffcc24566691210899f804889e906b86d403a9c46a204014d535738b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477815438.jpg?k=ad9a295155eccf1fa7500ff26f11f0fc50e0f6c988f61eb286368545577096b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471762240.jpg?k=ccada0d64ea941b0f75638559507e3d2a60fe6b408f86657d2ab7710c6cad661&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523584479.jpg?k=346afad9ddf930ad044c4a3d27af86056228e40a40289ea0a48c36b7f9362832&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kristal 20 m"\n  - "Gjurma by Aldo Mehmeti 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 550 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 750 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Saskia"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We thought we booked a hotel in Denmark (silly us), but it was a hotel in Albania. We had already paid, but the staff was very friendly and understanding and they cancelled the booking! This is first class service and when we will visit your...”"\n  - name: "Besa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location was very close to the beach! Staff were super friendly and made me feel very welcome! They were very flexible and accommodating!”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location of the hotel was perfect the view was awesome. The room was very clean and spacious the bed was very comfortable, the toilet was very clean, everything about the hotel was very nice even the little details. I recommend everyone if...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/esbjerg-lj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a haven of comfort, where each air-conditioned room is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a desk, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom featuring a bidet. The allure of Esbjerg Hotel is further enhanced by select rooms offering captivating city views, each boasting a balcony for a personal outdoor retreat. The convenience of an in-room fridge adds a touch of home, ensuring refreshments are always at hand.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a menu of authentic Greek cuisine promises to satisfy the palate. The dining experience is complemented by a diverse breakfast selection available daily, ranging from a hearty buffet to continental and Italian options, catering to all tastes.

Situated just 1.6 km from the picturesque Liro Beach and within easy reach of the historic Kuzum Baba at 7.5 km, Esbjerg Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the enchanting surroundings. For those venturing further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 157 km away, making the hotel a convenient choice for both local and international travelers.

Esbjerg Hotel emerges as a beacon of hospitality, inviting guests to enjoy a blend of comfort, cuisine, and culture in the heart of Vlorë.