---\ntitle: "Esmeralda Apartaments"\ndescription: "Esmeralda Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Maestral Beach and a short stroll from La Petite Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158203390.jpg?k=b8f75bb6e54512bf442f8291205781bbab3c7440fd6afb29b06530f2ed858ba2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: esmeralda-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti 39.864638, 20.017211, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86438839\n  lng: 20.01736599\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 47\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158203390.jpg?k=b8f75bb6e54512bf442f8291205781bbab3c7440fd6afb29b06530f2ed858ba2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212841851.jpg?k=e65d4ca5f9d469845f68f8d84c2e77de27f943083523065cb1598d947a9cbb7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213413482.jpg?k=afa1d9587c5e06d255d07a97448eb6e776892e0bc9fc0b7b967c0a7c1fa57951&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212838594.jpg?k=9379069a8390720e3714f49a477af89e6aaf03a04e180f24176e9758b63fae45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213413489.jpg?k=bc1c850750065302ceca3eb320de482bd3d79991c83e832bcea11e3b024cea66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212839896.jpg?k=e997ba1382c6cf9f95c34ee014ce705f8eca4077bdf0a620b7b5713e7f184129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213285293.jpg?k=e94a31819dc11170b48912bc814715891f37aca2df0418d369bc3253f1bb782e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213285288.jpg?k=bab9131cd47a4f7479922ddb124ab8e58db40cc55ab0ef718217d1d750cfa5a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213413483.jpg?k=644255c9b3717b1d0bb50220d87d2bcac79b73e35c92bdf90b3ffca3e45a355c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza di Gusto 10 m"\n  - "Nertili 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 500 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 650 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 650 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Loredana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The view from the balcony was amazing, close in walking distance from markets, restaurants and beaches: Copacabana, Mango, Sarande Beach.”"\n  - name: "Hussein"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay at Esmeralda apartments and would 100% recommend to anyone. Our hostess was really kind and helpful. Responded quickly to our questions and coming to our help. The apartment is fully equipped and clean. The view was...”"\n  - name: "Jane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The view from the balcony was stunning and main areas we wanted to visit were only a short walk away. It was very easy to communicate with the property manager and they were happy to answer any questions we had.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/esmeralda-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment is designed to be a home away from home, featuring balconies that serve up stunning sea vistas, satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment, and kitchens that are equipped to handle any culinary challenge. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where a hot tub, bathrobes, and hairdryers elevate the experience. The convenience of a private entrance, air conditioning, and a workspace in every unit underscores Esmeralda Apartments' commitment to guest comfort and satisfaction.

For those looking to explore local dining, a variety of options lie in close proximity, promising a taste of Sarandë's culinary delights. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service on-site opens the door to exploring the surrounding area at one's own pace, including the nearby VIP Beach and the culturally rich Butrint National Park.

Situated 96 km from Ioannina Airport, Esmeralda Apartments not only offers a serene retreat with its strategic location and thoughtful amenities but also stands as a gateway to the enchanting landscapes and historical sites of Sarandë. Whether it's a family vacation or a solo adventure, this accommodation is poised to make any stay memorable.