---\ntitle: "Esmi Apartment Vlore"\ndescription: "Esmi Apartment Vlore stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526154599.jpg?k=ae93df25b14c63be1e08f6f0d0759853189a50c6bfbfb64d4170177c0ce7edd6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: esmi-apartment-vlore\naddress: "Rruga Reshat Osmani, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44866759\n  lng: 19.49695193\nprice: "US$121"\npriceFrom: 121\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526154599.jpg?k=ae93df25b14c63be1e08f6f0d0759853189a50c6bfbfb64d4170177c0ce7edd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526159638.jpg?k=4ed7035417f52b73078e98c059fa4241a0623d8ff696175654ea4aa4cba20f7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526143845.jpg?k=85b8f0dcdb0f09ef4cfb51dd2692ac4695df346ad31f4abd8a061eee35beb21c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526159633.jpg?k=abe83b32e13f20069a8439cd77ebd1dcd7b8ba962b559118f8ca176b801c6825&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526159632.jpg?k=20c1ab480583ed4d1b7a70f7152a7689d7effb983d0a5169aaedb57111e0b9c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526159635.jpg?k=0b33617103c4c1f0f08d236056c7fc648e98eaf71d1e8de8116bad938b339d65&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 250 m"\n  - "Restorant Xhokla 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.5 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/esmi-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property is equipped with modern amenities designed to cater to the needs of every guest. From the convenience of an elevator and the privacy of check-in and check-out services to the complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, Esmi Apartment Vlore ensures a hassle-free stay. The charm of the inner courtyard views adds a touch of tranquility to the urban setting.

Each apartment is thoughtfully designed to be a home away from home. Guests are treated to a spacious balcony offering breathtaking mountain views, a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, fridge, stovetop, and coffee machine, invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like. The convenience of air conditioning, a desk, and a private bathroom outfitted with a shower and plush bathrobes further enhance the living experience.

Located a mere 2 km from the picturesque Vjetër Beach and 2.5 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, Esmi Apartment Vlore serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural and cultural treasures of the area. For those traveling from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, making it a reachable destination for international visitors.

Esmi Apartment Vlore is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Vlorë, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.