---\ntitle: "ESTEL Apartaments"\ndescription: "ESTEL Apartaments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525524665.jpg?k=fd833e2c6614f3275ea95faf04eb29f261c33dea4f2872b47544c89f507268e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: estel-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Jordan Misja, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33889742\n  lng: 19.81082764\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525524665.jpg?k=fd833e2c6614f3275ea95faf04eb29f261c33dea4f2872b47544c89f507268e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525524606.jpg?k=f3325bd409dd59129eb5488b2e8f16284a8d25f6f49be9f55a20d5d02de795b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525524642.jpg?k=bead1bf7f5f0279db2850aeca5944b421a3516987276d5b29eb64ed743dc774b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525524652.jpg?k=0aabbd7ea996c6050676b8387d8af3cf152741f9acb49dfa7c772d182a731081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525524660.jpg?k=16b71afcd5f6ea0a3f7152fee1c6dea83e57708548a34654ce9ec3aa44c373a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527674945.jpg?k=1323f59c8760e837e7c8fe9e7e944e71788e462fc17b4e9dcef93ca3dd715700&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/527674964.jpg?k=bd96e8f642616f525d7a7f01a4f11769fd9e07ff6cb63726be558d26cac9cd2f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cafè Momus 250 m"\n  - "Bjorn Bistro & Pizza Gerd 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/estel-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nA mere stone's throw away from the Clock Tower Tirana and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, and just a short distance from the National Gallery of Arts, ESTEL Apartaments ensures that guests are never far from the action. Moreover, the iconic Skanderbeg Square is just 1.7 km away, offering a glimpse into the vibrant local life and history.

The accommodations at ESTEL Apartaments are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a fully equipped kitchen, and a television, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and convenient. The private bathrooms come with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra touch of luxury. For those who enjoy a home-cooked meal, the inclusion of a toaster in each unit is a thoughtful addition.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, allowing guests to stay connected with loved ones or plan their next day's adventures with ease. 

For those keen to explore the local culture and history, the apartment is conveniently located near the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves, offering a deep dive into Albania's rich heritage.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, making ESTEL Apartaments a hassle-free choice for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, ESTEL Apartaments stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a perfect blend of accessibility, comfort, and a dash of luxury, making it a top pick for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life and culture of Tirana.