---\ntitle: "ESTEL Home"\ndescription: "ESTEL Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of hotel-like amenities in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529153754.jpg?k=df4047d74e0ca523427ebad53714bde4a4bb108f141f3d891d3b4dc4fb827ad3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: estel-home\naddress: "Rruga Jordan Misja, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33901276\n  lng: 19.81066202\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529153754.jpg?k=df4047d74e0ca523427ebad53714bde4a4bb108f141f3d891d3b4dc4fb827ad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528022913.jpg?k=29bc69f449319d1e47587a5160d957f33a28179f08fdd87eced7005c6387c57f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528022948.jpg?k=9bfa6976b41079348e525053e33e3899f9ffc62bc4b9ab724f71c63f0b5ae920&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528022946.jpg?k=046ee78ef1574d15ecc09d36e275a06623b8a8b01d56bba45447b14c48aedd84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529153534.jpg?k=b0e5895d4c4f0d79884fe33faf149fea283f160a0c8aefd5d0408ff23c9152cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528022945.jpg?k=99587a620ffe1966d0e705f130acf2d0b1d252ba8c0a3cfda6b858559a286fc1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cafè Momus 250 m"\n  - "Bjorn Bistro & Pizza Gerd 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "American Express"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/estel-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned rooms that boast not just functionality but also a touch of elegance. Each room is a self-contained haven featuring a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven for those who prefer to whip up their meals. The living area, adorned with a flat-screen TV, offers a cozy retreat, while the inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience. The private bathrooms, equipped with bidets and bathrobes, add a layer of luxury, complementing the overall comfort of the stay.

Adding to the charm of ESTEL Home is the thoughtful provision of a coffee shop on the premises, ensuring guests can start their day with a freshly brewed cup of coffee without having to venture far. For those needing essentials or a quick snack, the on-site minimarket is a boon.

The locale of ESTEL Home is a hub for nightlife and cultural exploration, with popular pub crawls that invite guests to immerse themselves in the local scene. For those inclined to explore further, bike and car hire services are readily available, offering a gateway to discover Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions. Noteworthy sites such as the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the House of Leaves are within easy reach, promising a blend of cultural enrichment and entertainment.

Conveniently located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, ESTEL Home positions itself as an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local flavor.