---\ntitle: "ESTO's Apartament near Tirana Airport 1 - Self CheckIN -Netflix - FREE Parking"\ndescription: "ESTO's Apartment near Tirana Airport 1 stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort close to the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382540.jpg?k=3250709c7538faced12f18aab3fb52a14791a95bcbf9822f8c28d4874e414b9d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: esto-s-apartament-near-tirana-airport-1-self-checkin-netflix-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga NATO, Valias, Albania"\ncity: "Valias"\nlocation: "Valias"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.38866659\n  lng: 19.74368977\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382540.jpg?k=3250709c7538faced12f18aab3fb52a14791a95bcbf9822f8c28d4874e414b9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382565.jpg?k=713d7835d3f210349f2731e9dd3f2b9e9db057243627c287a7ed4239fb515e9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382061.jpg?k=371ef37286485cc83684793ceba4f1c02451e456e80a81022b8e03937c34eb3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382051.jpg?k=36b0116d5c1f78e656a1277058c80a9bc06c5e91b5e1e653eddb30ea656f62dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382028.jpg?k=4c4403c9d67303e3b583eed83a21c0e107e1b960f1837d8104e342d3492f22c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469382563.jpg?k=00b746e1cbb3031d8998911a060a59a1a8855ff616d5192687f8f13a8efed527&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 10 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 10 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 10 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 10 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sofra e Vjetër 600 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Selmani 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 1.8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lisa"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very friendly people who were really helpful. Clean room close to the airport.”"\n  - name: "Sandra"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing, clean apartament! With bery friendly owners :) 10000% reccomended!”"\n  - name: "Anete"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Host was very responsive, nice and friendly. For one night stay before our early morning flight it was perfect place. We are very satisfied.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/esto-apartament-near-tirana-airport-netflix-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a serene garden view, complemented by the availability of a welcoming patio, perfect for guests looking to unwind in a tranquil setting. With its strategic location, approximately 12 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and a similar distance from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, guests have the unique opportunity to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana with ease.

Designed with the discerning traveler in mind, the apartment features a range of amenities aimed at ensuring a comfortable stay. Guests will appreciate the convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers. The non-smoking, one-bedroom apartment is well-appointed with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a cozy living room, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The addition of towels and bed linen enhances the comfort of the stay, while the private entrance offers an extra layer of privacy.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises adds to the convenience factor. While the apartment is a peaceful retreat, adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 15 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience.

ESTO's Apartment near Tirana Airport 1 - Self CheckIN -Netflix - FREE Parking emerges as a top recommendation for travelers looking for a blend of convenience, comfort, and the chance to immerse themselves in the local culture and natural beauty of Tirana.