---\ntitle: "ET Apartaments"\ndescription: "ET Apartaments emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a tranquil garden setting just moments away from the city's vibrant attractions, including the Bektashi World Centre, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358011007.jpg?k=2eaf82a7fbc90bd2dbbddd279384706210099c415a857337fa61cf5370840339&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: et-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Todi Shkurti (Spiro Mitro), N°78, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32355692\n  lng: 19.83947591\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358011007.jpg?k=2eaf82a7fbc90bd2dbbddd279384706210099c415a857337fa61cf5370840339&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417510949.jpg?k=a9cf0008214431d7f81daa2cdbea160cabe3bab4c97220c2aec0d71bf933b9d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417511116.jpg?k=83ddb856b518750a5e2888479b0540f2882a9c6fc9b89086e8e0ddfd86762540&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377335320.jpg?k=bf8aa1d7c20ce2e97d3dcdfeb8a32cb8edbde287cad2eafe984586e65d64b98b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417510992.jpg?k=8f8f05a83fb0534da40030348136dec9a3c76a6226d5b9f6911a5540e70cd484&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358015346.jpg?k=d2f4b0a5a5fe53878f2ba7d03310d200ca0948be502d1c2194526a9bc38ab369&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (27 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 200 m"\n  - "Piceri la Crema 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The accomodation overall was definitely worth the price! The hosts' family were really nice and helpful people! Apartment was really big and perfectly clean, just ready for us upon our arrival. They even offered a parking space in their private...”"\n  - name: "L"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The apartment was beautiful, comfortable and equipped with everything we needed.Hosts were very helpful,friendly and reliable. I would definitely recommend this place”"\n  - name: "Madina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We stayed in a group of three and absolutely loved it there! The apartment is very spacious, clean, and offers all the facilities needed. An extra value added was the balcony and the view! The neighbourhood is quiet, city centre is reachable by...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/et-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at ET Apartaments are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. Families will find solace in the spacious family rooms, while select units elevate the experience further with cozy seating areas, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

For those keen to immerse themselves in Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, ET Apartaments serves as an ideal base. The National Gallery of Arts Tirana, Tanners' Bridge, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana are all within easy reach, inviting guests to delve into the city's artistic and historical heritage. Conveniently located 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, this apartment complex offers both accessibility and a peaceful retreat, making it a top choice for travelers seeking the best of both worlds in Tirana.