---\ntitle: "Evergreen Laguna Vain-Lezhe"\ndescription: "Evergreen Laguna Vain-Lezhe emerges as a serene oasis in Lezhë, a mere stone's throw away from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528836963.jpg?k=0b58554dcd29f4c2281d7067d9fecebaa3c56cabc8114485157bef8050151d50&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: evergreen-laguna-vain-lezhe\naddress: "Lezhë - Ishull - Vain, 4501 Lezhë, Albania"\ncity: "Lezhë"\nlocation: "Lezhë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.756735\n  lng: 19.6134979\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528836963.jpg?k=0b58554dcd29f4c2281d7067d9fecebaa3c56cabc8114485157bef8050151d50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528835176.jpg?k=331fe21e84cb9bac6f7a0f5366b7de42242c58bc66c3136f5ca7e4c7bfff0c3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528833442.jpg?k=3ea84536b99e2a1f95436cddf93480a250a34e975107fe790fd06efd703feff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525696521.jpg?k=7c35f37a5dd2ede53b12e9fc0fe3643fc24453078cd6257d238fa386a97ed074&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528860476.jpg?k=5b24a43c8799bdfb2ea1f78d63f36f1ae3cfed17be0dc29216ae23c1da03ac7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525697935.jpg?k=3b7d5144b1c5d20f1077a493f67f63aa9c46cc168ba71d5cae699e1b6fd5009a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ishulli I Peshkatareve 250 m"\n  - "Restorant Begu 1.2 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Tale Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 4.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 37 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Curraj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location, really pleasant and clean rooms.he dedication of the staff always to execute everything to the satisfaction of the customer. Evergreen was a new hotel but I really liked the stay there, they have done a nice work with everything...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/evergreen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Evergreen Laguna Vain-Lezhe are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private balcony offers a personal outdoor space to enjoy, while the ensuite bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds an extra layer of privacy and convenience.

Mornings at Evergreen Laguna Vain-Lezhe start on a high note with a buffet breakfast, providing a variety of options to cater to different tastes and preferences. 

The hotel's location is ideal for explorers looking to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and historical significance of the region. Lake Skadar, known for its breathtaking scenery and diverse ecosystem, is just a short drive away. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 44 km from the hotel, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers seeking a seamless travel experience.

Evergreen Laguna Vain-Lezhe stands out as a top choice for those seeking a blend of tranquility, comfort, and convenience in Lezhë.