---\ntitle: "Evis house"\ndescription: "Evis House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515069796.jpg?k=ff13e21dc62e99d19b3f4d9fa44cdb5d7a9b32a1622566d58966dfdf319cb721&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: evis-house\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi Pallati Mig-Mar, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32934822\n  lng: 19.82343989\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515069796.jpg?k=ff13e21dc62e99d19b3f4d9fa44cdb5d7a9b32a1622566d58966dfdf319cb721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511561550.jpg?k=0b171dddda33c6b794e347af2e7f34ce8cc13705100563028446b4c2b8d70514&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492042268.jpg?k=1fde5818639e382b9d95baddd7aaa6b7af33c0487a976bcb1730165e1f1391f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492121384.jpg?k=8e5d68d365f3039bcac62fa2f94f5835f06d37dba0ee3bc96d135f6cd18ad6a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510523230.jpg?k=f0182206c3a3f91120d387524d4443339b4c05f49516cfc8a12a5477ae4f6bad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481180328.jpg?k=14152610f3cb4ffffc273f568fe6eea9d862d90998887b32451fc73b5c98f7f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511561645.jpg?k=793a389cfc53f2c984d794c0b8ecf153dc575c0472ecea37366fa5aca73cea87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510523400.jpg?k=c88636caadc3456f9b01fdca6d8c8a7dddc7ee1d2c1117739b7dc7542cfd7e66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510523281.jpg?k=668a834b09fa2098fa8ae56049124dea33602e2ed4c9830f237079ce9df48b14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Torcoletto da Fabio 50 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was great, the host is an amazing woman!”"\n  - name: "Cansu"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The lady of the apartment was very kind and helpful. Drinkable cold water was ready in the fridge. Everything was clean. The place was close to everywhere.”"\n  - name: "Edon"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was the strongest point, just 2 minutes from the city center. Nice and clean home with cool view . Highly recommended.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/evis-guest-house-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its well-appointed amenities. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a shared lounge, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration, and the convenience of a shared kitchen, which is a boon for those who prefer to cook their meals. The entire property boasts free WiFi, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world, while the commitment to a non-smoking environment guarantees a fresh and healthy living space.

The accommodation itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a bedroom equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services for entertainment at any time. The kitchen is nothing short of a chef's dream, fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, catering to all culinary needs.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture, Evis House is conveniently located near several of Tirana's most popular attractions. The Toptani Shopping Centre, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana are all within easy reach, offering a blend of shopping, culture, and art. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers.

Evis House is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and culture of Tirana, making it a top recommendation for visitors to the city.