---\ntitle: "Exclusive 2 Bedrooms Apartment"\ndescription: "Exclusive 2 Bedrooms Apartment in Tirana offers a refreshing oasis for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426887923.jpg?k=e7de4269c6677043e9d2b7d1f3ad253b38d577bde92e862f19a0a738f9979aa0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: exclusive-2-bedrooms-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Hysni Gerbolli Pallati nr 5, kati 2, apartamenti nr 14, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33489605\n  lng: 19.80366596\nprice: "US$71"\npriceFrom: 71\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426887923.jpg?k=e7de4269c6677043e9d2b7d1f3ad253b38d577bde92e862f19a0a738f9979aa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426901670.jpg?k=27f44f4b347e75ba3ba4d0ef019f19d024fd6080a7653268d126bb497df18cd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426906955.jpg?k=9b7918647bd74615b29fdd40b15c6c1c4cfc3e4bfb10654fff25ccc147e2e1ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426894243.jpg?k=e97b879bcc73a9068e373c56597db0a02a71d14efee19c5dbb65db33d1e77ea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426890121.jpg?k=3063d08a832becf7f416d3c69ae1c19353125db5e986915c1464300f598a293e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426889537.jpg?k=78e605a044c64ebdd88ed3f82e2d53c33fe1ae775f06da9252408f2d9878cac0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426889434.jpg?k=1a122e2fe5c1592c1ffed30d11b54ed1ca865f78ce746db172374c4c4a04b255&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426889152.jpg?k=952e7dfed9bf899b648333614c399c560ba1f98c839aa658d45853f6afd7e2e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426888940.jpg?k=317588a6c496799a42d2b9ee01e31ad2b76c7a5e6bd7041942619d3f48503b3b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara e Prizrenit 100 m"\n  - "Agon Caffe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yun"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“the apartment was spacious and mostly clean, furnishing was modern and new.
Communication was super easy and fast.”"\n  - name: "Matteo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“casa accogliente e moderna Ottima la presenza di aria condizionata e wifi”"\n  - name: "Dimitris"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die moderne Ausstattung der Wohnung und die zentrale Lage hat uns gut gefallen. Die Wohnung hat ein sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/exclusive-2-bedroom-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring two generously sized bedrooms and two well-appointed bathrooms. Every detail, from the crisp bed linen to the plush towels, is curated to enhance guests' stay. The living space is complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen offer the freedom to dine in, making it perfect for those who enjoy a home-cooked meal even while on the go. The balcony, with its tranquil garden views, serves as a private haven where guests can unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere.

Adding to the convenience, the apartment boasts a private entrance, ensuring an exclusive and undisturbed experience. The inclusion of a lift and private check-in and check-out services underscores the commitment to guest comfort and privacy. The entire property is a non-smoking zone, maintaining a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to these needs without the necessity to venture far. The garden area invites guests to relax and reconnect with nature, providing a peaceful escape from the bustling city life.

Situated near cultural landmarks such as the House of Leaves, National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park, the apartment is an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in Tirana's rich history and vibrant culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, Exclusive 2 Bedrooms Apartment stands out as a top choice for both convenience and comfort, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Tirana.