---\ntitle: "F C Tiranë"\ndescription: "F C Tiranë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501168734.jpg?k=f859167c4409768991be2a6017439773f7902e35ff52c28b923fec912456494f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: f-c-tiran\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Delvina Godina 2, Apartmenti 10, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31853499\n  lng: 19.81404825\nprice: "US$237"\npriceFrom: 237\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501168734.jpg?k=f859167c4409768991be2a6017439773f7902e35ff52c28b923fec912456494f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161883.jpg?k=49d1a32e248d0861f50a85e32b99c5eaa70331421d40cffa3e80164d379ddec2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161960.jpg?k=9fd44105c3d0601e31e9ae274c9cc471bb9e84bbf01c10875afb2bd2178bb340&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501167675.jpg?k=257a880e6e886cfcec431240c35ed402c878e25480944977ca07766f43bdf609&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161816.jpg?k=716ffdc4625a2d714afd2fae01c02f78a6099e55d2256b703fdb239ec58fbb39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161924.jpg?k=038a9a242b598167a86783c8323eee898b52ea9874d14de88ec9937948f360c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161795.jpg?k=ad0fa653694698982432df0437ba4568ad51f21db658818d46e240c0886af95b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161870.jpg?k=3434ae47b45ea1e8138e0c17d33044d910c1b8a9f21f1200e7258a556c2483a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501161678.jpg?k=c31ef6a4aadb37b5a80adf7ea0acf82ece80738cc488ecc6db5ad1d2f03746ab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kotec 40 m"\n  - "Cinnabon 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/f-c-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts an impressive array of amenities. Guests are treated to spacious, air-conditioned living quarters complete with a balcony that offers sweeping views of the city. The interior is thoughtfully designed for comfort and utility, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a microwave and fridge, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment and relaxation are further enhanced by the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and two bathrooms, one of which is equipped with a luxurious hot tub. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home.

Adding to the appeal is the apartment's commitment to non-smoking accommodations, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. For those chilly evenings, a fireplace is available, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere.

Convenience is key at F C Tiranë, with an on-site bar offering a selection of drinks and a supermarket nearby for any grocery needs. The apartment's location is unbeatable for exploring Tirana's attractions, with Rinia Park, the Pyramid of Tirana, and the artistic installation Reja - The Cloud all within easy reach. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, making travel to and from the apartment a breeze.

F C Tiranë stands out as a top-tier accommodation option, blending the comforts of home with the excitement of Tirana's urban landscape.