---\ntitle: "Faces & Places Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Faces & Places Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515897547.jpg?k=5e46c9cf45b6c4ce95277cfb2000af32a02d67b5d16f9b292b1e86bb11fbc7bb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: faces-places-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Musa Karapici, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32932266\n  lng: 19.82637913\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515897547.jpg?k=5e46c9cf45b6c4ce95277cfb2000af32a02d67b5d16f9b292b1e86bb11fbc7bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513359007.jpg?k=20f727694d0df5c485af64b2478c31acc1f2759bcbec594cad154318c938dbf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513359023.jpg?k=3eb363edec37539ba6e5950a1d2548d771fcb2b10a42b8ae4934895a3473be88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515870528.jpg?k=07aa8b4ccda2ebca6362c147135fe234c4ae53ec34abaddece551df011fe56b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515897544.jpg?k=a1b52f84c65b3b7f131925481b460928c12e8fa090512ab69b2db39720f0f302&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515897546.jpg?k=b5f027dea6ffe91a2156f03acdc510a9a384a270d258a2f1f83551c08916880e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room: Prizren"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Shkodra"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Saranda"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Elbasani"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Shkupi"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Vlora"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Kukes"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Berat"\n  - "Standard Double Room: Ulqin"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 50 m"\n  - "Meet Friends 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Palushi"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This hotel has the perfect location! We loved the lockbox at the entrance, that made everything easier and faster, check in hours are from 7am to 9pm so they give you a code to access the building anytime you like.
The place was very attractive,...”"\n  - name: "Elio"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I liked the fact that the staff made me feel at home. The politeness was admirable. It was a pleasure dealing with them.
In regards to the hotel itself, i have no complaints, the room is nice and warm. As i said, it made me feel at home. Will...”"\n  - name: "Lorenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“This newly renovated Italian villa, blend modern architecture with Albanian traditions, offering a unique stay in the city's heart. The helpful staff catered to our every need, making us feel at home. Our room was cozy, comfortable, and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/faces-and-places-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Faces & Places Boutique Hotel is a testament to modern comfort, featuring a flat-screen TV with an array of satellite channels, a secure safety deposit box, and a private bathroom stocked with essentials. Select rooms elevate the experience further with private balconies and sweeping city views, ensuring every stay is as unique as the guests themselves. Comfort is paramount, with every room meticulously prepared with quality bed linen and towels.

Mornings at Faces & Places Boutique Hotel begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's prime location places guests within easy reach of notable attractions such as the enigmatic Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the historic Tanners' Bridge, and the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal base for both leisure and adventure.

Accessibility is effortless, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring smooth transitions from travel to tranquility. Faces & Places Boutique Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a refined stay in the heart of Tirana.