---\ntitle: "Family Hotel Haruni"\ndescription: "Family Hotel Haruni emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260712641.jpg?k=ada7392b34c0b2d26cfe894d24fe678c0da3452bff8e7fa3a4077b6bd03aacaa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: family-hotel-haruni\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Lagjia N:3, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76709143\n  lng: 20.00208842\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 53\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260712641.jpg?k=ada7392b34c0b2d26cfe894d24fe678c0da3452bff8e7fa3a4077b6bd03aacaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260705920.jpg?k=d9f43ad53f21d8ea845d89b8573f22c3952c6aae64002f1baff64085bd9c5fe8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102876696.jpg?k=d5a7062b168a57663b418f9350a5e2b2a87b3a6ff444a07c0ee5ea12e7d25b8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260706356.jpg?k=cee6fb6e50532e2c88632f8c08d705aa5be2310ce654a81dae4a2064b322641a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370199223.jpg?k=9c69b110ea704198f111619ab42d07e68e5e1bf645b7fca6d4b7e786cda66b06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106106505.jpg?k=aa227cab263d617d2421a5dbb77622b2144274e95ff9b69fb1c34897f805c640&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372706862.jpg?k=f3827534100456a79a347e5767e5ce57b94140b2ca0600a1d9a5f05a5944ab19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/177497845.jpg?k=e8a142a1243ffd60d2e35ba1721f6f4ca077c8ea25afe73d118dee5e7b8a15ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479075216.jpg?k=bab623ba1dcf0debf440d46b5207cb51e6803e22fcf19e064964fb00b036a19d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat Shop&Grill Rrapa 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Zgara Tradicionale 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 50 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The hotel is run by the lovely family who were super nice. The localization is really good: at the main street, few mins from the Black Pearl Beach. The room is simple but clean. Breakfast is nice. Wifi works good. Paid by cash. There is parking.”"\n  - name: "Ivona"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“This family hotel is perfect! The owners are beautiful, friendly and amazing hard working people. The place is spotless, rooms are very big and they all have a balcony. Breakfast was excellent, everything is home made and the all the ingredients...”"\n  - name: "Lukas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“great location great price great staff. owner come up to our room with coffee when we missed the complimentary breakfast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/family-haruni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Family Hotel Haruni is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels. Safety is prioritized with the inclusion of a deposit box, and the private bathrooms come generously appointed with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering tranquil garden views and private balconies for an intimate connection with nature. Convenience is enhanced with the inclusion of a fridge in every room, ensuring refreshments are always at hand.

Mornings at Family Hotel Haruni are greeted with a delightful choice between buffet and continental breakfast options, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those looking to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the region, Butrint National Park is merely 2.5 km away, offering a perfect excursion opportunity.

Situated 92 km from Corfu International Airport, Family Hotel Haruni represents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to some of Ksamil's most enchanting beaches and attractions.