---\ntitle: "Family Tree - best in area-SELF check in"\ndescription: "Family Tree Aparthotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361332504.jpg?k=5bae550be334ec131c5de1ed732e9e0469739912fd5efb78b123c1d4facfd097&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: family-tree-best-in-area-self-check-in\naddress: "Rruga Liria, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23591137\n  lng: 19.5192591\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 330\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361332504.jpg?k=5bae550be334ec131c5de1ed732e9e0469739912fd5efb78b123c1d4facfd097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439954339.jpg?k=6f94fa9fb94b5a83307a58f1d21ce262dc4e940c27bc2b0135f1a9d64c410f69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439954822.jpg?k=29c314eea79f5f71b3514192bb36c01c7ba7b20f4c4a8336d2571bb98cef7bb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439953930.jpg?k=e7ffbf35dec8348937e3e400a6d8991f31208b589a60407dcf0aa8b70ac01e8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400405879.jpg?k=ce0aa415404758854d0c2dbd65a1a97fe0a80ddaecfe6f168d0bdb31076e2e02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363668159.jpg?k=c7e27ddc2beff89b8c2ba1d333bb95f7e3569212208ee7884549619c6fd6ec7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364419101.jpg?k=44bb4bfd7c60b4aa1273241416bbe2f3967bb17d12de5f1fa553094948661d9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400405181.jpg?k=09099c0e57fa2635e550cc29bdccdde8b0db3720caf01db452a7183ec8d4fc9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400405912.jpg?k=ae017bda19104ead55fa5da1bcb94aa718f3aa538f1452b4b10bf71f8e2937b1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 200 m"\n  - "Delicious Dish 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 800 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ngenarr"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property manager was easily contactable by what's app, shops nearby, beach 5 min walk away. You could pick up public transport from a point that was about 15 mins walk away”"\n  - name: "Sanne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The appartements are so comfortable, fun (decoration, colorful paintings), practical (a lot of hooks or wooden shelves) en relaxed. Good location, quiet though close to the beach and shops. The host is extremely friendly and helpfull. I...”"\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“very good location, close to sea and main attractions, quiet area, easy large free parking available a few meters from the house, safe playground for children, super nice people ready to help (the lady helped me for my flight check in with her...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/family-tree.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of tranquility and privacy, with each unit boasting a private entrance, air conditioning, soundproofing, and a desk, ensuring a restful and productive stay. The private bathrooms come equipped with walk-in showers, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Moreover, every unit features a balcony that presents an outdoor dining area and captivating city views, allowing guests to soak in the ambiance of Golem from the comfort of their accommodation.

The provision of bed linen and towels in all units adds a touch of home, ensuring guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. For those who love to explore the great outdoors, the aparthotel is ideally located for hiking adventures, and car hire services are readily available for guests wishing to venture further afield.

Family Tree Aparthotel doesn't just cater to the needs of adults; it is a haven for young guests as well. With a children's playground and a picnic area on-site, families have the perfect setting for memorable moments together. 

Situated 47 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and just 6 km from the Rock of Kavaje, the aparthotel offers a unique opportunity to explore the local culture and natural beauty. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 42 km away, with the aparthotel providing a convenient paid airport shuttle service.

In summary, Family Tree Aparthotel is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable Golem adventure, offering the perfect mix of comfort, convenience, and family-friendly facilities.