---\ntitle: "Family Apartment in Golem"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Golem with a stay at the Family Apartment in Golem, a serene retreat boasting a lush garden setting."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357954985.jpg?k=fcf153e104e95430df4d3ba5d915f773d6e6c0ecd4ee5b02ee299057fb8ad9c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: family-apartment-in-golem\naddress: "Golem Kavaje, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2508043\n  lng: 19.52145898\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357954985.jpg?k=fcf153e104e95430df4d3ba5d915f773d6e6c0ecd4ee5b02ee299057fb8ad9c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357956766.jpg?k=c9190075c0f52feb69c309dcbf83ebfc836dc62198f512638ee1a90c2e67f849&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357957182.jpg?k=b5c76ffe98160e9092ff4461663178116520a8b6999e9c45408ee3413b1657fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361512959.jpg?k=876c871622649362c2af272330aaa2dafa1ec57710849e36a209216d3f4adcef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357957181.jpg?k=1059779c069bf4d3f6cd503533391a117e16f00867f933045d852a52bff4c0f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361512952.jpg?k=d81377aefd870f03acea1305433595ba9315e5e7ef65f35774673f8387b3b48a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361512955.jpg?k=b3a8827d5a2e3a8fb36dda6194a6a7acd6cf2c6ef1ba00adcd29df1c4b8af32a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361512956.jpg?k=1678ba5e88e5c9c2aa759cd1b1c2c72bc4bd000c8b580fed943bf73c95fd1814&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357956647.jpg?k=b86695a7543c2633db22ad80024e53e6ee8bc78df1685852406eadeeeea00f3a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla 50 m"\n  - "al&Ri 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 100 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ann-elin"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment close to the beach. The host is very friendly and responsive if you need help or information.”"\n  - name: "Aneta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We stayed a couple of nights and we loved it, the apartment was very clean and had everything you need for a beach holiday. Very close to the beach and lovely hosts, wish we could have stayed longer.
We definitely will be back next year. Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Meli"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Zentral und komfortabel eingerichtet. Die Eigentümer sind sehr freundlich. Jederzeit wieder👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/family-condo-in-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven doesn't just promise a comfortable stay; it delivers with a spacious layout that includes 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a balcony offering tranquil garden views. The apartment is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and the convenience of a private entrance underscore the property's commitment to privacy and comfort.

Situated a mere 400 meters from the serene Mali I Robit Beach and within proximity to notable landmarks like the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, the apartment serves as an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 41 km away, accessibility is never an issue.

For travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm, the Family Apartment in Golem emerges as a distinguished choice. Offering private parking on site and complimentary WiFi, this non-smoking property ensures that every aspect of your stay is catered to, making it a compelling option for those planning their next getaway to Golem.