---\ntitle: "Family Apartment Durres"\ndescription: "Family Apartment Durres presents a refreshing retreat in the heart of Durrës, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190015.jpg?k=f12423034404906ae98719d70d97ec8e04b2918fba0571a4e168614f32fd62de&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: family-apartment-durres\naddress: "Durres Rruga Taulantja Lagjia 1 zip code 2001, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31084374\n  lng: 19.43946283\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190015.jpg?k=f12423034404906ae98719d70d97ec8e04b2918fba0571a4e168614f32fd62de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477115038.jpg?k=fb0249990be5461bb5c9a2a886d7944823372bf82f1362ba86e70232b82a92a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190763.jpg?k=9448c1895bbbd5bf587e7425dca0c9699d7f4b2f072b71eb01e92b2c17dacbbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463189897.jpg?k=245f4008a2d28ff42245944abf9d32a5de43ff88f7702e203128005538927b1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190630.jpg?k=c68646b0f32f363275827b9b66db2c09ea8ff462f22f5c33b3721e45d1452b29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468391447.jpg?k=b12171fff900c08d121ca217541fd81f037c1508ddf26adc2b67e31e590f018c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190400.jpg?k=83b2d7a4480f1b57956b0f701d32f07c48ef2f89e9ef3768e3f6eb9b0894211a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463190503.jpg?k=687065f6c1964fcd993fb41bc24e8a16c8546a5c5876ed3a3d086371317fc475&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468476257.jpg?k=a63d94d1c733773228be595c5caace17f57c3df915bf0b00f0c8834cedac070d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gelateria Cela 40 m"\n  - "The Wall 2 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 500 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 900 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tove"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The apartment was lovely, very clean, excellent location and a very comfortable bed. What really gave an extra value to my stay though was how kind and helpful the host was. He came to pick me up at the buss station and then drove me to the buss...”"\n  - name: "Aifeng"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The owner is very nice. Picked me up from the bus station. The apartment is very clean, with very nice decration, very well equipped and in good central and near the beach location.”"\n  - name: "Gyorgy"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nagyon segitö kész tulaj, jò rlhrlyezkedés,kellemes lakás !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/family-apartment-durres-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a washing machine for added convenience during longer stays. The kitchen is thoughtfully equipped with a refrigerator and all the essentials needed for a home-cooked meal, making it ideal for families or those preferring the comforts of home dining. The provision of towels, bed linen, and a delightful addition of fruits enhances the homely experience.

Located strategically, Family Apartment Durres is a mere 40 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 43 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an excellent base for exploring the wider region. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 34 km away, ensuring a smooth transition to and from this charming accommodation.

This property stands out for its strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the convenience of city living, Family Apartment Durres is an exceptional choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in Durrës.