---\ntitle: "Fantastic 2 bedroom Apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Fantastic 2 Bedroom Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478862517.jpg?k=02341f213aca743cad09930e8da4708f10875d8dc3a09fea3a432ba4bdfdad84&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fantastic-2-bedroom-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Njazi Demi, 0001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32181923\n  lng: 19.8096009\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478862517.jpg?k=02341f213aca743cad09930e8da4708f10875d8dc3a09fea3a432ba4bdfdad84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478862502.jpg?k=9923d2041d4061d5e558478a3c5e94cf236a56785728f22228178ac96eaf46bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490926538.jpg?k=35db255f0f32efdcea8f78491d7e7452d102899581c04fc4ebbcb20950bd38e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478862523.jpg?k=7f9e751c1d10c3bb92c92363bb65ed8dd7a6a247b3895eee508f6e2805be07e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478862456.jpg?k=97f8e3de75d97df22e87591a36156c2e064d058b306746155a66bdb9e525b0db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490926377.jpg?k=f8343d1959d9c658b705d700b8677dc8a60389e9466ff048be0ea402b1d4b584&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek te Çastit 50 m"\n  - "Zgara Korcare Komuna E Parisit 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 850 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottima posizione al centro di Tirana.
Appartamento ristrutturato.
Due camere spaziose.
Un bagno nuovo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fantastic-2-bedroom-flat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe Fantastic 2 Bedroom Apartment stands out for its thoughtful amenities and home-like comfort. Each apartment is equipped with a fully functional kitchen, making it perfect for families or groups desiring a more personalized stay. The inclusion of a washing machine, free WiFi, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures that guests enjoy the conveniences of modern living while away from home. Air conditioning in all units guarantees a comfortable retreat from Tirana's bustling streets and warm climate. Select apartments also boast a balcony, offering a private space to unwind and soak in the city's atmosphere.

For those interested in delving into Albania's history and culture, the apartment's location is unbeatably convenient. It is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks such as the Reja - The Cloud, the evocative Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. The Pyramid of Tirana and Rinia Park are also within easy reach, providing ample opportunities for leisure and exploration. Furthermore, the Rock of Kavaje, located 44 km away, presents an excellent day trip option for those looking to explore beyond the city limits.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests. Whether visiting for leisure or business, the Fantastic 2 Bedroom Apartment offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion that is hard to match.