---\ntitle: "Feel at home ap1"\ndescription: "Feel at Home ap1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198422.jpg?k=105f6587fe90ca9322c382108249d22c03cdff6b0eca144b16f506f11da24a0a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: feel-at-home-ap1\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi Godina 85, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32606592\n  lng: 19.83124363\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 86\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198422.jpg?k=105f6587fe90ca9322c382108249d22c03cdff6b0eca144b16f506f11da24a0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198449.jpg?k=12bef00e38e411643f8db45214a48fff9e9c019a8c6196e953a4d2f392c0ba3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198091.jpg?k=aaa25d35112256b4198a34322bd4a69e75f2b80031ad7763367d40d23d5f1cfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198184.jpg?k=fca4f512197c2e943cf41ae268be217034c068f1d4eda90773dd96dbfe1d59b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198551.jpg?k=e42b9fe154e43118fc2894304c3b36a17ef98074ef355823790427b79f53d6ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429203978.jpg?k=1e79a12fbdcb65fdbfae5f6b1fc899987b4128a2152c69749576805c42b566f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198138.jpg?k=716851051d9c67f5160b512f35fab35b1b9ecb004423d233d1c8ceadd5422406&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429198596.jpg?k=65c75b6d1dc298bd5a87c249fa8d5fe921f0e7438d09da801f4fa7fc09aca430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429197861.jpg?k=bb9dfe67f9de05aab8625569897b701432542873f1322609d2ff684a2aa53238&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Me Gusta 30 m"\n  - "Vjosa Restaurnt 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petar"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very clean and central located. Apartment owner is very kind and responsive and doing everything he can to make your stay as comfortable as possible. 10/10”"\n  - name: "Veli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Will definitely come back! Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Ian"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Communication with the host was quick and reliable for any questions I had regarding Tirana or the apartment 👌”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/feel-at-home-ap1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself by providing both complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, a rarity in the bustling cityscape. Additionally, it upholds a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests. Its proximity to historical sites, such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located just 1.6 km away, adds a layer of intrigue for those keen on delving into Albania's storied past.

Accommodation at Feel at Home ap1 is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those leisurely evenings in. The inclusion of a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen allows guests the freedom to prepare meals at their leisure, while the balcony offers serene city views, providing a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation.

For those looking to explore local culture and shopping, Feel at Home ap1 is conveniently located near Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it an ideal base for both leisure and exploration. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, guests will find their travel to and from the apartment a breeze.

In summary, Feel at Home ap1 stands out as a stellar accommodation choice for those visiting Tirana, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and access to local attractions, making it a must-consider for your next city getaway.