---\ntitle: "Fegi Rooms"\ndescription: "Fegi Rooms emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Himare, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Spille Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438852513.jpg?k=9b84e62c362a7fa5d603f26e66108465d101f62a2cc301a22fe2bd48ef05d857&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fegi-rooms\naddress: "SH8, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10782095\n  lng: 19.7415579\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438852513.jpg?k=9b84e62c362a7fa5d603f26e66108465d101f62a2cc301a22fe2bd48ef05d857&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438838785.jpg?k=4fdbad12203ecde0681de108b07e0bb9a6270e0ddd2ec20b7c93095b11aefb05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438829078.jpg?k=44d8ae23c570d4f49afa3321c3b75023c88118c525049fcb257b5d821a9d6eff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438838782.jpg?k=08972f2004d17625a823e68a1a8510db234c875d3f7550c282b8473b0c40c493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435510716.jpg?k=b601fd0c3b0e0316fe1d7209419db2d41bd91a834c18c18766d4996945bf775a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435510755.jpg?k=fdee9f983a39e70e8f3d91c5d20a29dbcc765f22d454dc1f9c58d57409d1e34e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Studio with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blue Bay 500 m"\n  - "La Pasteria 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 700 m"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Prinos Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Potam Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Selda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was great at this property.. amazing staff that is friendly and makes customers feel welcome. The rooms were clean, very comfortable and high quality. I highly recommend this property for anyone visiting Himara.”"\n  - name: "Dejvid"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room is fully equipped, it matches the description! We were 3 friends on vacation in Himara. The host was very kind and communicative he was big help. Whats written on the description you have everything, extra free bar with drinks and...”"\n  - name: "Kika"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Its very clean and super comfy with a lot off space”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fegi-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Fegi Rooms is a testament to comfort and functionality, equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. Select rooms boast a captivating city view, adding an extra layer of charm to the guest experience. The inclusion of a minibar in all units further enhances the room's appeal, offering refreshments within arm's reach.

Strategically located, Fegi Rooms offers easy access to the picturesque Livadhi Beach, just 2.2 km away, inviting guests to explore the natural beauty of the area. For those traveling from afar, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 144 km away, underscores the inn's convenient location for international and domestic travelers alike.

Fegi Rooms stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the enchanting city of Himare.