---\ntitle: "Fenix Hotel"\ndescription: "Fenix Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865607.jpg?k=a63e0552e29de86b0309e6504109a7a945d383e40122a3b1b760ca682ad678e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fenix-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Ksamil Rruga Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76641446\n  lng: 20.00202302\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 170\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865607.jpg?k=a63e0552e29de86b0309e6504109a7a945d383e40122a3b1b760ca682ad678e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865616.jpg?k=79376b486fe1f4bf120eaa6af915d5e72a065d948ea41abd3c4405884111a2e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374183758.jpg?k=6369998bbe5a732a12ea06318e0fe365ab4422dd18a9804f7ea3a44b7c27d175&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865662.jpg?k=1193743fe31790e2a8c3e9b30f00c7123fd8f76dd2f422c1fa068b1163a9a9ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865677.jpg?k=c13571433c90e2e2dcb40b18b4468ce6b188630d815106031384f32abfa05bf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374183832.jpg?k=e9ddd851ba09fe2fdb9328b76f68ad06347340a5d568a25ab741bdd13de3e310&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865678.jpg?k=5b2fbe43181c535f073ed8a1f9154fc9bd1fe7843b01a0be34d523302116db64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374183783.jpg?k=934abc73ada33354b24f0e6035e435f622382afba387ac7ac7c36be740edb286&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865692.jpg?k=be44a98a47ae7a4cee6187ceae88d9dc16853d2e634d8dae13d3aa2d28d14caa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 30 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Staff was very helpful. I had some issues with booking, but staff helped to resolve the issue quickly”"\n  - name: "Anna-rose"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Highly recommend this property. The rooms were a large size and decorated well. Loved the balcony and the staff were very helpful!”"\n  - name: "Dana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The staff was very helpful and kind, beautiful and comfy room with a hot tub, great breakfast, modern design, good distance to the beach”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fenix-studio-39-s-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Fenix Hotel are treated to a host of thoughtful amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts a selection of well-appointed rooms, each featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, ample storage with a wardrobe, and the convenience of a fridge. Entertainment and relaxation are ensured with a flat-screen TV, while the private balcony offers captivating views of the cityscape. Ensuring a comfortable stay, each room is also equipped with fresh bed linen, towels, and a private bathroom.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Fenix Hotel offers a range of facilities to cater to the needs of its guests. The property includes a shared lounge for socializing, complimentary private parking for those arriving by car, and a terrace that invites guests to unwind in the open air. The hotel's commitment to service is evident with its 24-hour front desk, ATM, and currency exchange services, ensuring a hassle-free experience for international travelers.

For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is a mere 2.6 km away, offering a perfect opportunity for an adventurous day out. Additionally, for guests traveling from afar, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km from the hotel, making Fenix Hotel a convenient choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Fenix Hotel stands out as a welcoming retreat in Ksamil, offering a harmonious blend of location, amenities, and service, poised to make any stay memorable.