---\ntitle: "Ferienwohnung Durres Albania"\ndescription: "Ferienwohnung Durres Albania emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës, situated just a short stroll from Currila Beach and within easy reach of Kallmi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611275.jpg?k=37393bc3d433ae7be1b19ecfa832c7d47d4e8eea1dc59e124a20c1a873a1b432&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ferienwohnung-durres-albania\naddress: "8 Rruga Mbreteresha Teuta, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3116976\n  lng: 19.4395261\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611275.jpg?k=37393bc3d433ae7be1b19ecfa832c7d47d4e8eea1dc59e124a20c1a873a1b432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611278.jpg?k=b8304a712fc6e398e2ff5f748879d1dc256e1b404612a5660309fdf110274896&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471644269.jpg?k=34228de3f5453fefd2179e4f116d3402c8c2f84b1fef3157eccdcf95bea3f5f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611268.jpg?k=1a2930f8d211569e90eea0a3eae14240365e5305d63f4cd41bbe11d8fa19dca4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611282.jpg?k=eb9046d41fb1b8c9f111dadbf637940c218f332daec8a03efe4a6789448db1fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611288.jpg?k=0e8ec0b27d0c771e207f541156f25fa07ee0c5070706de12f6a763d2e66bf479&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611281.jpg?k=9131ed84d4c8fcff9dd5c9bbdf037d038eea80117daf5d531800a60dbf1bf4fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611289.jpg?k=e3d31f088655b9d53c1d986f2c84ba76fb400c128e1c206b06b98c1a6c926496&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470611286.jpg?k=387eacca0ed395b44add5fdcf4c241ecc1d6ac7ff3a9ee6d72c071ca839cf033&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golden Apple 100 m"\n  - "Gelateria Cela 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 150 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 950 m"\n  - "West End Beach 2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 450 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 850 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 950 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“- The communication with the host and his mother was very good, he gave us a lot of useful information and was very friendly. We communicated over WhatsApp which was very practical. - the house was very clean and practical
- the AC was good and...”"\n  - name: "Gianluca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“sono Gianluca di Roma Sono stato ospite della struttura per una settimana e non posso che dare giudizi positivi. I proprietari sono stati molto ospitali e disponibili ,la casa e' molto grande,molto arieggiata.i letti sono tutti comodi e la...”"\n  - name: "Agnes"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nagyon kedves a tulaj.Olyan a lakás mind a képeken,szép és nagyon tiszta.Jó volt a wifi és a smartos tv.Minden nagyon közel volt.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ferienwohnung-durres-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe interior of the apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen is a highlight, fully stocked with an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, inviting guests to prepare meals just the way they like.

One of the apartment's most enchanting features is its balcony. Furnished for comfort, it offers a splendid view of the sea, making it an ideal spot for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the quality of stay for all guests.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, West End Beach awaits at a distance of 2.5 km, offering another spot for relaxation and sunbathing. For those willing to venture further, Skanderbeg Square is 40 km away, presenting an opportunity for a day trip filled with cultural exploration. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 34 km from the property, making Ferienwohnung Durres Albania a well-positioned base for both local and international travelers.