---\ntitle: "Festim Villa Hotel"\ndescription: "Festim Villa Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, situated a mere 6."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475435475.jpg?k=3bd6505586085ef32589fbe016df5c3333e4817735c57273d92f608f27e3988a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: festim-villa-hotel\naddress: "Vlorë Bypass, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43223654\n  lng: 19.50834992\nprice: "US$87"\npriceFrom: 87\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 147\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475435475.jpg?k=3bd6505586085ef32589fbe016df5c3333e4817735c57273d92f608f27e3988a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475435413.jpg?k=a6304527c2f1e8b11f0920dd259dfcdb1aff5d654fab2bcce06bd99642199164&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475439731.jpg?k=b182e0bd43a46ac148cf6999b47210d36c86d6839d5c45bcd7b3e14158f1b269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475435469.jpg?k=eee0dffe91f3d61259726096acd392cc949114d84b1dab22ad65c1d1fec07bdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475438522.jpg?k=2e5b26431dccd487276f35c698b5f5a538e0d6c745e9273ce4aa935b572558de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475435464.jpg?k=209425c86fa4b636f68e543194753b495907b6eb66abf52329a6fd705d14c1d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 3.2 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing looking hotel, it's brand new and looks better than the photos. The bed was incredibly comfortable - the best mattress we've slept on. The view was absolutely phenomenal, and the garden is beautiful. The staff was really friendly.”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Stunning location and view. We just stayed for a night after flying to Tirana airport. Nice pool and loungers overlooking the sea. Great view from the rooms.”"\n  - name: "Naheeda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful Hotel with amazing views. Spotlessly clean. The gardens are so pretty with fruit trees. We only stayed for 2 nights. Breakfast was lovely with a large variety. I had laundry done too. Kids enjoyed the indoor swimming pool. It's 10 mins...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/festim-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Festim Villa Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony that presents breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and the serene sea, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of Vlorë. The rooms are equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning and a desk, ensuring a comfortable stay. The private bathrooms come with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the experience.

Connectivity is seamless throughout the property, with free WiFi available to all guests, ensuring that staying in touch or planning the next day's adventures is hassle-free. The attentive room service and a reception ready to offer local insights further enhance the stay, making Festim Villa Hotel an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and exploration.

For those venturing from afar, the hotel is conveniently located 156 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors. Festim Villa Hotel stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty in Vlorë.