---\ntitle: "Feti Xhone Apartment"\ndescription: "Feti Xhone Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307011161.jpg?k=6690d8fc4e3823ed30c92074d82855c4dfc2552ac8c5ec7b9921aa72b3103353&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: feti-xhone-apartment\naddress: "rruga adria, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76227775\n  lng: 19.99778867\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 96\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 7.4\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 7.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307011161.jpg?k=6690d8fc4e3823ed30c92074d82855c4dfc2552ac8c5ec7b9921aa72b3103353&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470312075.jpg?k=25707262607602331b934e50fcbfd4401ff5cfa04dec4712047f456e75db7284&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477210055.jpg?k=2cc9f08bcd0f75a29eb319383b41deda27cfdd332eb238ebc711784cd7965ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477210241.jpg?k=ecd260920ecd1452794bd3435e5914b03777e9d1058b0356a473d13c3cb9965d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477210312.jpg?k=5026aa8e12fc853aabe0ab895a2e59b489497328e9ae77d028069694c5c26812&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258549330.jpg?k=3dcacbbf592bd5ab18e9c495f8129a3da420dec7aca5ab04806078d1eef7a1ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470311892.jpg?k=6cc1ff0cf1e414f2c5904b0d802ed023bb93d36fc5e41c7b398908d77cb41ebc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/136449639.jpg?k=af6937dd962d2d90d49bcdfdadd1dac34c8af72c9dacb2675aacd2e7a4b9eeae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477210380.jpg?k=d795eea2ac5b855e9bc035f4681f728e8a6752d0f3e18a90efca5a6f39607e64&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (250 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 350 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 550 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lianne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very comfortable, neat room that had everything you needed.”"\n  - name: "Duygu"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The staff were very helpful and friendly, especially Kasandra and her mother. Good news for Turks: Kasandra speaks Turkish very well :) The room was very clean and tidy but it would have been better if there was a TV and a hair dryer. The room was...”"\n  - name: "Beck"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Our stay here was perfect. Close to a lot of beaches. The room was very clean and tidy. The hosts were super helpful and even offered to take our bags from the bus station to the room. Highly recommend this stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/feti-xhone-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex prides itself on providing a seamless stay with amenities designed to cater to every guest's needs. Each air-conditioned unit boasts a thoughtful layout, including select apartments that feature a cozy seating area with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. Privacy and ease of access are guaranteed, as all units come with their own private entrance.

For those who relish outdoor dining, the property offers barbecue facilities, allowing guests to enjoy a meal under the stars on their private balcony during the warmer months.

Situated just 3.1 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and a scenic drive from Corfu International Airport, 92 km away, Feti Xhone Apartment serves as an ideal base for explorers looking to immerse themselves in the natural and historical wonders of the region. With the addition of complimentary private parking and WiFi, guests are assured a hassle-free and connected stay, making Feti Xhone Apartment a top choice for families and solo travelers alike.