---\ntitle: "Fieri International Hotel"\ndescription: "Fieri International Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Fier, located just 37 km away from the historic Independence Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108197297.jpg?k=811221de3e7e1b73a20ac0a127f188be2ee6208a7f504c09274797d05d1eafec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fieri-international-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Cameria, 9300 Fier, Albania"\ncity: "Fier"\nlocation: "Fier"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.724612\n  lng: 19.559955\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 173\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108197297.jpg?k=811221de3e7e1b73a20ac0a127f188be2ee6208a7f504c09274797d05d1eafec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227486440.jpg?k=6a5a8c2ca7f2e8f99c0e78f0e32e22446858c7612bf7dce6b360a9eee0b6175d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227487326.jpg?k=86f8e1ab44c61bc6ee046362efa8317e5d30cf0292826b9cb6c6f4269273163e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108166757.jpg?k=1bfbf12a3d7e25087853016423167c8c8bf9eb53ca8915c4a0ab1dbe98770129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227484935.jpg?k=e3c15c82ec813d224818064d8b07d6a742fe859dd153f3ba73284ab5819c8b66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108166803.jpg?k=b9ee82d1f5ddc720311d72052625b5f3be7340c9bb3804d4ba185c8a3a3c0ca9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Mazreku 150 m"\n  - "Bar Sanremo 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 76 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“It was our second time staying here. Great hotel, and great value for the money! Overall, we were yet again pleased. We’d rather have stayed at the newer building though.”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Easy to find. Great parking space. Nice breakfast. The staff were friendly and we really had a great experience here.”"\n  - name: "Funda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We stayed only 1 day, it was clean and very close to city center. Staff were so warm welcoming and helpful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fieri-international.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Fieri International Hotel are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, ensuring a blend of functionality and comfort. Additionally, the provision of bed linen and towels, coupled with air conditioning and ample wardrobe space, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

The hotel prides itself on offering a seamless experience with its 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfer services, attentive room service, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises. Whether it's the need for luggage storage or the desire for a hassle-free stay, the hotel's array of services caters to the diverse needs of its guests.

Situated a mere 38 km from the scenic Kuzum Baba and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 107 km away, Fieri International Hotel stands as a gateway to exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region. This hotel not only promises a comfortable stay but also serves as a launchpad for adventures in and around Fier.