---\ntitle: "Fiona's Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Fiona's Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109271784.jpg?k=ece41eb7745d74b312323b57c0bdfd227f95a2b45d207b5d5662d7d9259f442a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fiona-s-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Fafa Resort- Apartment 6, building A-2 Boulevard Pishave Mali Robit , 1400 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23590081\n  lng: 19.51563543\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109271784.jpg?k=ece41eb7745d74b312323b57c0bdfd227f95a2b45d207b5d5662d7d9259f442a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377498059.jpg?k=0ffe09dc6cb440fbc33d79d8b944ca6aef836ee61f810feb23c5bd4814e64f4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377499115.jpg?k=31a6b70aa576c258d8486ae781c920f2f31cf5df42d6c3691997ff885a1297d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109268906.jpg?k=0ffd8af05dc690f690b58ff2a5940ffbf5d70cb232ada6036cd0f7d22b8eec18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377497328.jpg?k=b04e6f97e2194ad4d121696dc8e19c3c78aac1cae9722b0588b9a73fbbf2cb7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109271931.jpg?k=f8624840fc35e0b2273fa729ecb7e36f7edfc30c0f10813655c1055b7fb45617&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107550870.jpg?k=e51f2159242a40daf8f9313f8ef3252fafadd52caae16b8d805db4742025f17f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469458480.jpg?k=bd88363627aa8916a84b4efd4d95432954d233d13f73bdf571226ec1e14ec067&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469458140.jpg?k=a60a5203bc0e7dabd3e3ae37cf99687d6a14b0a0efde8af871ce82a085f0fd8d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "4 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Berti Golem 20 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 0 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alex"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“- very close to the beach
- very big and clean apartment
- sea view from the balcony
- everything you need in the apartment
- very close to restaurants and shops
- very good colaboration with the owner”"\n  - name: "Szabina"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Everything was really cool. The apartment is very clean and had everything we neededThe host is very kind, cute and interested in what our family needs. I hope that we will have another opportunity to stay in the apartment. 😁”"\n  - name: "Noran"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was really perfect. An amazing very helpful host made the check in and out and the stay very easy and nice. The apartment is spacious, clean, and in a fantastic location. You can see the beach from the balcony and it's just very short...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-view-appartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, equipped with two bedrooms and a bathroom, along with essential amenities such as bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the terrace offers an idyllic setting for meals outdoors, with garden views adding to the ambiance. The added convenience of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's dedication to privacy and exclusivity.

Dining at Fiona's Sea View Apartment is a culinary delight, with a family-friendly restaurant that serves dinner, lunch, and brunch, specializing in delectable Italian cuisine. For those inclined towards outdoor activities, the apartment's location is ideal for fishing enthusiasts or guests looking to unwind in the lush garden.

Situated conveniently close to both Qerret Beach and Golem Beach, each just 1.4 km away, the apartment offers easy access to local attractions. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 42 km away, with the apartment facilitating travel arrangements through a paid airport shuttle service. Fiona's Sea View Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Golem in a setting that combines modern comforts with natural beauty.