---\ntitle: "Fiqe rental"\ndescription: "Fiqe Rental emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216542500.jpg?k=f4333664f0dc1e04000827f083d3f9ff8dc6cc8e14747f0f797ea39b519805e5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fiqe-rental\naddress: "Rruga Petro Korçari 8-10, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31894569\n  lng: 19.80219193\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 129\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216542500.jpg?k=f4333664f0dc1e04000827f083d3f9ff8dc6cc8e14747f0f797ea39b519805e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697427.jpg?k=62d21f3a54032f22be0a537002d8c00d5e076e7cab355ee4865ea2163fac1396&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697432.jpg?k=d70d562323ad50984a20d6f70b6b28460a21b565c1638e71659c56675f337b49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218219800.jpg?k=6e15d89cf4f79b5d2488b61980bb9664239d6cf2a01065ea3904867c4f9bc232&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697311.jpg?k=b614eed2e3c9dd877406aecf312dd61f4fc55f3e522c6f275edd73483c0435e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/318210485.jpg?k=a413191203e2bb3413c4acdee872cc62a43557c3eda44be685398b84ea9862a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697428.jpg?k=771d203957bf1096b14b6d58243cfcb3e8b844e9478a11dda5e13f836b748c8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697443.jpg?k=bd49002f028b19f75f8df8f648ac7a9bd1a47d1b7ce382af20250cb94a3500da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216542357.jpg?k=a52764546423970d10143aa914f11e915622d8b37846b55019e47347858b415d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216543412.jpg?k=40841b5aab9b5c7665d00f04a886c09b87b6b25416a208d594ae448b7abc31cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214697349.jpg?k=5357125e0f448a678160634b17997724874539ad88cf6c8766a3e9ba6c59d1a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216543626.jpg?k=52238ee5ce11aa1d0a8e8744559fea9ee878a21dd010005d3fbabb479ad263af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Kupa Hallall 50 m"\n  - "AMare 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 950 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ariana"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartament is pretty spacious and has everything that you need. It is located half an hour away from the city center, but there are various stores and supermarkets around, including a pizza place right downstairs. The host is very friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Raquel"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“We are a family of four and we were really comfortable here. It was really clean and we had everything we needed. WiFi worked perfectly well. Smart TV with Netflix. Supermarkets nearby. We arrived really late and they offered a taxi service from...”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Really nice owner, really nice place. We recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fiqe-rental.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Pet-Friendly Stays"\nbestCategories: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\ncategory: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting a spacious layout that includes one bedroom, a bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower, and a dressing room for added convenience. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen ensures that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. Moreover, the balcony offers captivating city views, allowing guests to soak in the urban landscape from the comfort of their private space.

For those who value connectivity, the apartment does not disappoint, providing complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises. Pet owners will be pleased to find that their furry friends are welcome, making it a perfect choice for travelers who prefer not to part with their pets.

Additional amenities include an outdoor dining area, perfect for those moments when guests wish to dine al fresco. For explorations beyond the apartment, a car rental service is conveniently available, facilitating easy access to Tirana's array of attractions such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Rinia Park, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud.

Situated merely 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Fiqe Rental also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless arrival and departure experience for guests. This apartment stands out as a compelling option for those seeking a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and the warmth of Albanian hospitality.