---\ntitle: "First Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining"\ndescription: "First Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining emerges as a charming escape, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Radhimë Beach in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518564.jpg?k=47d2ff5ca4d7ab122ccf154ca05148b5beae97414a23bfa29a1726ff3a208f1a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: first-room-of-cozy-beachside-haven-panoramic-radhime-retreat-with-balcony-dining\naddress: "Rruga Numan Bilani Radhimë, 9400, Albania, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.36640582\n  lng: 19.48204684\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 7.3\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518564.jpg?k=47d2ff5ca4d7ab122ccf154ca05148b5beae97414a23bfa29a1726ff3a208f1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518555.jpg?k=46c977dfe7817910f551b9a96c6e65513a5fc0bcd4261e997f228dee7f1e952a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518538.jpg?k=a10f00d3dff37285a13d9da6e0a90aa418e0a178d337c5f5f4df071b8d1f3262&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518532.jpg?k=22dfd82f9757588ecbe6e9c896b8adc18073041f9a8793e8308df468fc0c139e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518516.jpg?k=e380a4e873bb19820ed66f614e45395968af5ee6416be19d039191de9bbab23d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456518543.jpg?k=1f07f8088bfccf47d5b4ef97d4362d49b7b2764cbfda1aa20223eda26c4744cd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Veliera 50 m"\n  - "Hallau 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 950 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2 km"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 11 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The fantastic view from your balcony, waking up to the sound of the sea and the great hospital of the owners. We were warmly welcomed and always ready for us. The price quality ratio is really good and you are in a wonderful place for this mini...”"\n  - name: "Melisce0582"\n    country: "Peru"\n    text: "“Super close to a beautiful beach!!! The studio had enough to spend a few days relaxing!”"\n  - name: "Albi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was fantastic, you can hear the waves of the sea at night and enjoy a wonderful view during the day under the shade of the garden trees with many fruits. A perfect place for solo travelers and couples. A highly cultured staff at your...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-beachside-haven-panoramic-radhime-retreat-with-balcony-dining-first-buildin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property distinguishes itself with its beachfront allure, providing guests with unfettered access to a private balcony that boasts breathtaking sea views. The air-conditioned retreat is thoughtfully designed, featuring a single bedroom complemented by a fully equipped kitchenette, ensuring a comfortable and self-sufficient stay. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the experience.

Guests of this holiday home are treated to an exclusive outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals al fresco while soaking in the panoramic views. The provision of free WiFi and private parking further enhances the appeal, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and connectivity.

Situated within easy reach of notable landmarks, the property is just 1.5 km from the main Radhimë Beach and a short drive from the historic Independence Square and the picturesque Kuzum Baba, both located 13 km away. For those looking to explore further, Kevi Beach is also nearby, merely 1.7 km from the doorstep.

For international visitors, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 162 km away, making First Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining an accessible haven for both local and global travelers in search of a tranquil beachside retreat.