---\ntitle: "First Room of Panoramic Perch - Hilltop Room with Kitchenette and Patio"\ndescription: "First Room of Panoramic Perch - Hilltop Room with Kitchenette and Patio, located in the vibrant city of Vlorë, offers a unique retreat just 200 meters from the serene Radhimë Beach and a short distance from its namesake, providing guests with an unparalleled beachfront experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986122.jpg?k=d595291fa9b5bd7de6de30113254d4ed7525d6ce0190713020f59ebc4105bf04&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: first-room-of-panoramic-perch-hilltop-room-with-kitchenette-and-patio\naddress: "Rruga Numan Bilani Radhimë, 9400, Albania, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.36628696\n  lng: 19.48240411\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986122.jpg?k=d595291fa9b5bd7de6de30113254d4ed7525d6ce0190713020f59ebc4105bf04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986123.jpg?k=1e2e8bba582e5e1c9348d37e77a59c668f872f289c444fb747ad1466bf7d881f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986112.jpg?k=7e23fcc07860fbdddae5d111cb409c6f81b2a85389d8b570666f1610a2efc5c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986109.jpg?k=92ac59c6f6ed627e8bfd357fafead3253aff84b5f514af1355b2123f12949e71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986093.jpg?k=93f957809df4a473374ebd364a29138bd88fe3bb244e91a00b192b11f05cf3db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986103.jpg?k=5c7215f64de426a713e91b01fb142cd6c134b190bb63bdf8c93edb602abe7aa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986121.jpg?k=6fa2e539b1e4b62ff373623dc986440f9fbef7bf1c0442e601fd4db1cc0e05c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986071.jpg?k=23315c26b1c2e641fa5de2694dc62570e41ebb91d2e65e2173ef74214803c029&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461986096.jpg?k=5cce9d3af2d519b6541a76651abf3254efdd2a70ef5b8724faae52110bf02d12&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Veliera 100 m"\n  - "Hallau 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 950 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2 km"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 11 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Varga"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“We arrived one day earlier in the evening, they were very kind, and gave us an appartment. Next day we could move into the one we'have booked. 😊 the view was fantastic!”"\n  - name: "Giulia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very friendly owners, house surrounded by greenery and a stone's throw from the sea”"\n  - name: "Roberto"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The location, high up on the hill with a great view”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/first-room-of-panoramic-perch-hilltop-room-with-kitchenette-and-patio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nThe holiday home itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. With air conditioning for those warm summer days, the accommodation includes a bedroom complemented by a fully equipped kitchenette, perfect for those who appreciate the option to dine in. The highlight, however, is undoubtedly the patio. Offering not just sea views but also a picturesque backdrop of the mountains, it's an ideal spot for guests to savor a meal in the outdoor dining area, adding a touch of magic to every bite.

Privacy is paramount at First Room of Panoramic Perch, with the holiday home boasting a private entrance, ensuring a secluded and intimate stay. Beyond the confines of this charming retreat, guests will find Kevi Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba within easy reach, both less than 14 km away. For those looking to explore further, Independence Square offers a slice of local culture and history, also located 13 km from the property.

For international travelers, the journey to this hidden gem is facilitated by its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 162 km away, making First Room of Panoramic Perch - Hilltop Room with Kitchenette and Patio an accessible escape for those seeking a blend of beachfront bliss, cultural exploration, and unparalleled comfort.