---\ntitle: "Fishta apartments Q5 34"\ndescription: "Fishta Apartments Q5 34 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Velipojë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Velipoja Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489808.jpg?k=ae0e3c88a8c815c33aeec3b2f58749599d6e095532a50918b3a2951f14611bc0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fishta-apartments-q5-34\naddress: "Rruga Shtepia e Peshkatareve, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86336982\n  lng: 19.42607689\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489808.jpg?k=ae0e3c88a8c815c33aeec3b2f58749599d6e095532a50918b3a2951f14611bc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489911.jpg?k=bb149be412eca308be3cd1d1a3e108db3647150e71609716cdf5e851df1a7e3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489975.jpg?k=4de8aef7b4c50a4d194414821075d1a97b540eb46c7f976af8036eb9759b3a7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489869.jpg?k=c86d1975a7603d7128edc5b9221fa7780fb2cc5e506e895141dca891a58ac8f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489898.jpg?k=031bbf43d64215fdc9ade184129b0ffdd5326d8e9b82f9fb508dd94402974b59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468371404.jpg?k=7a5e1f6716f159f8d6a88266dd8d997e20bbd68be091f9081ce9c377f95a4369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489958.jpg?k=c985fbf71da381a3370e94803efd393c6765f2097565fea4b47b80d4d3cd5539&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464489940.jpg?k=2355b3619024b88c0fa227644ba4c839521cc6d283b0f932d87af69bd2c123f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468371279.jpg?k=474431bdc88612c94abd16d14efeeccbf526526ddefd5516a9bafacedc5cea78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma E Gostivarit 50 m"\n  - "Qebaptore Prizreni Velipojë 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 150 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arsida"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing facilities, very clean. Had everything we needed. Staff were amazing and so quick and helpful. Amazing view and comfy beds.”"\n  - name: "Ermira"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and has modern furnitures. It’s a perfect apartment to stay when you’re in Velipoje. The view of the sea was excellent. Furthermore the owner is very friendly and helps every time. He picked us up from the bus station...”"\n  - name: "Renato"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The perfect location, Supermarket only open 24 hours a day.
The staff is very kind and helpful 24 hours, ⤚5-star apartment with all the comforts.
They can sleep up to 8 people comfortably.
At the beach you find Vip umbrellas with 4 sun beds at...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fishta-apartments-q5-34.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring air-conditioned spaces that open up to a balcony presenting breathtaking sea views. Designed to accommodate the needs of the contemporary traveler, the apartment spans across two bedrooms and includes a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, alongside a fully equipped kitchen that houses a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay, while the outdoor dining area invites guests to savor the ambiance of Velipojë's scenic beauty.

Privacy is paramount at Fishta Apartments Q5 34, with the accommodation offering a private entrance for guests. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of outdoor play equipment, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests.

Situated 30 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and 32 km from the tranquil Lake Skadar, the apartment serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to delve into the region's rich heritage and natural wonders. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 83 km away, with the property facilitating travel arrangements through its paid airport shuttle service.

Fishta Apartments Q5 34 stands out as a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing to Velipojë.