---\ntitle: "Fishta Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Fishta Guesthouse emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487958359.jpg?k=cb637a79c7d0075a14669a7e84b45d54a8c3c233de2243a28ff540413802af67&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fishta-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Lezhë - Vau i Dejës 0, 4505 Fishtë, Albania"\ncity: "Fishtë"\nlocation: "Fishtë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.89766735\n  lng: 19.67176478\nprice: "US$73"\npriceFrom: 73\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487958359.jpg?k=cb637a79c7d0075a14669a7e84b45d54a8c3c233de2243a28ff540413802af67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501626402.jpg?k=e28c63f7a848d6a12161b8f8c2c9b43a90265de7b137380f5668ae0ddc38f409&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489976274.jpg?k=b420f515bec40df089f3790910f604787010a2fc5bbbac3cac734a6ca4e1274d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484994311.jpg?k=6cb3cea5283f154eba6fcfed745ae9f9bf63ab26c5d00dc91217460f8c715313&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487957744.jpg?k=efb7c61b6c41bebd0f9eb4108a3125e2e837780677bcf2c07ec7cea198f51759&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489976273.jpg?k=1bc395c9ea8c66d820b43f243a54202f3dbb94cb8f56e79b40cbffec0d1086ce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mrizi i Zanave Agriturizem 200 m"\n  - "Agriturizem Hylli Drites 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 52 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 61 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eggy"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“An amazing place,, the room was simple and with all the conditions,, fantastic view,, close to the room was also the MRIZI I ZANAVE where we enjoyed dinner and a fantastic breakfast,, also the restaurant staff was very hospitable and offered us a...”"\n  - name: "Alban"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Le cadre est magnifique. Le petit chalet est super bien équipé (climatisation, frigo, télévision) et les sanitaires sont modernes et au top. Le personnel est aux petits soins et s'assurent que tout soit parfait.
Les guesthouses sont à quelques...”"\n  - name: "Niephaste"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Wat een fijne plek. Wij wilden eigenlijk graag bij Mrizi overnachten. Het restaurant dat om de hoek ligt van Fistha Guesthouse. Zodoende kwamen we met verder zoeken bij Fishta terecht. Het is een prachtig huisje, nieuw, schoon, comfortabel. Erg...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fishta-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Agritourism"\nbestCategories: "Agritourism"\ncategory: "Agritourism"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a haven of tranquility, where a lush garden setting complements the property's thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi and ample private parking, catering to those arriving by car. 

The guesthouse prides itself on its family-friendly accommodations, where each room is not only spacious but also meticulously designed for relaxation. The rooms boast balconies that offer a breath of fresh air, alongside modern comforts such as air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms equipped with bidets. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and plush towels, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a holiday retreat.

For guests looking to explore beyond the immediate area, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 59 kilometers away, making Fishta Guesthouse an ideal base for both local and international travelers.