---\ntitle: "Fishta apartments Q5 35"\ndescription: "Fishta Apartments Q5 35 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Velipojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491683.jpg?k=00384551fa4102a7921d29b98c8cb97e4729c995b4c5106ce4ef7eba6e101cf1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fishta-apartments-q5-35\naddress: "Rruga e Peshkatarëve, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86338377\n  lng: 19.42620727\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491683.jpg?k=00384551fa4102a7921d29b98c8cb97e4729c995b4c5106ce4ef7eba6e101cf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480484656.jpg?k=a144b4145dac27b5c7610b6ea8a919006763e50eac27afc6005f6d349c1121c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491846.jpg?k=bb72f9fc765a88e33f0e5785e66991a81b36fa64b056b517535f6ba5d08772e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491784.jpg?k=06045c9bfc0f37d6849ecb0d335e6daca377b936b87dbcbb4585395228fedec8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480484328.jpg?k=b45ee0125196bf3251882ff2ff546c7496b4a7fa2616fd6ef8a070e2e81921c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491745.jpg?k=b796d42778057135f80b82a6d07085beb1f89ecda07f3d83f2da50a2329d9fb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491821.jpg?k=bc8417f3832666af75b13987d7d1dbc8688fae9897219eaef93a77885b716cf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464491760.jpg?k=5b2152bae289c2314f26637a730fc0e69142da13dc532d59d8e50fd8f7878de0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524180524.jpg?k=0fd22be0c88d4873cb1f2699d69f067d3e02361295e24509b48957a18f53042f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma E Gostivarit 50 m"\n  - "Hojza Bakery 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 200 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adelina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was great, very nice and pleasant reception. The host was very friendly and helpful. The apartment was clean and fulfilled our wishes. Good location (close to the sea, supermarkets and restaurants)
We were very satisfied, I can only...”"\n  - name: "Radosław"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“cozy and clean apartments. There is everything you need for your stay. The owner was always in touch and responded quickly. We highly recommend this option.”"\n  - name: "Dušan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Accommodation near the beach, fully equipped apartment, very kind and helpful owner”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fishta-apartments-q5-35.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a spacious layout, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom designed with comfort in mind. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the garden views serve as a tranquil backdrop for a relaxing stay.

For those arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 83 km away, adds to the seamless experience. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the appeal of Fishta Apartments Q5 35, making it a standout option for both short and long-term stays.

With the added perks of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured of a hassle-free stay, allowing them to focus on unwinding and exploring the beauty of Velipojë. Whether it's lounging on the private beach or venturing out to Lake Skadar, located just 32 km away, Fishta Apartments Q5 35 promises a memorable getaway in one of Albania's most cherished coastal locales.