---\ntitle: "Fishta Quality Apartments Q5 36"\ndescription: "Fishta Quality Apartments Q5 36 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Velipojë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Velipoja Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524073828.jpg?k=264276f0615776d43b717fc209a232ed8753c1ad4c0e9c6def9fe1d3b0bf4bed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fishta-quality-apartments-q5-36\naddress: "Rruga e Peshkatarëve, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86339399\n  lng: 19.42621714\nprice: "US$162"\npriceFrom: 162\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524073828.jpg?k=264276f0615776d43b717fc209a232ed8753c1ad4c0e9c6def9fe1d3b0bf4bed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464502541.jpg?k=2b1a4d1cb4506790a881653a09a2013af82e4eff2d8ae53e812144b7c8cd6d68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464502552.jpg?k=7b6748b0cafb7664c62c947b7c42ed7652fce80b8320f024d28e9f9de95779ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464502546.jpg?k=2940cd1f55c247004d51b830da0cea2fa39d7ee7eb0f24e75f072f5644a94f1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524656978.jpg?k=2731968effb6312df8479804351f023f253bb3f568a93f5d335335e1d88cb98e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524069758.jpg?k=55a72df3a8286a7eb71b80fd2297528bc7de8f5d5b633c8f32490b15301e4579&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464502564.jpg?k=bcb0e593074b823798f65235fe25ebf58c757b8d2531f48a117a7cec575aad33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524069652.jpg?k=d3e76d7dd44c116d083b926eb3c74da2e19da7df0e44f7cdca95f0e196cbd44a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526119947.jpg?k=75c48b2ced1901c6151390c71506adf8d393f738895b48a199f631b03afd5b7c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma E Gostivarit 50 m"\n  - "Hojza Bakery 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 200 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "All"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“It is very spaceous,comfortable family apartment. Furniture is new,modern and comfortable. The view from the balcony is great. The bakery, caffe, supermarket, shops, restaurants are within 2-min walking distance. You can see the beach from the...”"\n  - name: "Ranzi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Exellent apartment, very clean,warm welcome, location 10/10. Would definitely recommend and come back.”"\n  - name: "Mexhid"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Very comfortable, clean and very well equipped. Close to restaurants, shops and boardwalk. The owner very kind and available.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fishta-quality-apartmets.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious and comfortable living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own meals, and a bathroom. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures that entertainment is never far away. Guests are treated to tranquil garden views, adding an extra layer of relaxation to their stay.

Situated a mere 30 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and 32 km from the picturesque Lake Skadar, Fishta Quality Apartments Q5 36 serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 83 km away, making the apartment easily accessible for international guests.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and location, Fishta Quality Apartments Q5 36 stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Velipojë, whether for leisure or exploration.