---\ntitle: "Flat Ergli"\ndescription: "Flat Ergli emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Velipojë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Rana e Hedhun Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142142437.jpg?k=79ceac624fe010ff9423585b778e3bad2cf74d64bbe3574671787f6f4891705e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flat-ergli\naddress: "Rruga Nr.2, 4001 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86306346\n  lng: 19.4116474\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142142437.jpg?k=79ceac624fe010ff9423585b778e3bad2cf74d64bbe3574671787f6f4891705e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264332866.jpg?k=8ecc2e7b16b08013b83004920b5f47f16650a4d9d542d24b1c8f9be2fd073e91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264332830.jpg?k=783de2b3e98fe3a49acb9c1192ae9f87906907ac8479ef92b6a298df4a6e8e7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264332845.jpg?k=b5af7e8d2274ae366e40ae833576cd4e8ae26cf70065758f693f87ddd2711746&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140509244.jpg?k=76e22f97d8df731b677eea95122f324872631c04bde175d35f204220afd4cc6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142142458.jpg?k=4bb13df0ad7316e2f36e40d859e8b43cc5a75b3220d3fa830d699f3970b83d2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196127810.jpg?k=46758766d7015400f8c3bc03b012c1b9334e746ceda967f3c75828f31a2b4c8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264332837.jpg?k=29428a195ded262f327700bc99320ae6266fc182def0afa8667a42dfab93dd30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423388126.jpg?k=d36a51e5de34c0c22447e1437c695af9541c1b53e8c06e1452170692d5f9e647&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Devi 30 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Familja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 50 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 9 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 10 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 12 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 12 km"\n  - "Tropicana 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 14 km"\n  - "Saranda 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 14 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 55 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emil"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“This apartman is very close to the beach, to the restaurants, to the grocery store. Clean and comfortable! We liked the lift and parking! Big thanks for the owner and his wife! They are very nice people!”"\n  - name: "Hans"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very friendly host, safe place for motorcycles in underground secured parking, welcome with coffee & schnaps. Good info on restaurant, owner very helpfull.”"\n  - name: "Juraj"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Room was clean and well equiped (kitchen with TV, fridge, cooking oven; washing machine in bathroom). Host is really great, with very good English. He offered me coffee everytime I met him. He is helpfull and talkative.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-vili.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom equipped with all essentials, and a living space that includes a flat-screen TV with a variety of cable channels. The dining area seamlessly connects to a fully equipped kitchen, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to enchant every guest.

Adding to the appeal, Flat Ergli is equipped with an escalator, enhancing accessibility and convenience for all guests. The outdoor space is thoughtfully designed with a garden and barbecue facilities, perfect for leisurely afternoons. Families will particularly appreciate the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the little ones.

Located a mere 55 km from Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa, Flat Ergli positions itself as an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers. This apartment stands out as a delightful haven for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty.