---\ntitle: "Floger world"\ndescription: "Floger World emerges as a distinguished destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in Vlorë, located just 12 km from the iconic Independence Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494678666.jpg?k=d32a50cc87cef0b2770d7ff22bef9b1bd2d3bf8a6790f7dc715971ecb2adf0b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: floger-world\naddress: "Autostrada 100 Vjetori i Pavarësisë, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.5555018\n  lng: 19.46931218\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494678666.jpg?k=d32a50cc87cef0b2770d7ff22bef9b1bd2d3bf8a6790f7dc715971ecb2adf0b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492270419.jpg?k=5f832ef7c8ab843c56603e6389e89980ccca58ad3dbd3c027553b2c76f0582e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492271678.jpg?k=bc532cc6c031e8651d705674100f737a592cf21daf064623fa0e4140c05a88fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497121184.jpg?k=ae46ea0283f659c1a46545c0dc7c9c30879df1e897b01e98ace2748938effa6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492268113.jpg?k=36a13d7e3ada020858c6a6e5253043f0e415eb4177ce84a05ec339a42bcbe122&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492042449.jpg?k=8b73cf7a4dfc6aed71cfced3e31c1e11685c54128d4516c69ac2ccab0cb4e707&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Li-Ro 2.4 km"\n  - "Restorant Fatmir Naka 6 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Narta Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 10 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 10 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Konard"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had a great time. They welcomed us very well, they were very friendly. The breakfast was very good. I will come back again”"\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Excellent accueil! Propriétaire très sympa et réactif. Échanges très faciles Nous y avons dormi une nuit, 'à proximité du centre de Tirana et de notre loueur de voiture. Emplacement idéal pour nous. Chambre confortable, avec télé smart,' et un...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/floger-world.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering a variety of facilities that cater to both leisure and convenience. Guests can enjoy delectable dining options at the on-site restaurant, engage in fun activities at the kids' club, and benefit from the practicality of a shared kitchen. Moreover, the entire property is equipped with free WiFi, ensuring that guests remain connected throughout their stay. For added comfort, room service and a 24-hour front desk are readily available to meet guests' needs at any hour.

Accommodations at Floger World are thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and satisfaction. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, complete with bed linen, towels, and a balcony that offers breathtaking mountain views. Select units also boast city views and come with a patio, while all rooms feature a wardrobe for guests' convenience.

For those looking to add a touch of fun to their stay, the hotel provides a children's playground and facilities for table tennis and tennis, making it an ideal choice for families and active travelers alike. Additionally, car hire services are available for guests wishing to explore the surrounding area.

Located a mere 13 km from the historical site of Kuzum Baba and 138 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Floger World represents an excellent base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscape of Vlorë and beyond.