---\ntitle: "Flors Apartments"\ndescription: "Flors Apartments emerges as a modern oasis right on the doorstep of Durres Beach, offering a refreshing blend of convenience and comfort for travelers seeking a beachfront retreat in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373644355.jpg?k=4ae47961407dfddc48c532b3795e64f98f64e6c13c69ca2486df2d4e3f04ba4f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flors-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3030587\n  lng: 19.4937574\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 58\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373644355.jpg?k=4ae47961407dfddc48c532b3795e64f98f64e6c13c69ca2486df2d4e3f04ba4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378612566.jpg?k=a29198a861651540cfdc628201d726205eb4372e947954dd0da19361265af208&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378612586.jpg?k=d9fe995cb5a76712b2f949cc5198dadbb9285c7dcbf5de4944dddb6970ce6754&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378599839.jpg?k=71418e72c36b0db02d71fbd8bce26ee86f4528a05f8fb7ceb7c43ebffb7222ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378599002.jpg?k=721420244e0fd99fdcb678dc84bd33408be3ecfce032c8d5d1ccd4c8b8de6edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378612564.jpg?k=a6212ac9d61080fe992f2e19a1e050f8117fb9a6bbf368c09f47ab3edcfc8187&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 10 m"\n  - "Dyrrah Mare Bar 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yll"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“I recently stayed at this apartment with my friends, and I must say, it was a fantastic experience. The apartment was not only clean but also very spacious, providing us with enough space to relax and enjoy our time together. What stood out the...”"\n  - name: "Veronika"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The apartment is very spacious and modern. Just next to the beach. Very clean. Our host Jane was helpfull and very nice. Also she gabe us a lots of advices. She speaks 7 langueages and great english. We loved our stay!”"\n  - name: "Emine"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Ecxellent location (directly at the beach, close to a big supermarket, many restaurants,...) and super friendly and kind host! The room was super clean and nice. Definitely recommend, I will be back soon :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flors-villas.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Flors Apartments is evident in each of its accommodations, where guests are treated to city views from private balconies, and in select units, the serene beauty of the sea from terraces or patios. The attention to detail is apparent in the provision of satellite flat-screen TVs, cozy seating areas, functional kitchenettes, and private bathrooms equipped with bidets, bathrobes, and slippers. Ensuring a home-like experience, all units are stocked with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those who prefer to stay in, a convenient minimarket on the premises caters to everyday needs, while the garden and bar offer perfect spots to unwind. The property is not just about relaxation; it encourages exploration and activity, especially with its proximity to cycling routes around Durrës. Families visiting Flors Apartments will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring peace of mind during their stay.

Located a considerable distance from Skanderbeg Square (39 km) and Dajti Ekspres Cable Car (43 km), the property provides a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle, yet remains within reachable distance for day trips. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 33 km away, making Flors Apartments a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of beachfront bliss and accessibility in Durrës.