---\ntitle: "Flora's Guesthouse 'The Fir Gate'"\ndescription: "Flora's Guesthouse 'The Fir Gate' emerges as a serene retreat, located a mere 45 km from the tranquil Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203374991.jpg?k=3b11a591b780ac1c63ed1889d3319f9924845926347d9c8d27b1db0cd5d33529&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flora-s-guesthouse-the-fir-gate\naddress: "Rruga Astrit Karagjozi, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07293012\n  lng: 20.1370812\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 276\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203374991.jpg?k=3b11a591b780ac1c63ed1889d3319f9924845926347d9c8d27b1db0cd5d33529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359263097.jpg?k=d8a6e1ae6c9279cf776a272f283c2821b2b8ab3b98845530b943ada5b0524c09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359263260.jpg?k=64ff41d4487f7d1832bdf53e22fc7aa7e47ad50913617bcd6a3a55d4d07e99b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311987203.jpg?k=714818d0e3f2114c8766a1dca275e28a4321187c62bb569f1e33d46e0626b2f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203375098.jpg?k=cb512ff9e22c1b168b422317d351ea8482deb06e39b1113dfe6b96b514a4d972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311983648.jpg?k=0c822f9c1031f16c6261003da10d3ca5a2997de68bf5d9de721003b361f8c5dd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Kuka 50 m"\n  - "Family 100 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location with lovely owners. We also loved your puppy Cappuccino”"\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“the staff were wonderful, very friendly & accommodating. Breakfast was included in our rate & was amazing. Raki & beers on the terrace with the staff & guests was a highlight”"\n  - name: "Mojca"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Owners were awesome and helpful, the breakfast was homemade and localy grown. Location is picture perfect, we couldn't get a more perfect location. The little Capuccino was so sweet and the best guard dog ever. Hope to come again, Gjirokastra...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flora-39-s-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Flora's Guesthouse are thoughtfully designed with the comfort of families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms. Each unit is equipped with a desk, ensuring that guests have a comfortable space for writing or working. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the stay. Moreover, the convenience of complimentary WiFi allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in the area.

Dining at Flora's Guesthouse is an experience in itself, with an outdoor dining area where guests can enjoy delicious meals while immersed in the picturesque landscape. For those seeking moments of tranquility, the guesthouse's garden offers a peaceful haven for relaxation.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Flora's Guesthouse 'The Fir Gate' is accessible yet feels like a world apart, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, natural beauty, and a warm, welcoming atmosphere.