---\ntitle: "Flora’s place"\ndescription: "Flora's Place emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, located just a short distance from the vibrant Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471926948.jpg?k=73f1d6fe5813b528d11252269885d14b322d87701ce1f14e94310bdfabe44037&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flora-s-place\naddress: "Rruga 27 Qershori, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87366447\n  lng: 20.02584343\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471926948.jpg?k=73f1d6fe5813b528d11252269885d14b322d87701ce1f14e94310bdfabe44037&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468166624.jpg?k=588cfe44a074693df36daa8909e647785a81faddb77ef3e48c33a70270b2e977&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468166635.jpg?k=1186b67251137234479f20ba722e40b16cb4fb1efa6e6e2c359d4623a4577904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477365049.jpg?k=3c186a918c0b0b675ea60c01359ba9090254d04007af7af05073a9264307b8d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468166522.jpg?k=30150b55527cd43b01a01e1907fa90da291b6e10c4a49f8c58360eae2e0a44a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471926743.jpg?k=a652ac7b25c0444bbbc6d7f38704c48d24ea8abfc5636dcbf7ce5b83ca58bd31&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Fast Food 350 m"\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ester"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“very spacious place, with a great nature and view, away from the chaos of Saranda. It even had a garden with a table and chairs outside, so you could enjoy the peace and quiet of the place. Just perfect”"\n  - name: "Angelica"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“I could chose between 2 apartments, both lovely. Everything was clean and nice. People not speaking English but very friendly; hands helped a lot in the conversation ;) , but they were really willing to help and make us feel welcome”"\n  - name: "Milan8589"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Mrs. Flora and a unique kindness; the structure was a real honeymoon; we had dinner outside on the patio overlooking the plains and lights; it was really beautiful. The structure also has a washing machine, which is very useful and easy to find....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/floras-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe property boasts well-appointed rooms, each featuring air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay regardless of the season. Guests will appreciate the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi, making stays both hassle-free and connected. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, including a microwave and coffee machine, ensuring that home-cooked meals are never out of reach. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, and the inclusion of a private bathroom with a bath adds an extra layer of privacy and comfort. Select units further benefit from a private entrance, offering an enhanced sense of exclusivity.

Beyond the confines of the indoor space, a tranquil garden invites guests to unwind and soak in the peaceful surroundings. For those looking to explore further afield, Ancient Fanoti awaits at a distance of 50 km, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip. Conveniently, Ioannina Airport is located 94 km from Flora's Place, facilitating easy access for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Flora's Place stands out as an idyllic base for those eager to explore the natural beauty and historical richness of the surrounding area, while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully equipped home away from home.