---\ntitle: "Flori beach Apartment Radhime"\ndescription: "Flori Beach Apartment Radhime emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Radhimë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267520143.jpg?k=ab073e26b24619ab5835ebb7161ebb327e4e7b31bf4f526a0368c6f6c024dd22&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flori-beach-apartment-radhime\naddress: "Tirana Resort, Radhime,Vlore, 9301 Radhimë, Albania"\ncity: "Radhimë"\nlocation: "Radhimë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34481162\n  lng: 19.48384523\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267520143.jpg?k=ab073e26b24619ab5835ebb7161ebb327e4e7b31bf4f526a0368c6f6c024dd22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75710365.jpg?k=9cf390523643fb23b64d99248b3dd3afc884c7fefb43a155e9377f7ad53b0b66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/81952066.jpg?k=f9bc0d63874f4683f02beb63ec18c3dc094bd6e5d83e6143cc1c611167b4c374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258636844.jpg?k=171377534bffd6e00d60a88457c379b2b955064fbda14d22c63b8c0e7564c9a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102391039.jpg?k=769c6428d638caaef3e939b77594b59524ff2445f2aa4e349b94d58a6cff5528&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111757657.jpg?k=2d2a80c528b4d17aa4d5939b58fb621e77deec0f7a476597d36e3ee93a1ba34c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161924165.jpg?k=2ed1b57519c77f197ccd74d47f9dcab1fda9278c716d1bbe30fe41f83a5fb757&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75710377.jpg?k=bcd2dbf2d7b8ebdbafa0aa28cb43b89cbdd36a95845ae2877040b8ba670f9eb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102391036.jpg?k=0af8fff5a32ad904256ac26dea729ab3fb28b3bcda8bc9fba9724ff7ac2e822f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Freskia 20 m"\n  - "Babale 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 100 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 250 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 850 m"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 14 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barbara"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Alles perfekt! Super Apartment, supernetter und extrem hilfsbereiter Gastgeber! Wir kommen gerne wieder!”"\n  - name: "Barbara"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Unglaublich sympathischer und hilfsbereiter Gastgeber! Super Apartment mit herrlichem Ausblick! Wunderbares Vogelgezwitscher und Meeresrauschen als permanenete Hintergrundmusik! Einfach perfekt!:-)))”"\n  - name: "Misimi"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Location,view and had comfortable beds.it haf also bog balcony with nice view.although on third floor,it had also elevator.its within Tirana Resort and you can use there the swimming pool for extra charge.beach is across the road.it has well...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/holiday-apartment-in-radhime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the terrace offers breathtaking sea views, making it an ideal spot for relaxation or dining al fresco. The added convenience of a private entrance and round-the-clock security ensures a sense of privacy and safety for guests throughout their stay.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests can unwind in the property's bar or make use of the on-site minimarket for any necessities. The outdoor fireplace area provides a cozy setting for evenings under the stars.

Situated 16 km from both Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, Flori Beach Apartment Radhime serves as a comfortable base for exploring the local attractions. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 165 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for ease of travel.

In summary, Flori Beach Apartment Radhime offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and serenity, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the beauty and tranquility of Radhimë.