---\ntitle: "Flora Apartments Sarande"\ndescription: "Flora Apartments Sarande emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271643081.jpg?k=827ae4ab0c57d4c05fbc9c7e4041db97873860dd9b41afff917439f9e6f6b48a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flora-apartments-sarande\naddress: "Lagja Nr.4, Rruga Idriz Alidhima, Prane Stadiumit, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87359044\n  lng: 19.9977082\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 64\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271643081.jpg?k=827ae4ab0c57d4c05fbc9c7e4041db97873860dd9b41afff917439f9e6f6b48a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304449313.jpg?k=cfcfc359f7b3e2a7653182e2dd3c7752c2557a071eb2e5f057100b584c9d2b84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187777459.jpg?k=d742049d30c4aaf93a561bc94a3ade076a0b88249c69313b37834dc62a22493d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152876942.jpg?k=f8c21e6f738865fa2a504b4fb20d801a2d2ee3ad80267ab8c277c67435260b13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304449329.jpg?k=5f00a4c609285b601161cf3ad38a042d52ee3eb828329b96b71468c9795c31a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271643058.jpg?k=177ce5766fdbf9050d32a2c151868d600cffaa0b8d4623fcaff9151a8420a50f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271643045.jpg?k=e16b28fdec2278184a00f616936c138a2d93fdad655839332c889c2d83645cbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152871262.jpg?k=0ba2616317c25df6584b336dcf9095a8ccb67273a754cdf87f84956f86f0ebb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187777472.jpg?k=bd922836ebda09a4c8456f49a577ff15f8b2c8b14e5fc74db6938bffb812ed17&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (203 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oro 20 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Ola 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 400 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The hosts are very warm and welcoming. They gave us a lot of tips for what to visit and good restaurants. The location is ideal close enough to the touristic area and the beach (5-6 min walk).”"\n  - name: "Manon"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The owner is the sweetest lady ever, already weeks before our stay she helped us with the timetable for the busses and everything we asked. She also have us a lot of recommendations that were amazing. Would love to go back, really nice place”"\n  - name: "Kennelly"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“the family was very nice and the host was so helpful, she provided many recommendations on things to do and places to see!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flora-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Flora Apartments Sarande are treated to well-appointed accommodations that boast a cozy dining area and a relaxing seating area, complete with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. Each unit is equipped with a kitchen, featuring an oven and fridge, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The convenience of complimentary private parking adds to the appeal, making it an easy choice for those traveling by car. Additionally, the provision of towels and linen underscores the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

The vicinity of Flora Apartments Sarande is vibrant with life, hosting numerous bars, cafes, and restaurants within walking distance. This offers guests the perfect opportunity to explore the local culinary scene and immerse themselves in the lively atmosphere of Sarandë.

For those interested in cultural excursions, the UNESCO-protected Butrint is a mere 20-minute drive away, presenting a fascinating day trip option. Moreover, the proximity to Sarandë Ferry Port, located just 650 meters away, provides convenient access for further exploration or smooth arrivals and departures.

In summary, Flora Apartments Sarande presents a compelling package of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Sarandë.