---\ntitle: "Flowers Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Flowers Guesthouse emerges as a serene oasis in the bustling heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience just 5."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469830621.jpg?k=eeb7d58abc66e630444961f69856711ec0717f92d91409a2fb77b3d0a4f5ce78&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flowers-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Ali Visha, Kompleksi Grand, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32315989\n  lng: 19.83695638\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469830621.jpg?k=eeb7d58abc66e630444961f69856711ec0717f92d91409a2fb77b3d0a4f5ce78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496130202.jpg?k=299a4fe821d5012a3bff894bafba78fa7fb98eaa5723e94e4e981879f01d8002&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485248601.jpg?k=bdf52199a3d5eb8329823f565df887bd71d563b294b919e0eaa2528e5a713e66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514388226.jpg?k=d418563fc08e85eb06e68c5338c07206f0fe46b22f6276564a642d5ececebed1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496130200.jpg?k=ceb2372b9920780d7072c4b094a407f083c16adc58c6a7e83244e141bf649bba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469830624.jpg?k=9e5c7430de5911eaef8c0a7bae59390d9adf89ffab3eb979c25bc7f1886d5067&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Iris 250 m"\n  - "Bistro Pizzeria 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Raj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was a really nice stay there, very spacious with all facilities and a homely feel. The owner was very friendly to us and helpful.
Definitely recommended. 👍”"\n  - name: "Loredana"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Nice and clean apartment, equipped with everything we needed. Good location, city center is within walking distance. Host was very friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Tatiana"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Excellent value for money and quality. The apartment is newly renovated and has household appliances. Very friendly owners, ready to help. The city center is within walking distance. Thank you!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flowers-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Flowers Guesthouse boast stylish parquet floors and are thoughtfully equipped with a fully furnished kitchen, including an oven, and a cozy dining area. Each room is a haven of relaxation featuring a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom complete with a shower and complimentary slippers. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, all of which benefit from a private entrance, underscoring the guesthouse's commitment to privacy and comfort.

Situated in a prime location, Flowers Guesthouse is conveniently close to several of Tirana's attractions, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the serene Saint Paul Cathedral, and the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is an accessible 17 km journey, making Flowers Guesthouse an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a tranquil retreat in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital.