---\ntitle: "Flutura Apartments"\ndescription: "Flutura Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë's southern gateway."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150962575.jpg?k=8bffbb3f7f50f26d7f98110248afe14ff15197319d7f23f00b6c66a0c7fd82a2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: flutura-apartments\naddress: "Uji I Ftoht, Plazhi I Ri, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43613808\n  lng: 19.49806157\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150962575.jpg?k=8bffbb3f7f50f26d7f98110248afe14ff15197319d7f23f00b6c66a0c7fd82a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150963627.jpg?k=83b0501bd7cb94f71bd334f1e9827b3e906e29254a7f0c15a9dc2d72a4caa24d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/20721656.jpg?k=2f86bc24080a89eeda64ad7cfdc686dff7dd8c8a5fdce1325a16a95c0cd954af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150962550.jpg?k=68ee2e1f9e34de1e9e881af210cdb900afc8d75477afd1b27e16a90df8ebf1ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/20721847.jpg?k=7be5a3a92f50f8e9af4bf9afe250422cc3d2d2893cb0253f38a3aa5d9fe78a5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/20721266.jpg?k=aa629c8d98c2640e2a62d4ce9d4674788bca21e0e9de6bd046838f11fbf0b83c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150963636.jpg?k=2070ed31001508c04dd7159ecc8131d6f6c63775eb9d5d7e756c584768eaaaf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/20721588.jpg?k=37009ba3c8fcc52157b39ce9b4137a7f82d21af9d279c9933c336b695f32acb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150963612.jpg?k=fa04ea4dc2593629d1fbf611d3b4f9a3f535d4ddca2bf22fc87ca5e6255a1cb7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (193 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Fabio 150 m"\n  - "Mazana Caffe 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 750 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 250 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ion"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Proprietarii foarte ospitalieri și prietenoși. Foarte curat și îngrijit. Locația excelenta.”"\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Me encantó el sitio en general, el alojamiento cuenta con dos plantas y es acogedor aunque no lo sería tanto sin la amabilidad de los propietarios. Feli y su marido son personas encantadoras, nos hemos sentido muy cómodas y nos han hecho sentir...”"\n  - name: "Andjela"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Domacini su divni ljudi,menjali su nam peskire, posteljinu. Svaka preporuka😊Nadam se ponovnom odlasku tamo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flutura-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment, spanning two levels, is thoughtfully equipped with kitchen facilities and cable TV, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a private bathroom with shower in every unit adds a layer of privacy and convenience, making it an ideal choice for families, couples, and solo adventurers alike.

The property doesn't just excel in providing a restful night's sleep; it also encourages guests to enjoy the outdoors with its charming garden barbecue area. Whether it's a family gathering or a quiet evening under the stars, the garden at Flutura Apartments offers a delightful setting.

For those looking to explore the local area, the nearest restaurant is just a short 100-meter stroll away, ensuring that delicious dining options are always within reach. Additionally, the convenience of a bus stop 150 meters from the property and a supermarket within 200 meters means that guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The apartments are not only close to the town center, approximately 1 km away, but also offer easy access to the historic Kaninë Castle, located 1.5 km away, making it a perfect base for exploring the rich history and vibrant culture of Vlorë.

In summary, Flutura Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Vlorë, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.