---\ntitle: "FLY UNITED suite 4"\ndescription: "FLY UNITED Suite 4 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904324.jpg?k=ce492117d3ff7d6e0284bae02fa2b7d480f95f1d6a041f37b7b047c02124d3a4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fly-united-suite-4\naddress: "Rruga Zef Juanmi n 23, Sheshi Wilson, La zona più gettonata di Tiranë,Tirana, 1019 Albania Piano 1, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.333051\n  lng: 19.8320276\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904324.jpg?k=ce492117d3ff7d6e0284bae02fa2b7d480f95f1d6a041f37b7b047c02124d3a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904484.jpg?k=d7e09ba4e5e9aba1c54a4ebc4bf14b178c776da1a5a82802701211db5ada2f9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904523.jpg?k=0353f8968c976e600a54906d8cd8f6a85453ee6d8ee89faf76b20b6c4d8d6e4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904686.jpg?k=8d29f0e2a3619c5e3026e6cd5a4aeab80ce9e726e7b380b497115bf125b52f47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904682.jpg?k=6a3585a913b98bf40f50dfd8385e9d2e90db2d7a8d34390ad4a386d8871363ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904503.jpg?k=f41a7b77865f368a989651931fe6836ddc10b706e62447e14c00ad713f6a3d32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904471.jpg?k=084177244a2bb87e811ac00d33492219f51589d52801e095cc7aac3ebd957853&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904674.jpg?k=1d5eeb7bbfe5a34cb880db46b14432c42a0bebd4639b128490a3e9aced59e299&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519904535.jpg?k=4806e2b23c8f85b909b7bd915c0f2329eddc7d2b3573e040c8c6b6b4554979f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Griffin's Coffee Bar 30 m"\n  - "Byrektore Redeni 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Francesco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L’appartamento è molto curato e pulito. Al mio arrivo ho trovato acqua, caffè, brioche e frutta fresca. Consigliatissimo!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fly-united-suite.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA mere stone's throw away from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, and comfortably positioned at just 1.3 km from the National Gallery of Arts and 1.4 km from the iconic Clock Tower, FLY UNITED Suite 4 places guests in the epicenter of Tirana's rich historical and cultural tapestry. For those intrigued by Albania's natural beauty, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is a short 3.4 km journey, offering breathtaking views and an escape to the serene landscapes that lie beyond the urban hustle.

The apartment itself is a sanctuary of modern living, boasting a fully equipped kitchen, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that lacks neither comfort nor convenience. The space is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom and bathroom, catering perfectly to solo travelers or couples looking for a tranquil retreat amidst the city's lively atmosphere.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay, keeping them connected with the world while they immerse themselves in the local culture. Moreover, the property's strict non-smoking policy ensures a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

For those keen to explore, FLY UNITED Suite 4 is conveniently located near several points of interest, including the historic Tanners' Bridge, the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's diverse offerings.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, FLY UNITED Suite 4 stands out as an exemplary choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana, offering a perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience.