---\ntitle: "Forest Cottage - middle of forest & near the beach"\ndescription: "Forest Cottage offers a serene escape, perfectly positioned in the heart of a lush forest and just a stone's throw from the beach, in the tranquil town of Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464637111.jpg?k=930a49299c7c8739a510c57bdc934445918ed1dae218afe64a71569882cdeddb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: forest-cottage-middle-of-forest-near-the-beach\naddress: "Rruga Qetesia, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2287614\n  lng: 19.51543838\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464637111.jpg?k=930a49299c7c8739a510c57bdc934445918ed1dae218afe64a71569882cdeddb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636737.jpg?k=52c608891136f9fef03e56b970df6f1563517132a0657fa2c31fb844634dd15f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636235.jpg?k=5a1c9b60d613062edbf2f783d76da008234f503c45469b64d6ed3bac237179be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636650.jpg?k=ee818b2674320959770ce9a579a2dc19919a9879fb26688930e1525aba5632ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464637065.jpg?k=95480c3fe333ee8376d72bcd5ed3af24a37dbe729ab1bcebe93127bb7c24dd6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636950.jpg?k=24a437f1c92ac57d12f8c50e9f0f2ab520a4ba43dd9dfe63c5a5042088515733&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636640.jpg?k=411fc3875bfe73c8a3bec2cc77fc1bb085e9a49575415265c389fe65381da94e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464636750.jpg?k=4c78da3607ef9c53c4d4095782f0efdcc487bb92b490b1068b999756e39b5e8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438458203.jpg?k=49102fce2b4bb263f7b1cf84180d9a3cb411fa6012e819bf4b2fa3b01b5028bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baca 300 m"\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 250 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olivia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Our whole experience at the villa was amazing. Sadly it was a short stay, but we absolutely loved the location of it. It was 1 minute walking distance to the lovely clean beach, very quiet and peaceful. The host was super friendly, always...”"\n  - name: "Nina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Komfortabel und praktisch eingerichtet Sehr gut ausgestattet Die tollsten Gastgeber der Welt, wir wurden mit unglaublich leckeren Gastgeber-Geschenken verwöhnt Hilfsbereiter und zuvorkommender Wachmann, der immer gute Laune verbreitet Lage...”"\n  - name: "Arjona"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das Villa ist wunderschön und ist die ideale Unterkunft für ein Paar, das einige Tage des Friedens und der Ruhe genießen möchte.
Die Lage und die Größe des Villa ist super. Alles war sehr sauber.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/forest-cottage-middle-of-forest-amp-near-the-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a spacious retreat, boasting four well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services adds a touch of home comfort, while the fully equipped kitchen and outdoor dining area invite guests to savor meals with a view of the garden's verdant beauty. The terrace, offering inner courtyard views, becomes a peaceful haven for relaxation or dining al fresco.

Privacy and security are paramount at Forest Cottage, with a private entrance for guests and round-the-clock security measures in place. Families will find the villa especially appealing, thanks to its child-friendly amenities such as a kids' pool and outdoor play equipment, ensuring entertainment for the little ones.

The location of Forest Cottage is ideal for those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area. With Qerret Beach just 400 meters away and Golem Beach within 2.5 km, guests have the luxury of choice when it comes to beach days. For the adventurous at heart, the nearby fishing opportunities provide a chance to engage with the local marine life.

Accessibility is also a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 42 km away, making Forest Cottage an easily reachable destination for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of forest tranquility and beachside bliss.