---\ntitle: "Fourth Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining"\ndescription: "Fourth Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, boasting an enviable position mere steps from the pristine Radhimë Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247676.jpg?k=809098c79235961aaa57212109290225752242a3323ef7d7f7bb5a5f727bc65c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fourth-room-of-cozy-beachside-haven-panoramic-radhime-retreat-with-balcony-dining\naddress: "Rruga Numan Bilani Radhimë, 9400, Albania, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.36618955\n  lng: 19.48197822\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247676.jpg?k=809098c79235961aaa57212109290225752242a3323ef7d7f7bb5a5f727bc65c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247898.jpg?k=3a4e1d529232a1c79b9bbf06414a83add6173ed4a60e3626062652f2d98c21d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247708.jpg?k=34c0fc03a65991ad9e189fc9a483e3da532a0293f9ccc36bd7ccad0acce9cdc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247702.jpg?k=4b2d6a64929c824698c5e76f4b7615b4e63c3cfddd267103d297dd3ac0fd8b70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247733.jpg?k=2b54fbefadb7d833d29f96680a6a1d1cae8ecd9f3106a435980e77a23cccac11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459247840.jpg?k=be0f764c6846bfcaa83e7d5117c1cb24e5156139e6f6664c58808e798b4b83c7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Veliera 100 m"\n  - "Hallau 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 950 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2 km"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 11 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ledina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“it was a pleasure to stay in this place, wonderful view, wonderful people, very good living conditions, everything was great. We not only had a nice vacation, but also gained friends like Ramo and his family!”"\n  - name: "Luis"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Excellent location with good restaurant right next door. Surrounded by nature”"\n  - name: "Mélanie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“All good plan to stay in the south, especially in Vlore which is very touristic. It is ideal to get out of the seaside filled with tourists and hotels less charming than this place. The view of the sea when we woke up leaves us without a voice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fourth-room-of-cozy-beachside-haven-panoramic-radhime-retreat-with-balcony-dinin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe holiday home is a testament to thoughtful design, featuring an air-conditioned bedroom that promises restful nights. The presence of a fully equipped kitchenette adds a touch of home, allowing guests to prepare their meals with ease. The inclusion of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay, while the outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of the sea.

Perched directly on the beach, the property affords guests unparalleled views of the sea from its inviting balcony, making it an ideal spot for morning coffees or evening reflections. Despite its tranquil location, the retreat remains within easy reach of local attractions, with Kevi Beach just 1.7 km away and the historic Kuzum Baba and Independence Square both 13 km from the doorstep.

For those venturing from afar, the nearest gateway is Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 162 km away, making Fourth Room of Cozy Beachside Haven - Panoramic Radhime Retreat with Balcony Dining a remarkable choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and exploration in Vlorë.