---\ntitle: "Franklin Rooms"\ndescription: "Franklin Rooms emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located a mere 28 km from the vibrant Corfu Town."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72447865.jpg?k=92a405215dd1c61748b50debf0ca089d56adcafe5e2c1c1d462937f8ad209840&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: franklin-rooms\naddress: "Rr. Butrint, Godina 82, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85500208\n  lng: 20.02150157\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 163\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72447865.jpg?k=92a405215dd1c61748b50debf0ca089d56adcafe5e2c1c1d462937f8ad209840&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208436835.jpg?k=af3581b84c0dd94b8b9513b5a32b126b563aef72a39c6b46748987e2cc92e405&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208432896.jpg?k=8d275e3369167962c05385b8fa48be456af05506d5dc3f362452f255c1f8890c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473121536.jpg?k=6c00553227f24be46f1f759844482f5b7c6a3a958e2d55fd6196d2306ecd40a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455689529.jpg?k=c40d0e2418e9e2729e5398ca2d4145a5ed2d9833a0c63dcb3abbb768f8b6a5cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455687145.jpg?k=533446813c6d5922c53f596563d7d7ab7dad077ee228639cbb84ecaa0017403d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455510634.jpg?k=7cbb727ad650a3d7366ae966c9d4d205202fba0be3473e026b38162eed8487b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451613195.jpg?k=741f58ed06fcf0ed55da32d0baff9b386c03643d3e0f3c26ed5b3175e0033ef2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451612886.jpg?k=460d4bcfdae42f60d777df0bf3cc93afcb12d828bd4c0fa59718cab4fd211280&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasion 20 m"\n  - "SeaSide Artist Terrace 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 650 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was spacious and spotless. Great location for beach visits and there a plenty of restaurants and shops near by. The check in process was smooth and communication was great. We even got an upgrade to beach view as the room was empty- thank...”"\n  - name: "Silvana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartament is comfortable, clean and has a great sea view. The underground parking is a plus. The location is great, close to the beach, close to restaurants and far from noise. Best panorama for the morning Coffee.”"\n  - name: "Yasemi̇n"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Great hygiene, helpful staff, excellent room, location was fine too although it is not in the center”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/franklin-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Franklin Rooms are thoughtfully designed to cater to diverse needs and preferences. Each room is equipped with a television for entertainment, while select units boast additional comforts such as a seating area and/or balcony, perfect for those moments of relaxation or taking in the surroundings. For guests preferring the conveniences of home, some accommodations feature a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, a refrigerator, and a stovetop. The provision of bed linen and towels adds a touch of ease to the stay, ensuring guests can travel lighter.

The on-site bar invites guests to unwind with a drink, offering a cozy spot to recap the day's adventures or plan the next. For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, car hire services are conveniently available, opening up a world of local exploration.

Situated strategically, Franklin Rooms serves as an ideal base for discovering the region. The enchanting Paleokastritsa is just 33 km away, while Igoumenitsa, known for its scenic beauty and cultural sites, is 44 km from the property. Franklin Rooms promises a stay that combines the comfort of modern amenities with the thrill of exploration, making it a compelling choice for travelers to Sarandë.