---\ntitle: "Freddy's Hotel"\ndescription: "Freddy's Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356679823.jpg?k=c6ae71edb825d9553ced09c489db6129edee84ca27c7c86b7b45bd4c66952a13&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: freddy-s-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba 75, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33221259\n  lng: 19.81874317\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1221\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356679823.jpg?k=c6ae71edb825d9553ced09c489db6129edee84ca27c7c86b7b45bd4c66952a13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270990512.jpg?k=f80e354bdd8d65a4efe830fce3990c116681a35a38165af773e60d7e4dffd39f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356463278.jpg?k=fea9be1f115a5aff27a629cb9b52bbfe1d79063d4d9aa6bf5cdb4ed943279200&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140759385.jpg?k=b46f2e75fe328429e59da9261eb934453f49bc5e3ca228b36592b5e51cf67bf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437841442.jpg?k=a83e90bbe9335113cd1cfa4cd554079ad959f50a1c6c075737cc1bbae3f870b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255972248.jpg?k=5d61024b586ffb9f501b570ce7d1236cb28ba634f0cbc20be4df8ae1694b5b87&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Magic Hand 10 m"\n  - "Golosa 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Everything: the location, all the staff very nice and kind, helped with information”"\n  - name: "Fleta"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Freddy's Hotel is a little paradise in Tirana, offering a perfect blend of comfort, cleanliness, delicious breakfast, and an outstanding staff. Whether you're a solo traveler or in a group, this hotel deserves the highest recommendation. It's my...”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly service, very clean, nice breakfast, great coffee”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/freddy-s-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA short stroll from Freddy's doorsteps reveals a vibrant world of shopping streets and lively bars, perfect for those looking to explore the local scene. For guests interested in a more relaxed experience, the hotel offers a cozy common living room, stocked with an array of books, inviting visitors to unwind and perhaps discover a new favorite read.

Adding to the appeal, Freddy's Hotel ensures a good start to the day with complimentary breakfast and provides free maps of Tirana, making it easy for guests to navigate the city's attractions. Notably, the hotel's proximity to significant landmarks is impressive. It is merely a stone's throw away from the National History Museum and conveniently close to the city's main shopping center.

The cultural heart of Tirana, including Skanderbeg Square, Et’Hem Bey Mosque, and the National Museum of History, is just a few steps away, offering guests a chance to immerse themselves in the rich history and vibrant culture of the city.

For those traveling further afield, the hotel is conveniently located 300 meters from a bus station and offers an airport pick-up service from Tirana Airport, which is about 12 km away. This thoughtful service ensures a seamless travel experience to and from the hotel.

In summary, Freddy's Hotel stands out as a welcoming haven for visitors to Tirana, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion that is sure to make any stay memorable.