---\ntitle: "\"Frogs House\" Hotel & Restorant Slow Food"\ndescription: "\"Frogs House\" Hotel & Restorant Slow Food, situated in the heart of Lushnjë, emerges as a charming destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and local cuisine."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116357770.jpg?k=c78899e7fc2bc58de8e7abf294c6952253c85a85c7fdfa6bd4d93b59ed280269&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: frogs-house-hotel-restorant-slow-food\naddress: "Barbullinje, Rruga Lushnje Berat km 7, 9013 Lushnjë, Albania"\ncity: "Lushnjë"\nlocation: "Lushnjë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.88361567\n  lng: 19.77261922\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 60\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116357770.jpg?k=c78899e7fc2bc58de8e7abf294c6952253c85a85c7fdfa6bd4d93b59ed280269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442048123.jpg?k=01cbfd6c5b6dbd04135c4d0226ec61c0e484b142d20b34e7cdbee3aaac459846&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381909226.jpg?k=5ccad1f45fe9746cf3d4923f95dc21fd3dcbb7e0008db8ff70d2fc79b5dc92d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215440730.jpg?k=eac0862055031f8d52408ebedb966cbd2ec6cd1c5e4aee767487eafafb4d23d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471695754.jpg?k=16ff3a1b41c62d305d220013f68549e0656f2293432e284c5f24a7df46ef6e7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116357544.jpg?k=d46970c841c0101164248f3bf044090447a7b156ec36cf18cbceeaf730c241ad&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Punime Guri Rudi 4 km"\n  - "Restorant Portokallet 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 9 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 57 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The staff Extremely friendly & helpful throughout our stay.”"\n  - name: "Valentin"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“I liked everything. The staff were very friendly and very humorous. They even offered us a shot of Raki, which we gladly accepted. The room was very nice, clean and cozy. The breakfast was tasty. For such a price, this is an awesome hotel. I have...”"\n  - name: "Clement"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The staff were awesome, the room was nice and comfortable. Best hotel we did in Albania, we highly recommend it !
Thank you again to the staff for their wonderful welcome !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/restorant-luli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nEach room at "Frogs House" is thoughtfully equipped with essential furnishings, including a wardrobe, and is complemented by a private bathroom stocked with free toiletries and fresh bed linen, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

The culinary experience at "Frogs House" is a highlight, starting with an Italian breakfast that boasts a variety of options from fresh pastries and fruits to refreshing juices. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests for meals throughout the day, from dinner to lunch and brunch, and even offers a selection of cocktails, making it a perfect spot for both families and solo travelers.

For those looking to explore beyond Lushnjë, the property is conveniently located 89 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to facilitate your travel arrangements. "Frogs House" Hotel & Restorant Slow Food presents an inviting option for those in search of a peaceful stay paired with the opportunity to savor local flavors.