---\ntitle: "fronte mare orikum"\ndescription: "Fronte Mare Orikum stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by breathtaking sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112209972.jpg?k=bda5dbcba19094ddd2d2df1fc3af8fa3a200c024b44713797d80abdd8ea7baf2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: fronte-mare-orikum\naddress: "Rruga Orikumi 35, 3924 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.33126078\n  lng: 19.47532654\nprice: "US$105"\npriceFrom: 105\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112209972.jpg?k=bda5dbcba19094ddd2d2df1fc3af8fa3a200c024b44713797d80abdd8ea7baf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112149634.jpg?k=4448d8585219e977e458e1d5e3a6a11c8783ef25cbbecfb6b17c14d46fb18732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112211611.jpg?k=25c2c38678b5b3055cd46df0c4ca22e9dab6a9347439f939f28fb0227cb0acd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112262626.jpg?k=5c7a11d9444137d61d6c749542b0c87fbfbc6a3735c533ec48939b4152e60beb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140228423.jpg?k=fd16ef99e017635e7cee719a531bb6b22992686c1ccafc3784e5cc74e09defb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139805885.jpg?k=052c7e3bb0338f337d041176cb4293c57f4e694fb7cea0fce865e415f9bbd36b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112149629.jpg?k=5f89db27d7bf1da654b25eb886723fced2dbfc34b39fe09fd311236a67190c0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112211867.jpg?k=853c0664a33dfb30cdf0a3de9edb497fae141414c45e4e6850d4e1d49f033e53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112149631.jpg?k=b329d3210856d080fbf5ff1a25247cb0ca8f651194c728b43911786dde359d9d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prodhime Deti / Fish Shoop te Poli 100 m"\n  - "Restorant M. Mustafaraj 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 800 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 15 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ampev"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Excellent place for vacation. Especially for family , it was quiet and everything was near. You have everything you need in the apartment, and the owners think of everything that you possibly need for your stay. 😊”"\n  - name: "Ruža"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Probably the best apartment that we have ever been! Great value for money! Great hospitality! Very clean and cozy!”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Duży przestronny apartament z pięknym widokiem na zatokę.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fronte-mare-orikum.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, offering air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes a living room complete with a seating and dining area, two cozy bedrooms, and a bathroom equipped with both a bidet and a shower. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher, oven, and microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home to their stay.

Entertainment is readily available, with a Blu-ray player, flat-screen TV with cable channels, DVD player, and CD player ensuring that there's never a dull moment. The apartment's commitment to a smoke-free and soundproof environment guarantees a peaceful and comfortable stay for all guests.

Dining options on-site include a restaurant specializing in Italian cuisine, ensuring that guests can savor delicious meals without having to venture far. For those looking for a quick bite, a snack bar is available, along with the convenience of packed lunches for guests planning day trips.

Exploration is encouraged, with sightseeing tours easily accessible near the property. For those wishing to discover the area at their own pace, both bicycle and car rental services are offered, providing an ideal way to explore the surrounding beaches of Nettuno and Baro, located 1 km and 1.5 km away, respectively.

For guests arriving from afar, the nearest airport is Tirana International Mother Teresa, situated 167 km from the accommodation. The property thoughtfully offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless transition from travel to relaxation.

Fronte Mare Orikum not only promises a stay filled with leisure and relaxation but also provides the perfect base for exploring the enchanting surroundings of Orikum Beach.