---\ntitle: "Full flat for you 5 to 7 min walk from center"\ndescription: "Discover the convenience and comfort of \"Full Flat for You,\" a prime accommodation choice located just a short 5 to 7-minute stroll from the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100243.jpg?k=20744ee2bea7b276f967adc0eca3363c6b0c3445deabe9d579dbe16279a7822a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: full-flat-for-you-5-to-7-min-walk-from-center\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32336963\n  lng: 19.80348991\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 7.1\n  facilities: 7.1\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100243.jpg?k=20744ee2bea7b276f967adc0eca3363c6b0c3445deabe9d579dbe16279a7822a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100452.jpg?k=6fe7d179fff2b0e995ab45db3c05ee4893508b741478b96c2fec92ae71a5d164&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100678.jpg?k=3b315de5816458dec9299329acb872ef59d5eac473112464b2badab35768e342&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100639.jpg?k=4a7714f0bb30455e035680a7d352c58201ec0d02ec8b0df1902bab9193b5ec88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490306363.jpg?k=982c4388812af4fd0628a6da867518558786cd921cd80180abceedc4f5517715&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100657.jpg?k=f6d4b0f4fdff2c4ebbeaa09bbd91b93afe1230b398edbeb735dfef3b99d4e003&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490306353.jpg?k=7b7138e1e6200b24cd47d8215bef1536ddb0706b68dee356c0e44a26a97e3420&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519100746.jpg?k=2c57d85881416a437595303fe759ca8c40afcc6dd1d1fa06d4cd04e3374ff696&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490306340.jpg?k=2e1bea9128051c1f3008798460a6937edb5393e2c462cc6b6f3abd1256b009d6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (47 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita Arabe - Arabic 50 m"\n  - "Everest 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Garbolino"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura in posizione centrale e comoda per tutti i servizi. Accogliente e Host sempre presente e disponibile!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/all-flat-for-u.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n"Full Flat for You" is not just about its prime location; it's a haven of amenities designed to cater to every need of its guests. The property boasts a welcoming bar, an on-site restaurant serving delectable cuisine, a handy minimarket for all your essentials, and reliable dry cleaning services, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Connectivity is a breeze with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, and for those arriving by car, the convenience of on-site parking is a notable perk.

For those keen on exploring Tirana's charming surroundings, the apartment facilitates this adventure by offering bike hire services. And for further exploration, a car rental service is readily available, making it easy to discover the city's hidden gems at your own pace.

The apartment itself is a sanctuary of comfort and privacy. Guests are treated to a spacious layout featuring 2 bedrooms, a well-equipped kitchenette complete with an oven and microwave, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, and the modern bathroom, equipped with a walk-in shower, adds an extra layer of convenience. The addition of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to guest privacy.

Strategically positioned, "Full Flat for You" is within proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the artistic installation, Reja - The Cloud. For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

"Full Flat for You" stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana.