---\ntitle: "Full Moon Apartments"\ndescription: "Full Moon Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364691318.jpg?k=f029af04f47d7a8ca1049bae8e1fc6121c0c8f1a0c6306113986d1168ac2c08a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: full-moon-apartments\naddress: "Eqerem Çabej, 9601 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77852769\n  lng: 20.00573843\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 333\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364691318.jpg?k=f029af04f47d7a8ca1049bae8e1fc6121c0c8f1a0c6306113986d1168ac2c08a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692115.jpg?k=e83db3986ea4dcbd36a68e8febd825362e94c90819494ed27ac9963d8f2d3180&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692134.jpg?k=f6e7754f10568c80b02ebd6fa2fb2e86c5e2f68a07e527673b3720c893304aba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692346.jpg?k=2321563719483da28fee5a1d704932719288c85f173e5d12008ed3dca18616dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692113.jpg?k=8ca7a420d08b90d8f47a827836c74b3eada40fc4fc66fd926d305798d7ba18a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364691972.jpg?k=4b2d675d325f7fbf520d5757f11989a0bad28390d1ecb8761a33ab66a2b4070c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692123.jpg?k=b1754d2b9e3fca27016617433dc46a1ffca6e5440e68453c7a521413db6c4a03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364692137.jpg?k=8f0955d50bc7adcfbc3576cfc287d6676a187dd8e9b6cddd06e5a4de26223107&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474498185.jpg?k=8a0e4852ceff0c727d18f824820dd14a1f5aa85009bcc3fb2357b2bf72e179b4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (31 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 19 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tek Keli Beach 100 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach-Ksamil 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 100 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Magatha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely studio, well thought out with a great balcony overlooking the bay. We loved the location, in a quiet area. Our hosts were helpful and kind.”"\n  - name: "Hannes"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“New clean, quiet and comfy Apartment. The bed was really comfortable. My room looked like on the pictures, which isn’t always the case booking online. Furnishing was new.”"\n  - name: "Catherine"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Clean and comfortable apartment with private parking area. Credit card payment accepted. Welcome drink and bouquet on checkout was a nice touch. Short walk to beach. Great AC.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rain-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Full Moon Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that boast fully equipped kitchens, dining areas, and flat-screen TVs with satellite channels. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with baths, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay. Select units elevate the experience further with terraces or balconies, offering breathtaking views of the sea or lush gardens, while all guests can enjoy the convenience of included bed linen and towels.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Full Moon Apartments caters to a variety of needs. A quaint coffee shop on-site provides the perfect start to the day, while a handy minimarket addresses any last-minute needs. Families traveling with little ones will appreciate thoughtful touches like baby safety gates, an outdoor fireplace for cozy evenings, and a children's playground that promises endless fun.

Strategically positioned, the property is within easy reach of local attractions such as Ksamil Beach, Bora Bora Beach, and the secluded Ksamil Beach 7, making it an ideal base for exploring the area's natural beauty. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 94 km away, facilitating easy travel arrangements.

With its blend of practical amenities, family-friendly facilities, and a prime location near some of Ksamil's most beautiful beaches, Full Moon Apartments is a standout choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay by the sea.