---\ntitle: "Galeria Apartment"\ndescription: "Galeria Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110036.jpg?k=d1569c1b5f5d4dc7e8858e16419692fd3875dfb13e88c47666ea59401e9daf0a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: galeria-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave Pallati Galeria e Tiranes, 0001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3309936\n  lng: 19.82014875\nprice: "US$108"\npriceFrom: 108\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 110\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110036.jpg?k=d1569c1b5f5d4dc7e8858e16419692fd3875dfb13e88c47666ea59401e9daf0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101107224.jpg?k=31545bfbbb737a72fbd444a891a7bf845fd05a91e923e7ed69bc666f67b3c30a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101353545.jpg?k=52aed25d72bad24894693336ea32c0a51f3d7c4bdec8837aec481dcec9b930d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101357405.jpg?k=9843a780fef76da1338a572dc08df3102c2ee7bb65849dd15310414fdaac09d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110037.jpg?k=e22467f2cf5ac3c5e047da0861004da57c57b8dfb6bd46d7fcf8ac281d68d745&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110021.jpg?k=a1e7df299b587ae20d85c81d1af9d5294193f0e1dc3dcbc904847fc789428b26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110002.jpg?k=8178f6dffd885b35413822c0f56ec460839cc4bc037070b89e9656a426a8259b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110015.jpg?k=f5831d5add0e6aa4ec64d56d779d07391a9b62f25ff34e27610511f22d90fe04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101110017.jpg?k=6c6f92ca8c8a71216b4b785557652f4a1dfbf34dfd0493169db7ecc4c799ae0a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elite Hokah Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Caffee Marco Polo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kat"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This is a great location, central to everything. With free undercover parking. The apartment was very clean. Lola was great at communicating with us.”"\n  - name: "Ali"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“Very nice place and close to city center and all places”"\n  - name: "Bassam"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Everything was great. Size of the apartment. Location.
The host was super helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/galeria-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a terrace with sweeping mountain views, creating a serene backdrop for their stay. The apartment is well-appointed with a modern living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and an equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven, catering to the culinary needs of guests. The comfort extends to a cozy bedroom, complemented by a bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower, ensuring a restful and refreshing experience.

The air-conditioned unit adds to the comfort with thoughtful touches like a bidet and a dressing room, enhancing the convenience of guests. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen, towels, and housekeeping services, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

For those who prefer to stay in, a minimarket on the premises offers the convenience of easy access to essentials. The apartment's shared lounge and city view balcony provide perfect spots for relaxation and socializing.

Located near significant cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, Galeria Apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich history and vibrant culture of Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment also offers ease of travel to and from the city.

Galeria Apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the convenience of a prime location.