---\ntitle: "Garden Villa Veli"\ndescription: "Garden Villa Veli emerges as a serene oasis for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135659507.jpg?k=76ccf7a4500c3789a1870b49a7170c86fe1093a74319997bfe3eb75db4736cd1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: garden-villa-veli\naddress: "E852 60meter from\"Tirana Bank\", 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76724331\n  lng: 20.00130716\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 212\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135659507.jpg?k=76ccf7a4500c3789a1870b49a7170c86fe1093a74319997bfe3eb75db4736cd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467702638.jpg?k=f59a1125afa3ad4d8fb23993836ff09e2f116d84386c2db54fc504cb577801c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467712620.jpg?k=1f82c2cdb6255e6524aa946186f5a25e59fd0201dd257845c5f0862a9f996541&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467713873.jpg?k=2c89c8f80a03b62fcc36fcaa9b6aa499d9dbbdbdfc24ed5b2e8609a4c20c5d5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467715278.jpg?k=05eea19b846624ed43b740656d03f34b438fd7a39351c023250073c06ed97585&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140739583.jpg?k=9462b65e76cbfd1b48ecc7524a87128e649de881a8a1de6202abb5ee106d6afc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467712293.jpg?k=41ef112e4ceb3cf7ea2bea5b3e3cbd2195881f6cc49c9abbc354a9783f9ce0e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479978921.jpg?k=5ccc6767d1612b75d8e1df5615ede0c4e37cc585c2cf2936b63c7b6f20cb1937&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479978826.jpg?k=2e1a4b95cb536f9593a6477eed6fac17ee5abbba6f7c971e086aa51aa699d980&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Xhimi 100 m"\n  - "Meat Shop&Grill Rrapa 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arjola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hosts were amazing, very welcoming and helpful to show us around the area. Breakfast was delicious and menu diverse, changing daily. The location was very close to the beach, shops and restaurant. I will recommend this place to all my...”"\n  - name: "Emma"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Klara and her family were all so welcoming and kind, it made our stay so comfortable and special. We booked quite last minute and felt very lucky to get to stay in such a lovely place. Klara is incredibly talented at what she does - she is one of...”"\n  - name: "Lovepreet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location was very good, short walk to the nearby beaches. The breakfast was delicious as well. Apart from thag host, Clara, was very friendly. Her parents were very kind as well but we mainly spoke with Clara. She went out of the way to help us...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/garden-villa-veli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBoasting a lush garden setting, Garden Villa Veli provides a tranquil retreat complete with modern amenities. Each apartment is air-conditioned, offering a private balcony for those moments of quiet reflection or intimate conversations under the stars. Complimentary private parking and WiFi throughout the property add to the seamless experience, ensuring guests stay connected and stress-free.

Accommodations at Garden Villa Veli are thoughtfully designed with guests' comfort in mind. The living spaces feature flat-screen TVs for entertainment, while the private bathrooms come equipped with both bath and shower options, alongside complimentary toiletries. The kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, allows guests the flexibility to prepare meals as they wish, complemented by the provision of fresh bed linen and towels for a home-away-from-home feel.

Morning delights await as a continental breakfast offering a variety of options including pancakes, fruits, and juice is served, promising a delightful start to the day. The on-site coffee shop and minimarket provide convenient options for snacks and essentials, ensuring every need is met without having to venture far.

For those looking to explore, Bora Bora Beach is a mere 800 meters away, with Ksamil Beach 7 also within close proximity. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 92 km away, making Garden Villa Veli an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

In essence, Garden Villa Veli stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a peaceful getaway with the comforts of modern living, all within the beautiful setting of Ksamil's coastal landscape.