---\ntitle: "Gardenhouse"\ndescription: "Gardenhouse emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and nature, situated a mere 13 km from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs and 28 km from the picturesque Bay of Bones."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527875.jpg?k=82c7453a102e078c6cf064e1b84377b2e758b892f9597772761ff147b2f75d5d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gardenhouse\naddress: "Xhamia Memelisht, 7003 Mëmëlisht, Albania"\ncity: "Mëmëlisht"\nlocation: "Mëmëlisht"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.93645654\n  lng: 20.63458766\nprice: "US$20"\npriceFrom: 20\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527875.jpg?k=82c7453a102e078c6cf064e1b84377b2e758b892f9597772761ff147b2f75d5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483528172.jpg?k=e238301ff5719493d408a5a36808922c84112ffe5d6e6cfd4cbd517215e96d6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527710.jpg?k=1aba7b38047a15039aa384ea6ab813423c5942e217050052eec7e73180051c28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527779.jpg?k=eaf2eb47648c101eddb0f4565e3efce1836a306a544966d22c5bd9ea38e96a59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377287499.jpg?k=87055eaf55b9cdfe7f0869a3cfb55598ef2e37254b3525fc6e812a054856f9e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527671.jpg?k=4953b68598be9fed0fb2c712d7b52b83afa6d04c0dada10a1f61b8a3275d2a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483527623.jpg?k=d50eb96c8f2e8069f0ed64e03f133e31481498381110329696e6953f11de4718&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483528010.jpg?k=cbce1f09c2b94b0cbe28de74bfbebdae80018310fcd50bdf00b486483d9abb22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515506351.jpg?k=072145047e0ad9ca19d12ed56ace8e7a0081638deadc19c542010e7c175ec20c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ilo Hotel and 700 m"\n  - "Panorama 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 5 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 9 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 15 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 27 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 76 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 92 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Silvia"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“We absolutely loved our stay! The accommodation is basic but has all you need. Ideal to escape the heat: the room is on the ground floor and is very pleasantly cool. The garden is the best feature. Perfect to relax, with a hammock, deck chairs and...”"\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Pasamos la Navidad aqui. Adelina es Super amable. Nos regalo para que probemos un montón de cosas ricas! Fue muy amable y atenta con nosotros. El departamento estaba Super limpio. La cama muy cómoda! Y la cocina muy equipada”"\n  - name: "Marcel"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Sehr liebe Gastgeberin. Hat uns verwöhnt.
Sehr ruhige Unterkunft.
Die Matratze des Bettes ist spitze (ziemlich hart und stabil).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gardenhouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, complemented by a flat-screen TV with cable channels for those leisurely evenings in. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, featuring an oven, fridge, washing machine, stovetop, and an array of kitchenware. The thoughtful addition of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity, leading guests into a space where the warmth of a fireplace awaits, alongside the option to enjoy wine, champagne, and fruits for a touch of luxury.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always within reach. Those staying at Gardenhouse are encouraged to explore the surrounding area of Mëmëlisht, where activities such as fishing promise to reconnect guests with the great outdoors. Barbecue facilities are also available for those who delight in al fresco dining under the stars.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Early Christian Basilica, located 36 km and 44 km away, respectively, offering a glimpse into the region's rich cultural heritage. For ease of travel, Ohrid Airport is situated 41 km from Gardenhouse, making it a convenient choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In essence, Gardenhouse stands out as a charming option for those in pursuit of tranquility, comfort, and a touch of adventure amidst the natural beauty of the region.