---\ntitle: "Garden Sea View Studio"\ndescription: "Garden Sea View Studio emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Mango Beach and a leisurely stroll from the tranquil Flamingo Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937020.jpg?k=fa6ea76832ab076d8e99bbb311ba03be85ad2483234dee6ada72e8c7b382c34a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: garden-sea-view-studio\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85061338\n  lng: 20.0225956\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937020.jpg?k=fa6ea76832ab076d8e99bbb311ba03be85ad2483234dee6ada72e8c7b382c34a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937080.jpg?k=9c9c17544210a366cd3d5a31ed7b784fb92dd8de2df77895b3379eb33162453c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937125.jpg?k=738a8678d3b51a0e76271c8238e945713e4760c5ac3f0a319c011b75f6d3ad46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937110.jpg?k=a5062a36848ad9e33d03093883aede5a98d582583ef1cd1d64cadd0aac46327c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937113.jpg?k=243900138597c7a35767e46c59eff3fbb135c699738b5f0b1d8348fb3fba900b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371942905.jpg?k=97759109b51e9f8fd4439b55ff9fb14ae15ea899672710e33753695b8a956a18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937103.jpg?k=fe35faa5dc0c16c86f82de078a856a2129aa907bc2860dc98834dd139a24ce70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937107.jpg?k=30a3d4694cef789ab32fac8760069375366075e2121371356987b591096318fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371937083.jpg?k=12cc18eba9fafc0c68c94a6cbf120c9681106da06fd6d5b38a968bbc81f2a0a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Clubitalianelmondo 150 m"\n  - "Sunrise 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 450 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 900 m"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 200 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 950 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zlatko"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location of the apartment is perfect. It is about 300 meters from the nearest beach, with a small terrace with a lovely sea view. There are a few well-equipped shops within 5-10 minutes walk from the location. There is a lot of fast food and...”"\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo miły, pomocny i uprzejmy personel, czyste i piękne studio z widokiem na morze! Polecam!!”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento si trova letteralmente di fronte ad una spiaggia libera gratuita e molto comoda. Promosso!
Consigliato per chi vuole andare a Saranda e alloggiare nel mezzo tra Saranda e Ksamil”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/garden-sea-view-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven boasts a thoughtfully designed space that includes a bedroom equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests are treated to a seamless blend of functionality and comfort, with a flat-screen TV, washing machine, and a kitchen outfitted with a fridge and stovetop at their disposal. The highlight, however, is the private balcony that offers breathtaking sea views, complemented by outdoor furniture for guests to unwind and soak in the serene surroundings.

Privacy and peace are paramount at Garden Sea View Studio, underscored by soundproofing and a private entrance that guarantees an undisturbed escape. The addition of complimentary WiFi allows guests to stay connected while embracing the tranquility of their surroundings.

Situated within easy reach of the enchanting Heaven Beach and the historical Butrint National Park, this studio serves as a perfect base for explorers keen to delve into the natural and cultural riches of the area. With Ioannina Airport located 98 km away, Garden Sea View Studio stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience for both domestic and international travelers, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Sarandë.