---\ntitle: "Garden Villa Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Garden Villa Boutique Hotel emerges as a serene beachfront oasis in Pogradec, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248029806.jpg?k=62d8a176a49398583d7ade3e06e3882264a048e34ba353c85c0a826dacee0d5c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: garden-villa-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frashëri Ndertesa Nr. 56, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90374503\n  lng: 20.65570536\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 441\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248029806.jpg?k=62d8a176a49398583d7ade3e06e3882264a048e34ba353c85c0a826dacee0d5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377948613.jpg?k=b9f72ed8e49f9967140cd1007a11afb9f26d4331aa6a73473bbdcc55ab9e413d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248175604.jpg?k=12603231b07eb72735bda71ad227844d2040c3fb2d2a6d7e8ed552795493876e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248170816.jpg?k=948c253aa95e957ed3029a92879fccb0fa357248670d1c6f6319e5e89fc71da5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/248864552.jpg?k=47614ea6e5fe7be4fcc5d7cf462b9e45a26c59e96b879bdca60effc05b5478ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310347595.jpg?k=7d5fa7ef07a12df958023d10523773397abfec51536c2508852dceea41dcf7a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377949012.jpg?k=15d07d0d514a6eb227e7f2167249dc51c59840e2d5708084eec5a5cf29735ac5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377948917.jpg?k=21b1e2d55398c6ece105b85d5e60984e173025b9ec2f4c556e7b5be8c078adf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377948698.jpg?k=0313b98a0772a725a9504b473ddb8ebc868d0027b01e603d117d436d07ff225b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "Queen Room"\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Suite with Garden View"\n  - "Queen Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PORADECI 50 m"\n  - "Fast Food Special 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.3 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dean"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Excellent conditions and services! Very hospitable staff, comfortable beds and delicious breakfast! Best place you can stay at ohrid lake!”"\n  - name: "Eline"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Beautiful and stylish hotel, and the garden is super charming, a little oasis. Location is just next to the lake. Room was clean and staff was friendly. Breakfast was amazing!”"\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Spacious and very clean apartment in a recently renovated building. The personnel was very caring and helpful. Very tasty and big breakfasts. Fantastic location - near the lake, shops and restaurants. We were really enjoying our stay during two...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/garden-villa-pogradec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world where modern amenities meet nature's tranquility. Each unit at the Garden Villa Boutique Hotel is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which come with walk-in showers, bathrobes, slippers, and bed linen, enhancing the overall experience of luxury and comfort. Select units also boast the cozy addition of a fireplace, adding a touch of warmth to the elegant décor.

Beyond the confines of the well-appointed rooms, the hotel boasts a range of facilities designed to cater to every guest's needs. The property features a lush garden, a sun-drenched terrace, and a welcoming bar, creating the perfect backdrop for relaxation or socializing. For those who prefer to explore the surroundings, the hotel offers packed lunches, while the on-site coffee shop provides a cozy spot for a leisurely drink. The inclusion of a picnic area, free WiFi, free private parking, and an electric vehicle charging station underscores the hotel's commitment to convenience and sustainability.

Families visiting Garden Villa Boutique Hotel will appreciate the thoughtful amenities aimed at younger guests, including outdoor play equipment and a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay for parents. After a day spent hiking or participating in walking tours, the shared lounge area offers a peaceful retreat where guests can unwind and reflect on the day's adventures.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Early Christian Basilica, both located 40 km from the hotel, offering guests a glimpse into the region's rich cultural heritage. With Ohrid Airport just 47 km away, the Garden Villa Boutique Hotel presents an accessible escape for those seeking a blend of leisure, luxury, and adventure in the heart of Pogradec.