---\ntitle: "Garden of Happiness'' Apartment"\ndescription: "The \"Garden of Happiness\" Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square and the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371793065.jpg?k=7036557c25b387d74a15a6cd3b741dd29ccf3382ff4179a5feb7843c73095b3d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: garden-of-happiness-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Himë Kolli, Ndertesa 30, Hyrja 21, Ap.21, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32557389\n  lng: 19.81050412\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371793065.jpg?k=7036557c25b387d74a15a6cd3b741dd29ccf3382ff4179a5feb7843c73095b3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388757077.jpg?k=077c9bab2d483fc629a0d7b314e41ace9bdfcc710a957cadf43210f305eee9dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792797.jpg?k=7527f94506c19bb1b3f0984a0eda171b1d8ea625b378a06bae295d69abcde19b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792831.jpg?k=bcb849cb1d50360998bd30a474d9af14d68f146c7219fdd43eb4263c606ff431&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792801.jpg?k=379133146774aef2dc27bcbc9a40e1a0b9939b1f3a93900dfe008a2738f73487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792498.jpg?k=d229461c9ca4d9965658cf6333e30c8ddeff67bf882150015dbee0ff06eb5526&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792814.jpg?k=be8b85e04eb868fb87fddc9bc2f1baa1bfea73eb02a0bce806d47178ea0856be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792796.jpg?k=f5fe3156c745df31df15abbc9cbdc3c597698ca0217e831895fd92962d539cee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371792825.jpg?k=2164eb026ea459b3130192b7e0fe2b4fd5238020764ffc1e8fc6f46d9cfdea94&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Luara 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Altari 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kari"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Great location in the city centre. We loved the terrasse. The host is very friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Clds"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The owner was in contact with us at all times helping us with everything we needed throughout our stay. The apartment is very comfortable and has everything. The terrace is really cozy 😋”"\n  - name: "Mela"\n    country: "Costa Rica"\n    text: "“The Host was extremly friendly, He helped us so much with waiting for US in the night, giving US very good and usefull Tips where To Go Next, providing a taxi for US. He îs a super good Host. Highly recommended.
And the Appartement is very Nice,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/garden-of-happiness-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAir-conditioned and accessible by lift, the apartment doesn't just stop at basic comforts. It extends its hospitality outdoors with a sun terrace, perfect for guests who appreciate a breath of fresh air without stepping out of their accommodation. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the provision of complimentary WiFi across the premises and a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a pleasant stay for all.

The interior of the apartment is nothing short of spacious and welcoming, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom complete with essential linens and towels. Entertainment and dining needs are well catered to, with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to whip up their own dishes. The balcony, offering sweeping city views, adds a touch of romance to the already charming setting, especially when enjoyed from the outdoor dining area.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount here, with soundproofing and a private entrance allowing guests to retreat into their own peaceful haven. The culinary offerings are equally impressive, with a variety of breakfast options including continental and Italian selections, warm dishes, local specialties, and fruits served daily, ensuring a delightful start to the day.

For adventurers eager to explore the surrounding area, the "Garden of Happiness" Apartment facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services, along with packed lunches for day trips. Noteworthy attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are conveniently located nearby, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment also offers a paid shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. This blend of thoughtful amenities, prime location, and attentive services makes the "Garden of Happiness" Apartment a distinguished choice for travelers visiting Tirana.