---\ntitle: "Gebauer"\ndescription: "Gebauer stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the serene Durres Beach, merely 100 meters to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506957212.jpg?k=78eb15eddab0571da0e63b0ab6194d736a1bd56f6774518e4d779232fa8179a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gebauer\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia 54, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3148205\n  lng: 19.4739615\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506957212.jpg?k=78eb15eddab0571da0e63b0ab6194d736a1bd56f6774518e4d779232fa8179a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/506957209.jpg?k=48f539be133a090231b31e7962c3b0d9e6a8cc8752d69a9064c77da89b688058&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/506957214.jpg?k=c46a0178896aed704d043122cced1a2c44006239f9394238d1f1e0267b49912a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/506957216.jpg?k=e7fc95d4942c94a1fe0d0178c20d9f3109ace6c082c6c0268f95bf076ee71284&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/506957218.jpg?k=227b76429114ac5599596f61a77046660896a10aeed8bb14db0622d6e949a522&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Napoli 30 m"\n  - "Troy Piceri Grill House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gebauer.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself breathes a sense of tranquility and ease, thanks to its air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. It boasts a layout that includes a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a microwave and fridge, catering to all the culinary needs of its guests. The presence of a TV adds a touch of entertainment to the living space, making it a perfect setting for relaxation. Additionally, the property maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

For those intrigued by history and culture, the Durres Amphitheatre is merely 3.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the ancient past of the region. The House of Leaves, standing 36 km from Gebauer, provides another fascinating excursion spot. Convenience is further underscored by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 31 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

With free WiFi available throughout the property and the inclusion of a lift, Gebauer ensures that every aspect of the guest's stay is marked by ease and accessibility. Whether it's for the strategic location, the comfortable living arrangements, or the proximity to cultural landmarks, Gebauer emerges as a compelling choice for those looking to experience Durrës in all its facets.