---\ntitle: "George's Apartment"\ndescription: "George's Apartment in Gjirokastër stands out as a serene retreat, located just a stone's throw away from the tranquil Zaravina Lake, approximately 44 km distant."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657286.jpg?k=eaabc9e7de4fb3558d88f745dbe1e34d8b8ff00b9baa1478415d89f969b3a05a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: george-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Duri, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08372451\n  lng: 20.13913246\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657286.jpg?k=eaabc9e7de4fb3558d88f745dbe1e34d8b8ff00b9baa1478415d89f969b3a05a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470657947.jpg?k=a3bff60c166a644dca5534545b7d2cef00271c2d3cf959aa62ed1c8ee1a27545&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657240.jpg?k=c4c18dda92a7728a430f5054096b29f3918e9a07bcdf8a8e6348970a426a008c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657280.jpg?k=a061474977fed4a040fcfc39ce0edc995b8479b212d8e8bd9cd6b077b2646e9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657268.jpg?k=e4a88ca22716fa1d5a807a0b59ddbfe423fd06ffba97cca913f8d9aa286c341c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470657913.jpg?k=540f5c897e13fd42418d94677dd926f4aad770b1a7afc73916d93f7d261ba1e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435658697.jpg?k=e138db888d464ce86b52ab59a270667c2eb7921d7492746c59c998fe9c8e1380&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657277.jpg?k=2b4ae924605c2f6896bb1fbb32a35e054ed5a29dafb0eec5cace9e0f4f0ffbfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435657239.jpg?k=660edab92e433c4061e51d38ba42ed5b375e7967386e98268444f5641559c3cd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Taste of the Sea 200 m"\n  - "Pizza n 300 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sven"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Comfortable, huge and clean apartment with comfortable beds and a big, nice terrace. Their young daughter was super cute, she explained everything with her great English and also her parents are super nice. Delicious breakfast which feeds you for...”"\n  - name: "Stuart"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“George and Georgina were really flexible to wait for us as we ended up on a really bad road and so were very late to check in. We were pleasantly surprised that they were so understanding and waited up later than we expected given our...”"\n  - name: "Nuno"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“We were welcome by George and his lovely 8 y old daughter. She made the translations. She speaks very well English. They were ready to answer all of our needs. The house is very nice, big and very clean.
With a very nice homemade...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/georges-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of private check-in and check-out services, alongside a currency exchange facility, ensuring a seamless start to their stay. The apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, boasting a spacious terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views. Inside, the holiday home is equipped with two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the bathroom is complete with a bidet and shower, ensuring a comfortable stay.

One of the unique features of George's Apartment is the outdoor dining area, allowing guests to enjoy meals amidst the natural beauty of Gjirokastër. For those chillier evenings, the fireplace provides a warm and inviting atmosphere, making it the perfect spot to unwind after a day of exploration. The holiday home also prides itself on offering a private entrance, enhancing the sense of privacy and exclusivity for its guests.

For outdoor enthusiasts, the property includes a picnic area, ideal for spending a leisurely day in the great outdoors. Despite its serene location, the holiday home remains within accessible reach of Ioannina Airport, located 83 km away, making it a convenient choice for travelers.

George's Apartment is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the charm and tranquility of Gjirokastër, promising a memorable getaway for those who choose to stay here.