---\ntitle: "Gerea's Holiday House"\ndescription: "Gerea's Holiday House stands out as a serene retreat in Durrës, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience just a stone's throw away from Lalëz Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471636142.jpg?k=e8bae403bbbbd0d0a0153111b4041fb05bc3ea0b92cec3f1179d1f51782b2af8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gerea-s-holiday-house\naddress: "300 m nga Vala Mar Residence, Hamallaj, Durres., Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.48648751\n  lng: 19.52187171\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471636142.jpg?k=e8bae403bbbbd0d0a0153111b4041fb05bc3ea0b92cec3f1179d1f51782b2af8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965291.jpg?k=a35f6a31ad160f9c4c88b6ec42b8dda19a0c7b8da7be9ed30f2149060fde088d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965287.jpg?k=78cff09ec171b13d9a1dea314cccb014459f1006580a984a621e821e02ccf8a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965332.jpg?k=77b51acaa3cb7ee07eedf70b900ed012cafa05d2d343aa5ae40c60620edeea8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471636245.jpg?k=f24a9faba86bbd1769d107c53b93e4ff24672339217a51d497637ae455ddf3d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965325.jpg?k=0f1216497124dff42d9012e6b9a21aab41deba4a70aedc708de469c3efe27bed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471636263.jpg?k=5cf2cc0cfe3f817e4c7838174fd9bf1a51643e3ce0daba35fc653101542cd23d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474965282.jpg?k=4f52f49d59dcfd66fc4cdb500f5060f08676524bd6eec0a48172a07f507c2d15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471636240.jpg?k=f6e82205bb835d59a364c33b81ac05300caa44ce7677f948ab5934ca2bf5f008&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bedouin 1.2 km"\n  - "Oasis Bar 2.2 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 18 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 20 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 20 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Poulain"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Accueil familial très chaleureux des parents et des enfants.
Ces derniers, parlant anglais établissaient à merveille le contact.
Maison avec tout l'équipement.
Très beau jardin pour se détendre et belle terrasse pour manger.
Épicerie toute proche...”"\n  - name: "Ismail"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The house was clean. The hosts welcomed us at the door. They were kind and smiling. we are very satisfied.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gereas-holiday-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with a well-appointed holiday home that boasts a spacious terrace and sweeping garden views. The interior is thoughtfully designed to cater to all needs, featuring two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a modern bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of luxury to the stay.

One of the highlights of Gerea's Holiday House is its outdoor dining area, allowing guests to enjoy meals amidst the natural beauty of the surroundings. The property ensures privacy and security with a private entrance and full-day security, alongside the convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi.

For those looking to explore the local area, the holiday home serves as an excellent base. It is located within easy reach of notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, and the historical Rock of Kavaje. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also accessible, offering a glimpse into the country's past.

Moreover, the property features a delightful picnic area, perfect for guests wishing to spend a leisurely day outdoors. With its proximity to both the beach and cultural landmarks, Gerea's Holiday House promises a memorable stay for those visiting Durrës.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 32 km away, ensuring a smooth journey to and from the holiday home. Whether it's for a weekend getaway or a longer holiday, Gerea's Holiday House is a top choice for travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration.