---\ntitle: "Ges'house"\ndescription: "Ges'house emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405869814.jpg?k=4e5ee00dd43d501175e29466060e2bf39fdf6e451787958f80333943b1eee564&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ges-house\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Bërxolli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3266417\n  lng: 19.8139995\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405869814.jpg?k=4e5ee00dd43d501175e29466060e2bf39fdf6e451787958f80333943b1eee564&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476332790.jpg?k=b3d8d014ef55ae003978d7a8fd582c4d9150437ff0665eabfbb7449b6d78110f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406597698.jpg?k=4fc6dde33b48836ebb9f320fa98b1ea4b13e598ebd7b4cd5422aac5ffd932129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406224884.jpg?k=c7a59ef89c3e5d606ceccabfb53502237552d0fa49230b55152e51939995616a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476336446.jpg?k=b034a1d826a03576359fae58732a7c28323dcdbeb00e4e39baac4b22bcf1acfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476332988.jpg?k=154b6829f2a5772fcb86dd575adfd35083c7f7b0cd963d3222c4565158390101&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476336800.jpg?k=b7a34a540ede753a98c733b39268a73d19a2ee6a0c47eb6d8f89588bc80c9bf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476336897.jpg?k=9b79e38dcc490c771a62ea02ffe441f6aff089d4928f21f15b43e738014a0ec4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406609896.jpg?k=6dd3af8d0fcb3b5e99bf106f3415afe21982f84ad9eb9c5bde58cd4ba54e123e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posta 150 m"\n  - "Makamona 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rajda"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I loved how clean and newly renovated the apartment was. We stayed here for almost 2 weeks and it had everything we needed during that time period and made a lot of meals in the process. There are two separate bedrooms and one main bathroom along...”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean and everything is close to shops, restaurants and everything.”"\n  - name: "Enisa"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Amazing host, good location, apartment as described! I truly recommend the place.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ges-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA stone's throw away from cultural landmarks such as the Et'hem Bey Mosque, Reja - The Cloud, and the National Museum of History Albania, guests find themselves immersed in the rich tapestry of Tirana's history and culture. The proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha adds a layer of historical intrigue to the stay, making it an ideal spot for those keen to explore Albania's past.

The apartment itself offers a generous layout, featuring a separate bedroom, a bathroom equipped with modern amenities, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dining area and oven, and a cozy living room adorned with a flat-screen TV. This combination of space and facilities caters to both short and extended stays, providing a home-away-from-home experience.

For those eager to delve deeper into the city's offerings, Ges'house is conveniently situated near other points of interest including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, guests enjoy easy access to and from this charming abode.

Ges'house stands out as a meticulously appointed base for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of historical proximity, modern comforts, and strategic location.