---\ntitle: "Gesapartment"\ndescription: "Gesapartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478670401.jpg?k=761de334a1ddd41fa5d293c7c7bc0776f7660bb2a10310db1849d85bee8764b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gesapartment\naddress: "Rruga Xhavit Shyqyri Demneri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3231103\n  lng: 19.82837634\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478670401.jpg?k=761de334a1ddd41fa5d293c7c7bc0776f7660bb2a10310db1849d85bee8764b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478670050.jpg?k=39c2a9b2502eefa97007e665761b74ab8e9509cb9b26abe2da7adbd3978c68b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478670639.jpg?k=71a720a3c936b69fc3b16e665d94326d3ff7db40a0a8db3760a0b535dc4e6ddb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478670174.jpg?k=b83c155775e03b8a0f34ad29a6407846ea56ffcc9bcb22f29fa4101a23f7d560&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478669802.jpg?k=619a7049cf9d906ad88759988c76dc537e5abccb7cf19eec435c8f0d03e00037&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491555379.jpg?k=8c9de4207b3a6d9f6d09b123dce8378aab68c05112a3fb68a47c3782ef1cf182&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477280160.jpg?k=ec2ad0e4611740dc33d52114c466133059982b49afc1689ce73594398de28cc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496344419.jpg?k=0fdc3f2055661fcd5721bb04ed2f25a38d780cbf550d5a37157baebb4e3ae73b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515509435.jpg?k=c2fbb281704f6eacbb4344067688f094f4d9c830a9197222fc86fe195f670436&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Friends Coffee 50 m"\n  - "Fiamma Bar Pizzeria 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kudret"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“At Gesapartment everything was in place everything was very clean, tidy, I stayed for 2 nights and I am leaving this review to say a big thanks to the Owner ,very respectful, very helpful, all boxes ticked. Hygiene was excellent in every room,...”"\n  - name: "Bledar"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“What a great place, can’t recommend it enough. We stayed here for 2 nights. From the minute we arrived Koli was extremely accommodating, made us feel very welcome.
Throughout our stay any communication we had with Koli was promptly responded.
The...”"\n  - name: "Anyla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very comfotable, very clean, exelent location, well equipped,, decorated tastefully.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gesapartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring a variety of cable channels, and a fully equipped kitchen ready to cater to any culinary desire, complete with an oven and a toaster. The inclusion of a washing machine adds a layer of convenience for longer stays, while the bathroom, equipped with a bidet, ensures a comfortable and refreshing experience. It's noteworthy that the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

For those keen to explore, Gesapartment serves as an ideal launchpad. The property is in close proximity to several of Tirana's notable landmarks, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the serene Saint Paul Cathedral. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 18 km away, making Gesapartment an accessible and appealing choice for both domestic and international travelers.