---\ntitle: "Getaway Tirana City Center - STAYcation Apartments"\ndescription: "Getaway Tirana City Center - STAYcation Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492953544.jpg?k=c61a0c6981a0ed64e74b1dfb55cf8092837891a9be7a3f36ab740b3c799f8c79&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: getaway-tirana-city-center-staycation-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3297009\n  lng: 19.8221404\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492953544.jpg?k=c61a0c6981a0ed64e74b1dfb55cf8092837891a9be7a3f36ab740b3c799f8c79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492953455.jpg?k=bdeb78c62a11d20f9de503ee513974a36c60b1fb5ede1dddc1c559fd28551f58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952641.jpg?k=d266d44e426491a8847824d262176024d1875b8e9b2c51f6ba418df34744799c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952693.jpg?k=994f98f306ba629747b699c0131fc538c49dee9cde81690eae591763c0ed1dcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952680.jpg?k=fadfbf764beedf9d4d9900f849549b93d22df609a0b82bfa2ea1654cce559a9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417377651.jpg?k=670588b5247f20c7c93a4dd1bf5a66bc4d76269932b2897bf1dae5e011ff4e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952678.jpg?k=8429bdf425176473816a6744069bfc958b281bf91985aae4752b5c707b9857b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952689.jpg?k=378a14712f6dc3c6b4c23f3fb49855582a7525ac1fae602d405854bb1ee2359c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492952604.jpg?k=e57d70ea0bd38f97af7e6ff726c3a43cb6d59f6fc1925e95878fb1c344182d73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (13 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "MAnna 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good location. Cozy, warm, clean. Everything was very good! :)”"\n  - name: "Mahir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Apartment is amazing and in walking distance from Skenderbey Square”"\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Super bien situado, muy amable la persona que se ocupa el lugar esta limpio y comodo lo recomiendo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfy-private-condo-1bd-ac-in-center-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering top-notch amenities, including an elevator for easy access, round-the-clock security, and complimentary WiFi across all areas. Accessibility is a priority, with facilities designed to accommodate guests with disabilities, ensuring a comfortable stay for everyone.

Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful design, featuring a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. The space is well-appointed with a cozy bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting modern appliances like a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower, along with the provision of bed linen, towels, and a convenient laundry service, adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without having to leave the comfort of the apartment complex. 

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the city. 

Located just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Getaway Tirana City Center - STAYcation Apartments also offers a paid shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience from arrival to departure. This property stands as a beacon of hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay in the vibrant heart of Tirana.