---\ntitle: "Gex apartments"\ndescription: "Gex Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472629494.jpg?k=50c5ffa00c50028b36c34a3ee74242eff606b5fe36516f6e2836d8ea43ee4051&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gex-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, 1015 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33533323\n  lng: 19.81891525\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 153\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472629494.jpg?k=50c5ffa00c50028b36c34a3ee74242eff606b5fe36516f6e2836d8ea43ee4051&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474914124.jpg?k=05ab9286a094c9fdc9d484bfb0fb74e3acf9b438c4e3683605e03732a7aad0eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500250312.jpg?k=c0262825d5dd03571867a1b48ecc183d22a7aa89bff7da38f91fb1c1b880f2cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476060972.jpg?k=24b3442ba986dae651f8e3a5cd58dcbae7a3d686f80fa43d02b5485449340d29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464436715.jpg?k=4772bc3a4d494939269212412af413112bb84f87ec638df79e4c355927b1b8a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500250297.jpg?k=8db1daf0baad9aa4f5ccd9e7e6c4793d43fba83b90d13f65dccbfb7cc92414a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AC Longue 40 m"\n  - "Trinity 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Donald"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Quite clean and modern apartment! Really liked the distance from the main square!”"\n  - name: "Georgia"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect for what we needed, in a fantastic location and they had a washing machine which was great for us as we are long term travelling. Host was very contactable and quick to respond super helpful”"\n  - name: "Ayisha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really clean and good property,And the host was really kind he helped us in everything.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gex-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Gex Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to ensure a seamless stay. The property features state-of-the-art security and an elevator, complemented by complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. The family-friendly rooms are thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for those moments of relaxation. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and private bathroom with luxurious bathrobes, a bidet, and a hairdryer adds a touch of home-away-from-home comfort. For added convenience, each unit is furnished with a refrigerator, coffee machine, kettle, and comes complete with bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore Tirana on two wheels, Gex Apartments offers a bicycle rental service, providing an eco-friendly and enjoyable way to discover the city's hidden gems. The property's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the House of Leaves enriches the stay experience, offering guests a glimpse into Albania's storied past and vibrant present.

Situated just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Gex Apartments presents an accessible retreat for both domestic and international travelers. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find this apartment complex to be a sophisticated choice that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.