---\ntitle: "Ginger Home Tirana"\ndescription: "Ginger Home Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365531317.jpg?k=0b1ac0f1aa9126c8c33884ee7d769ebf5f5d91a1e686a2557789384bb7259add&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ginger-home-tirana\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave Apt 8/1, Turdiu Center, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33030409\n  lng: 19.82148726\nprice: "US$83"\npriceFrom: 83\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 154\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365531317.jpg?k=0b1ac0f1aa9126c8c33884ee7d769ebf5f5d91a1e686a2557789384bb7259add&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375744026.jpg?k=2a445cacc989b1046db6c30fe271b92afebd7f9c7847a5954667fa35d3fafb0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375744088.jpg?k=ec4695625beeafc27cb3659ea64fc3428070627a26905eaf8118abfce554e5dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375743840.jpg?k=17dc6b243dd9c9079dcdc2029e0e63e2db943f17554854e4ec6917d06057d276&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389254653.jpg?k=a411d15ac04b9cae7524573a1d56a99adcbb786f4e31d9232d817071061426f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375744123.jpg?k=1ba8e036f304a6534c823ea5a898c28fcd61c415bc683fb177e9418bc12b3cce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizaa 50 m"\n  - "Coffee Spot 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely apartment room in a great location. The manager was very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A lovely interior in the apartment, clean and comfy, and it has a coffee machine which is a bonus. As well easy communicate with the host and even better its located in the centre - easy access to everywhere. WOULD RECOMMEND!”"\n  - name: "Samra"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Very easy access to shops, restaurants, ...bus station. SMART check in / out 🪩.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/martinis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach unit at Ginger Home Tirana is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, ensuring a stay that marries convenience with luxury. Selected rooms boast balconies, offering guests a private slice of Tirana's vibrant cityscape. The provision of bed linen and towels in every unit underscores the aparthotel's commitment to hassle-free travel.

The property's thoughtful design includes a private entrance, streamlining the arrival and departure process for guests. This feature, coupled with its location near must-visit sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Museum of History Albania, positions Ginger Home Tirana as a compelling choice for those eager to immerse themselves in Albania's cultural heritage.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the aparthotel ensures ease of access for international travelers, making it an ideal pick for those looking to experience the best of Tirana with the comforts of home at their fingertips.