---\ntitle: "Gisi's Bazaars"\ndescription: "Gisi's Bazaars emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661271.jpg?k=a45354e4c11a47da43fa4729f270664f9c7d5adcf4ee2048286e42dcd03d95e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gisi-s-bazaars\naddress: "Rruga Beqir Luga, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32977182\n  lng: 19.82703814\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661271.jpg?k=a45354e4c11a47da43fa4729f270664f9c7d5adcf4ee2048286e42dcd03d95e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661283.jpg?k=381a0efa3248bbab61515a56ff7a9b7f4eb966d840cc921c468024d6b12e035f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661290.jpg?k=66473fe7650bd67f493ecba11f90ab84097d4f2e168519e80ad5573e0e0dec1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661272.jpg?k=ca9900c3b2de193c80b6dfa54867ab8471aafeea528ef00d15fabcfc311eb513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661276.jpg?k=32dbfb2b0e15c7510081facbc1dac14be2a76e13e9e8285782e16cbbaf9feaf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661274.jpg?k=05dd59cbf3bde80d323fa9d2ccd3aa7e29210ac0c2290dc11cab89af1ddf7b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661278.jpg?k=e8f4c6a532a11bb2a5b3142084cbd7d5375b0494da794cc42948742444bbd7c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661257.jpg?k=c48bd00d0253eb70255966828b80530d4591c83cc1a78688a2068fcfea4f9b94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527952199.jpg?k=a1f88ab07916d2f112d5d3e030e1fa0bfb99a19c566cb13dfc337c48ce6e6844&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meet Friends 40 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Floriana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Fanstastic stay, lovely apartment, i will be return next month again.
The apartment Was perfect, in kitchen has everything that i need, the area was quiet. Just exceptional”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The house was comfortable, with all conditions. the owners were very hospitable and as soon as I need it I will go there again.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“O apartamento é muito limpo tem tudo que você precisa! As respostas sempre rápida , ela não deixou faltar nada eu gostei tido”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gisis-bazaars-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment offers a serene retreat with its well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes modern amenities such as a dishwasher and a kettle. The bathroom is equipped with a bidet and comes with complimentary slippers, ensuring guests enjoy both comfort and convenience. To enhance the stay, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, emphasizing the property's attention to detail.

For those interested in exploring local attractions, Gisi's Bazaars is perfectly situated near Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, offering guests a glimpse into the local culture and shopping scene. Connectivity is also a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

With its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment coupled with free WiFi access throughout the property, Gisi's Bazaars caters to the needs of modern travelers, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and connected.