---\ntitle: "Gjiri i Lalzit lura3"\ndescription: "Gjiri i Lalzit lura3 emerges as a serene retreat for those seeking a blend of comfort and convenience amidst the vibrant landscapes of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400636610.jpg?k=0197093968ed53f613c9b179411c2600a1b07cf495184a69ff768015f9c0f32f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gjiri-i-lalzit-lura3\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50517584\n  lng: 19.51996039\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400636610.jpg?k=0197093968ed53f613c9b179411c2600a1b07cf495184a69ff768015f9c0f32f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Triumf 2 400 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Oasis 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 450 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 18 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 96 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gjiri-i-lalzit-lura3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, the property is a comfortable drive from notable landmarks, including the historic Skanderbeg Square and the enchanting Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 43 km and 47 km away, respectively. For those intrigued by history, the Rock of Kavaje and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha are within easy reach, as is the ancient Durres Amphitheatre, offering a glimpse into Albania's storied past.

The holiday home itself is a testament to modern living, boasting air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests are welcomed into a space thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy bedroom, and a bathroom that caters to all the comforts of home. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is never far away, while the garden views offer a tranquil backdrop for relaxation.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi enveloping the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world, should they choose to. For explorers eager to delve into Albania's rich history, the House of Leaves and the National Museum of History Albania are both situated 43 km from the holiday home, promising enriching day trips.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 29 km away, making Gjiri i Lalzit lura3 an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers looking for a picturesque base to explore the wonders of Durrës and beyond.