---\ntitle: "Gjiri Lalzit Apartment"\ndescription: "Gjiri Lalzit Apartment emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the Albanian coast."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022447.jpg?k=65a86e56df719c036e1ea3bd0c07c5baa68b977c006df23490c6d2a4daef5443&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gjiri-lalzit-apartment\naddress: "Lura Resort Gjiri i Lalzit, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50201201\n  lng: 19.51660037\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022447.jpg?k=65a86e56df719c036e1ea3bd0c07c5baa68b977c006df23490c6d2a4daef5443&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022232.jpg?k=b767ad0e5e568ce0c73315ecf9f784894642d5fd372ada9cb1dc4531e8c31d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022443.jpg?k=79e04e3734a8fec0ad0115b4f148a62c862a4c5c42f92bc449941624cb472836&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022446.jpg?k=e2bba522e8b21bca63a4fbe7463f89dc1cf4fe9ae23d3c7677ae48eb7cf92592&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022485.jpg?k=101776754f0c099a676940433187e67e9436786ae90a3112666ea09740d9bdb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82667386.jpg?k=60ad60cc224943c37f3565877cfa80cb2f3f9788aaa137b02758854c3a8c3153&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022449.jpg?k=2199c3188cfb32bc95dee35a676a209f6ec3dd7fa3d40c2bd90c215b6dae37b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299022482.jpg?k=4d6824ab945336d2fdb2dff25395b71f8c232d8f00c55c0cf12bc56363189e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131097347.jpg?k=b264c140b9c83e3d9adbd5fff67adb414d5144730f38ad6fbc25f9884c0587a9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Oasis 250 m"\n  - "Triumf 2 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 200 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 18 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zana"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The apartment is very welcoming and location is excellent. It features an adequately stocked kitchen, cosy bedrooms, spacious bathrooms, and a patio shaded by pine trees that was a great spot to unwind and recharge. The grocery store,...”"\n  - name: "Irina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartment is welcoming, close to the beach and main restaurants, we will recommend to all our friends!”"\n  - name: "Anatoly"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“We cooked it ourselves. In addition, the owners put a gas grill. We always cooked fresh fish and meat! It is a 4-minute walk to the beach. The beach is magnificent. Sand and an endless strip for walking along the shore. And when you return to your...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gjiri-lalzit-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a spacious layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with modern appliances such as an oven and toaster. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. The highlight, however, is the apartment's terrace, offering breathtaking garden views and an outdoor dining area where guests can savor the ambiance of the coastal surroundings in privacy and comfort.

The property prides itself on being a non-smoking haven, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. With the added perks of air conditioning, free WiFi, and private parking, Gjiri Lalzit Apartment ensures a hassle-free stay. Its proximity to notable landmarks, including the former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, further enhances its appeal to those keen on delving into Albania's rich history.

For those arriving by air, the convenience of being just 29 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Gjiri Lalzit Apartment an ideal choice for international travelers. Whether it's soaking up the sun on the nearby beaches, exploring historical sites, or simply enjoying the tranquility of the apartment's setting, guests are guaranteed a memorable stay at this coastal sanctuary.