---\ntitle: "gled studioflat"\ndescription: "Gled Studioflat emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769095.jpg?k=6b905a20592698d0f8153b46878e7092c0be54ba593911b7b399209835997736&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gled-studioflat\naddress: "Rruga Frosina Plaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32754186\n  lng: 19.80173765\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769095.jpg?k=6b905a20592698d0f8153b46878e7092c0be54ba593911b7b399209835997736&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769643.jpg?k=ae962f39e317eed5e238dd0f983fbb2afefef735fe400a070560cd9bc6c3f7f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769651.jpg?k=fb39ba87e8c887f99726461a7092b4755540d7d7489aba13f078c66dca6a15d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513770708.jpg?k=84c1fe8f180287f8b03c89e35ba1ad6e05a342074f955d3dbf6e0e7c8ee8fcb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513770787.jpg?k=e7dcbedd859c4206122abe660cef8dc86afa50065261fb999a3023b8e873e326&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513770707.jpg?k=c6397256180e7a7ff53c917b3db87a41a5e56ba1f118d6f69f3ec826dd424eb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769308.jpg?k=ec263cba55a1c1612dd8697effd52bc442695a0873ee77efee18f91aae60fca2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513769649.jpg?k=bb0463d5fcabbd9bb6e653636275644c9d0c2808338d68c9056503da0a675198&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513770790.jpg?k=57180a74211cc306fa66008a5169f26f8b3dd5e779b6d434a6ad3d2a4f472aee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "7slurps 50 m"\n  - "Sophie 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leona"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“it is in a perfect location (10 mins by walk from city centre). The place was also well cleaned and the host was quick to respond to any questions we had.”"\n  - name: "Erblin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Our stay in this apartment was fantastic! The cleanliness and ample space made it a comfortable retreat, and the location was perfect. Every detail felt fresh and new, enhancing our overall experience. Highly recommend for a great stay in Tirana.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gled-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, and a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, setting the stage for a memorable stay. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV and a dining area, complemented by a fully equipped kitchen that allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. For a sweet touch, chocolates or cookies await guests, adding a personal touch to the welcoming atmosphere.

Convenience is at the forefront, with private parking on-site and complimentary WiFi ensuring a hassle-free experience. The non-smoking property is also a mere 7.3 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, inviting guests to explore the natural beauty surrounding Tirana.

For those looking to explore local cuisine, a variety of dining options are within easy reach, and a minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always at hand. Notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania are nearby, making Gled Studioflat an ideal base for cultural exploration. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, this apartment stands out as a convenient and comfortable choice for both short and long-term stays in Albania's bustling capital.