---\ntitle: "Gloria Palace Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Gloria Palace Hotel & SPA stands as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and comfort in Golem, just a short stroll from the serene Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435075933.jpg?k=d435b9e3864723d875fb38e37b396002b2d074c47314a748b28330d836a404a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gloria-palace-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga e Fshatrave Turistike Rruga e fshatrave Turistike Qerret, Kavaje, 2500 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.231168\n  lng: 19.520036\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 138\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435075933.jpg?k=d435b9e3864723d875fb38e37b396002b2d074c47314a748b28330d836a404a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435075902.jpg?k=6049d7dc6d57e44da43c667b0d2eca4b8cea9c2cc9d730af43e1a1d5535dfd33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223317567.jpg?k=931e5d17771e39ae9d6bf7fc43042dd1104de95cce1c6bae5cb194151bb0c4b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223997975.jpg?k=c387c8a811a0a5685d3d6bae5958fd69c7c45ca88c28a24476346f4e4807c09f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434387217.jpg?k=2e10bb7cab00b67048c7f5a3bd280636802f9d496735168fc137c7abe5a800fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435075557.jpg?k=a48f6d9a4ae1a0c67f2f0e027d03f465d4f34d894aa870a9e8398d38832f9121&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442308385.jpg?k=2acd29206107be47f8c200577ace3fb7425532b274408b02bda1773a93ec42e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271583967.jpg?k=b18d82a29254e086f64bf73addfd2c3fa86353c3c99476e75e6aea2449134697&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271583995.jpg?k=9c99bd7dcfe7bb70dc84d017d50d3d864307593d6d18701160d997813af1ed06&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "King Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Side Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 300 m"\n  - "Fishinn 2 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 500 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 600 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olorunosebi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The Staff were very friendly met Albana and Alfi sorry if I did not spell it correctly and the food is great. the hotel is clean and beautiful. The staff helped me to take my pictures being that I was a lone and they were beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Vlera"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The hotel is exceptionally well-maintained, featuring a superbly clean and enjoyable spa. The rooms offer fantastic views and are beautifully appointed. The reception staff are highly attentive and easily accessible for assistance. But when...”"\n  - name: "Dézsi"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Large spacious room, beautiful view, 2 terraces, cleanliness, comfort, good breakfast, nice staff and waiters .a bit far from the center”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gloria-palace-qerret.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is a breeze with the hotel's complimentary WiFi, and the convenience of room service, alongside a 24-hour front desk, ensures every need is met around the clock. For those looking to unwind, the hotel's sauna and the availability of an ATM add an extra layer of comfort to the guest experience.

Accommodations at Gloria Palace Hotel & SPA are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, kettle, minibar, and safety deposit box for personal security. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private balcony. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with a bidet, along with ample wardrobe space, make for a home away from home.

Guests have the option to start their day with a choice of breakfasts – be it à la carte, continental, or the hearty Full English/Irish – all available on-site. The hotel's spa center is a sanctuary for those seeking a peaceful retreat.

Located conveniently close to Qerret Beach and Golem Beach, and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 42 km away, Gloria Palace Hotel & SPA is ideally positioned for both leisure and exploration. This hotel not only promises a memorable stay but also delivers an experience that is as enriching as it is comfortable.