---\ntitle: "Godija Hotel & Suites"\ndescription: "Godija Hotel & Suites emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the vibrant Velipoje Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522068416.jpg?k=6183a3788af4df69aa95054358ef3d4f5e17d2b0a452321641e40d5ae9e721e1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: godija-hotel-suites\naddress: "Rruga e Peshkatareve, 4000 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86314327\n  lng: 19.42837715\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522068416.jpg?k=6183a3788af4df69aa95054358ef3d4f5e17d2b0a452321641e40d5ae9e721e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76299537.jpg?k=6d8b3c52675ab443b7b6c78da61b2af489d8a7eab60dc15c8c57b2dd0cd37ad8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76299936.jpg?k=962d024beb0996164b1f66cbf36d3c87577d63a23921fd5b5cebd831f4249501&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69762687.jpg?k=aea5cb7edc557d26644ab1857c7e256dc80304cc5e23bef0f15eae6f0efca0d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376796854.jpg?k=68bc4a9ce4bf52a6d00a21d7a8e5495a6634060246c2f6205ed4e82cdaca549d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376796913.jpg?k=c390bedc14c38f8b9d31ed217d2bd94d1cff96eeb3fecf46708f14db16c8d218&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76300393.jpg?k=1d3bb4d75f4e57886b8eaa38d8892848167b7e48e91fc8cb0aa5bf88cc009902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376794472.jpg?k=e49dd28733212346046cd0231f26e4e7ae1ca28f9d2b8739e1abed467d79ab57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522068557.jpg?k=bb9fc4f8287a7802d24ccb801176415ed3253de31bde3abf812346395dc80e16&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arishta 40 m"\n  - "Internet Cafe 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 150 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 5 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 12 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maja"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Little gem in Velipoja. Hotel in middle of lush greenery, palm trees and flowers. Very nice swimming poll (big and clean). Good breakfast. Spacious room, good mattresses. Many organized spots for seating and taking photos. Private shaded parking....”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly and professional staff.
Excellent location.
Very tasty food, including breakfast.
Perfect pool area with a fantastic atmosphere.”"\n  - name: "Esmeralda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay at Godija Hotel & Suites Our apartment was very spacious, clean and well furnished. The girl that manages the hotel is very approachable and goes out of her way to be helpful. The waiting staff were very friendly and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/godija-amp-suites.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Godija Hotel & Suites are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, and select rooms feature a cozy seating area, providing a perfect nook to unwind after an eventful day. The assurance of privacy and convenience comes with every room, thanks to the en-suite bathrooms equipped with modern showers.

For those looking to explore, the hotel's proximity to local shops, bars, and nightclubs—mere steps away—promises an authentic taste of Velipoje's lively atmosphere. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the easy access to historical landmarks, with Rozafa Castle Shkodra and Ulcinj Old Town located within a manageable distance, offering a glimpse into the region's rich heritage.

Moreover, Godija Hotel & Suites facilitates exploration beyond its premises by offering car hire services, making it effortless for guests to venture out and discover the surrounding beauty. For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana Airport being only 120 km away ensures a smooth transition to this serene retreat.

In essence, Godija Hotel & Suites stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a perfect fusion of leisure and adventure for those visiting Velipoje.