---\ntitle: "Golden Hill Ksamil"\ndescription: "Golden Hill Ksamil emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the serene Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378063711.jpg?k=8e855b029368cae1a3e98ff41f0618f91cfd258386ac1c1c6e6dd71a5a97537f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golden-hill-ksamil\naddress: "Eqerem Çabej 39.7769422,20.0048969, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.777701\n  lng: 20.006991\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 184\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378063711.jpg?k=8e855b029368cae1a3e98ff41f0618f91cfd258386ac1c1c6e6dd71a5a97537f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378063982.jpg?k=84360f76283b2da4c50b0fc5e87e2e68804fbf8c224733a50a048d37b3b64533&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377097861.jpg?k=94aca3761609b18a76007fc46ffebb92c295fd52b8aeec7331875714c6850875&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379606519.jpg?k=a8e70ebab0f262300accf97be855886defff9be9268e7986f72871eaec29b889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383932940.jpg?k=bfed68b6bae6667352c3f780a4b332900355fabcd9946cc690ce903bddcaf537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383932827.jpg?k=2a56395d76c82d366cf72663f5f108271e12e762b592a4be2bf378cf6d48b3cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374673122.jpg?k=a1caeaf2277a2629b0a89ff4827589c8789e4f3c949216d0d7c4c5c755125864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382094383.jpg?k=b8a07b884ad8f8deca51712d1e7f0ab4f6b35286c232df1c0c0b400f7c4b5935&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379614458.jpg?k=aaf9ff9694ef51cdb06f6ba4e4872d6587c691e8b7ee404940030f6954578660&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 19 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bianco Bar 100 m"\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 150 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luxsena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean and the apartment was in an excellent location - very close to the beach and bars/restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Natasha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was exceptionally clean and modern. The room was spacious. The staff worked very hard and are friendly. They helped us book local taxis. The breakfast was great.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The owner was super lovely with us, always available and with a smile, we even crossed her in a restaurant and came to say hi. She waited for us when we arrived late in the night. The room had a good size and it was very clean.
The breakfast was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golden-hill-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Golden Hill Ksamil is thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful stay. Guests can expect to find a well-equipped desk, a private bathroom with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, and the added comfort of air conditioning. For entertainment and relaxation, a flat-screen TV is standard in every room, while select accommodations also feature a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. The convenience of an in-room fridge adds a touch of home, ensuring refreshments are always within reach.

The hotel's prime location places guests within a mere kilometer of both Coco Beach and Ksamil Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the local seaside attractions. For those venturing further, Corfu International Airport is located 94 km away, connecting travelers to and from this idyllic destination.

Golden Hill Ksamil stands out as a preferred choice for visitors to Ksamil, offering a blend of modern amenities and prime location, all wrapped up in a welcoming atmosphere that promises a memorable stay.