---\ntitle: "Golden City Hotel & Spa, Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of elegance and convenience at the Golden City Hotel & Spa in Tirana, a prime choice for travelers seeking both luxury and proximity to the city's vibrant heart."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82979994.jpg?k=558bec4c7081bf34c658ef50c309ca56f3524366e7a2e5b6f3c9eedbdca153d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golden-city-hotel-spa-tirana\naddress: "Rrruga Him Kolli No 45/4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32536647\n  lng: 19.81164873\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 495\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82979994.jpg?k=558bec4c7081bf34c658ef50c309ca56f3524366e7a2e5b6f3c9eedbdca153d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107883563.jpg?k=bc20f0019a48a701ac2d566ed9efb8bf7a32060be768d28b610fcd7d8b4cd070&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183141084.jpg?k=f6f22b77a69e0726c977462e3544fa21d2ae0ca3af132b59af79d697c08b6e7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271662801.jpg?k=3ea0767c7cf9ec254b35524b43a87f58bb695daf36d6b7f3da4c3ac0b382fb39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292252793.jpg?k=30fe90a7ec6b64984d9d96df934c0ca397ca6215d838780272d2f39eb7f899a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12491926.jpg?k=ccdcbec21f0b9dd660e301abb1503c32c393c580b097c51c8bde5e5650022589&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Single Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Spa Access"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Seni 20 m"\n  - "Art Lounge 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yuh-en"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“When I arrived at the hotel, I had no idea where to visit in the city, thanks for the support from Venasa, she helped me planning the trip, provide me the information about the city.”"\n  - name: "Dale"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel staff were outstanding. They went the extra mile. Especially Vanesa who helped me book a taxi. She even checked if I could pay with card, as cash is still widely used in Albania. Her warm welcome, with a beaming smile from behind the...”"\n  - name: "Chrisy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Centrally Located, cleanliness, reception staff were AMAZING - very obliging assisted with suitcase issue and provided additional information as required - lovely breakfast and pleasant area to sit and have a drink at night”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golden-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guest room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV offering a wide range of cable channels, and a well-stocked minibar. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where guests can enjoy the use of complimentary toiletries alongside refreshing showers. Mornings at the Golden City begin with a delightful breakfast served in the elegant hotel dining room, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation.

The hotel's location is unbeatable for those eager to experience Tirana's rich cultural tapestry and lively social scene. A brief stroll leads to an array of dining options, ensuring that culinary adventures are always within easy reach. Meanwhile, the renowned Blloku neighborhood, known for its dynamic nightlife and cultural offerings, is just 1 km away, promising unforgettable evenings out.

For business travelers, the convenience of being within walking distance to major business centers, government offices, and embassies cannot be overstated. Leisure guests will also appreciate the easy access to the city's entertainment areas, making it simple to immerse oneself in the local lifestyle.

Transportation is a breeze, with the Railway Station and the Main Bus Station located just 1 km and 900 meters away, respectively. For those arriving by air, Tirana Airport is a short 10 km drive, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

Golden City Hotel & Spa is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, offering guests a perfect blend of luxury, location, and convenience.