---\ntitle: "Golden View Residence"\ndescription: "Golden View Residence, a distinguished 4-star hotel in Dhërmi, stands out for its exceptional amenities, including a seasonal outdoor swimming pool and meticulously maintained garden."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74981708.jpg?k=74f7b5ac65b33d4e69c70d16e1588358b6f0ef5cc07f41e8372a4865510cb489&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golden-view-residence\naddress: "Dhermi, 9422 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.14253827\n  lng: 19.65381682\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 560\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74981708.jpg?k=74f7b5ac65b33d4e69c70d16e1588358b6f0ef5cc07f41e8372a4865510cb489&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147817052.jpg?k=6f0740056ed6ee5d42d975239d2936bdcd0303b0eb47b9cf0a861db324974a59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303349298.jpg?k=c06807499da7bd87b622a96054437415833f576875e39ea65412769a75427c53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370678304.jpg?k=1ca55302d413622bc80a2d96ae0e09269972dced3283779bef415d3551894275&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147817223.jpg?k=8b73db15f26d09b5d8bdfa423551c53a899559c94b2e80b37967b382433a1e55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370677802.jpg?k=98a31cc4cca2836fc9111a1cd4a81b1db9308c3aaa6a4ba351045707fb12c206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303349186.jpg?k=70f93f9199170c33bc6a1b5ac535bfdfdf479aecfcd0e2deb21d773e3293175c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147817925.jpg?k=a9f02820b5f2ece72343a04b4ad23b77112e1f6e3db067b89293210f3154c5f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307241879.jpg?k=2903f6efa01731ead322a1969683fa60691a0c3be97d07cbbe867cad70c21b2f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Azul - by Havana 950 m"\n  - "Artur 1.2 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Dhermi Beach 850 m"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 2.8 km"\n  - "Palasa Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Folie Marine Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 63 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mustafaraj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Spacious, clean and comfortable room with a stunning view of the Ionian sea and mountains as soon as you out the door. A relaxing pool with the perfect setting. All the necessary drinks and a great breakfast with whatever you would want and need....”"\n  - name: "Brendan"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Amazing views over the ocean, beautiful clean pool, amazingly helpful staff. Great breakfast included.”"\n  - name: "Ruth"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful view and pool - a piece of paradise! You need a car to get to Dhermi but it’s only a 10min drive”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golden-view-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Golden View Residence are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room opens up to a terrace that offers breathtaking views of the sea, setting the stage for a serene retreat. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a private bathroom, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer in every room. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also feature a balcony. Work and leisure can blend seamlessly with the inclusion of a desk in all units.

Mornings at the hotel are greeted with a continental breakfast, a perfect start to the day. The presence of a hot tub and the availability of room service add a layer of indulgence to the guest experience.

For the adventurous at heart, Golden View Residence is ideally located. The hotel serves as a gateway to a variety of outdoor activities, including cycling and hiking, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surroundings.

Situated within accessible distances from Sarandë (67 km) and Vlorë (58 km), the hotel offers a perfect base for exploring the wider region. Golden View Residence emerges not just as a place to stay, but as a destination that enriches the travel experience, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.