---\ntitle: "Gold House Durres"\ndescription: "Gold House Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505848153.jpg?k=df7d495fad20dcb2c5bf02b1bf7f3dadf94efafb7535795c2985d391500c03c2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gold-house-durres\naddress: "Rruga Aleksander Goga, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31688846\n  lng: 19.44529266\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505848153.jpg?k=df7d495fad20dcb2c5bf02b1bf7f3dadf94efafb7535795c2985d391500c03c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505849230.jpg?k=7b5e188b80e7cbb8e76d3075511a1655a45717971af5b71ec42317b92dc3e343&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505848532.jpg?k=e53c55800582d804994a01b67ee65be872538f11dc94d49ef421f0f61d1c9220&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505837756.jpg?k=0f7bf09c105d3d3d3bf2b004a939b734b7280e34678ae135d7dd2d7942188183&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505847896.jpg?k=f00624ed12ffb504b30f9f83e347c8a38cc234d6ec2acaba92d8e7bc11f38562&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505848937.jpg?k=e8e1044835266363016bab771e465b403cf310dbbd90706a176650a456545726&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505847215.jpg?k=9775df3ffdcc712d6d788e9790a76e66176e2a6185a3d4021dad60f1c9bb8408&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505848428.jpg?k=860ae64df786e7b4fbae9ef3aa95fe068f0302ebff260f100e830d236dfdb0f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505929717.jpg?k=d8123fe0cb7431c0b3bafde287c5f48784ff9117270d88e844440de20bd582f4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzemporio 40 m"\n  - "Milano 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 800 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 300 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 450 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 500 m"\n  - "1. Maj 600 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matteo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Locale splendido, ottimo per chi viaggia in coppia o con amici.
Andi, l’host è una persona fantastica, gentilissimo e molto disponibile, ha soddisfatto ogni nostra richiesta.
L’appartamento risulta ristrutturato di recente, bellissimo, con giochi...”"\n  - name: "Ilda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Kalova nje dit rrelaksi buz detit be durres . Apartament perfekt per familje ne qender te durrsit, shtepija shum e paster dhe shum komode . Arredim spektakolar , kuzhina e re dhe nuk mungon asgje per gatim, banjo perfekte dhe shum e paster , dhoma...”"\n  - name: "Asier"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Un sitio genial, muy céntrico, y todo muy limpio nuevo y agradable, sin duda, merece la pena, el dueño Arnando, super encantador”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gold-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge and stovetop, ensures that guests have everything they need to feel at home. The living area, anchored by a flat-screen TV and comfortable seating, invites guests to unwind after a day of exploration. The convenience of a private bathroom, featuring a bidet, adds to the apartment's appeal, while the balcony offers a unique outdoor dining experience, overlooking the tranquil garden views.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the property's garden provides a peaceful haven for relaxation. The strategic location also places guests within easy reach of the Rock of Kavaje, adding another layer of exploration for the adventurous at heart. Furthermore, the historical significance of the area is underscored by its proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, offering a glimpse into the country's past.

Accessibility is another highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 33 kilometers away, making Gold House Durres a convenient option for international travelers. With its blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and serene surroundings, Gold House Durres stands out as a top accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës.