---\ntitle: "Golden Villa-Ksamil"\ndescription: "Golden Villa-Ksamil emerges as a serene retreat, offering a picturesque lake view and the convenience of being just a short stroll from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364083624.jpg?k=8391bac194bf48b17c089b3266f8c5bfe3027d009595dc45883cbb33b402d575&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golden-villa-ksamil\naddress: "Road '' Baba Sherifi '' Ksamil 5, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7696654\n  lng: 20.00687817\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 67\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364083624.jpg?k=8391bac194bf48b17c089b3266f8c5bfe3027d009595dc45883cbb33b402d575&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441150865.jpg?k=64f2f00e207b0339d2cc6474eb45e930317f42d79bfc7711f196253cf4e4f4da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266285562.jpg?k=f1a6dd111d91c78e9931e05dfd6546f37ce1f47de68ce90d16381492f5f7a0f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362896907.jpg?k=80b378cd26620e3df6722940ab3a04c65c50a16332342bf76477b8e1fdccc8ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199949187.jpg?k=7a392b0da19a15a55137b191278f3a5674bbb83c6dfbd37baca1dbf0ddc2f599&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441151008.jpg?k=4ff81fd84091a2d62923af7d92c27b6fb14ca739344072c8610edf53c17125eb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Kancelari Mondi 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice villa and apartment. The owners keep it clean and neat.”"\n  - name: "Robin"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Nice view from the roof and balcony. Calm and clean with a nice garden.”"\n  - name: "Katrina"\n    country: "Belarus"\n    text: "“Very nice hosts, clean and cozy room. Close to the center of the city, but quiet at night. From one side you can see the lake and from the other one is a sea.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/geri-apartment-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment within Golden Villa-Ksamil is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning to beat the summer heat, alongside complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring a seamless stay. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed, featuring a terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views, a cozy seating area for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a fridge for culinary adventures. The private bathrooms add a touch of luxury with their elegant baths, while the balcony extends an invitation to dine al fresco amidst garden views. For added convenience, each unit is furnished with a wardrobe and a coffee machine, catering to all the comforts of home.

The property doesn't shy away from outdoor pleasures, offering barbecue facilities perfect for enjoying the warm weather. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring peace of mind for those traveling with little ones. Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find delight in the nearby cycling opportunities, or simply unwinding in the lush garden.

Located less than 1 km from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach and a mere 11-minute walk from the scenic Ksamil Beach 9, Golden Villa-Ksamil promises an idyllic base for exploring the natural beauty of the area. For those arriving from afar, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making it a convenient choice for international travelers seeking a tranquil escape in Ksamil.