---\ntitle: "Gold Hotel"\ndescription: "Gold Hotel, situated 43 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfortable 3-star accommodations in Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151581193.jpg?k=5a02b4c15e0e06dbcf460ed78c9776af7d86d1c6cb41ff4d907918ea8f2451c7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gold-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Kico Golniku, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.624966\n  lng: 20.779626\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151581193.jpg?k=5a02b4c15e0e06dbcf460ed78c9776af7d86d1c6cb41ff4d907918ea8f2451c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96372371.jpg?k=6e0b4e86915939efa449b64ccce445b0fd77f690e02fdc368488286941940550&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96361699.jpg?k=edefe70fc070bc3cea03eba551e2fdb0fcde3f5feb434b01d46dc748ba4b1aee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96282394.jpg?k=b7e15c0608f9afaeef83c7c9fc065c1a98f746ef2ea626ffbebe8cb8171bf97b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96281333.jpg?k=c576273bee4ed1701a807bf110ad4bc367520ae0169c11ca13af4c353ac9ccce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96361361.jpg?k=5883c5a48e638f39f9f541623c11a6515e1c3818620e098f3b5673bba0ca3716&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room (1 adult + 1 child)"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Klajdi 200 m"\n  - "Gjiro Ana-Maria 2 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 750 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jesmina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff were very friendly and thoughtful. The room was clean and well equipped.”"\n  - name: "Mjjj"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The hotel is situated in e quait part of the town very closed to the center. The room is so clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Bell"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Great location, easy check in, friendly staff, clean, very affordable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gold-korce1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Gold Hotel is a haven of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning for those warm summer days, and a cozy seating area ideal for sinking into with a good book. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV offering a wide range of satellite channels. For valuables, a safety deposit box is provided, ensuring peace of mind throughout your stay. The private bathrooms are modern and well-appointed, complete with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring guests feel pampered and refreshed. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, making it easy to keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

For those looking to explore the spiritual side of Korçë, the Monastery Saint Naum is also 43 km away, making Gold Hotel an ideal base for spiritual and cultural exploration. Travelers will appreciate the proximity to Kastoria National Airport, just 70 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Gold Hotel goes above and beyond when it comes to guest services. The 24-hour front desk ensures that assistance is always available, no matter the hour. Room service caters to those moments of relaxation in the comfort of your room, while the option of currency exchange on-site adds an extra layer of convenience for international guests.

In summary, Gold Hotel in Korçë is a standout choice for travelers who value comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their stay. Whether you're in town to explore the natural beauty of Ohrid Lake Springs, delve into the spiritual heritage at Monastery Saint Naum, or simply seeking a peaceful retreat, Gold Hotel promises an experience that is both memorable and satisfying.