---\ntitle: "GOLD APARTMENTS"\ndescription: "GOLD APARTMENTS emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500412700.jpg?k=194e8b919a7cfb221db318aa55afe7e8fb31141ebe6f3e6e0bc64dd9bc333b61&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: gold-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2931965\n  lng: 19.5072247\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500412700.jpg?k=194e8b919a7cfb221db318aa55afe7e8fb31141ebe6f3e6e0bc64dd9bc333b61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/302523665.jpg?k=0a68127d1d77a0ba5b1545ed0949495e7964b76af566429343d2fe371d61ea18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/320774085.jpg?k=09ef93987a73cade89587d0afc67c5cbb50042986c7a1f8429dd00a5d28b93d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/500412763.jpg?k=b0684400d24f8715fd41e3a645d2acab8e6a3bf99c242e3faaa0812a354cd22f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/500413631.jpg?k=ac878136bca00959ec7428cd1329e9c766f59938b7bd42b00b2b7bdb5f09ef19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/500413733.jpg?k=5bdbca3c9057eef82d09d9bf912e06413bb0b041c5d5b538ccd5bcd983f841ce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 40 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 850 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gold-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spaciousness and modern amenities. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort within the two-bedroom setup, complemented by a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for those leisurely evenings in. The inclusion of an equipped kitchen adds a touch of home, allowing visitors the freedom to craft their meals as they see fit, while the convenience of a bathroom with a bath ensures relaxation is never far away.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the on-site bar serves as a perfect spot to unwind after a day of exploring the local area. Speaking of exploration, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, along with Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, positions it as an ideal base for those keen to delve into the rich tapestry of the region.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 35 km away, ensuring that the journey to and from GOLD APARTMENTS is as smooth as the stay itself. With the added perks of free WiFi and private parking, guests are assured of both connectivity and convenience throughout their visit.

In summary, GOLD APARTMENTS stands out as a stellar accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities that cater to the needs of modern travelers.