---\ntitle: "Golem Getaway Apartment"\ndescription: "Golem Getaway Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Golem, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Qerret Beach and a short stroll from the tranquil Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465600869.jpg?k=a6d982fbbda759ff1c3ac673cd58b77a308c47499f7d5c9dd874b2180246b099&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golem-getaway-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Golem, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23273393\n  lng: 19.52062683\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465600869.jpg?k=a6d982fbbda759ff1c3ac673cd58b77a308c47499f7d5c9dd874b2180246b099&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467750523.jpg?k=60a69c1d274b9bd2a3b69c1a69f4c7c02331abfd5213f8d9fd52e24a28d377fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467750260.jpg?k=445a261642fcb1994b9fc5e1b659b49e2c6c9361a57e365c9ab88bfd6bcdb29c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467750194.jpg?k=41dacc529add5df0f551643be2da2d231825b0fd47fa198faf52613ac26493d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467749830.jpg?k=34bd0ed648406230812f6312cc7da4b6c61d17a217423c233749c6e818fd5baf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466165824.jpg?k=d7c5184c4809524259f0508a78a6efa087e8d27b0433029f87cd66b7c3776dd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466165075.jpg?k=b0cbf741819fc978d1261b632ad8df78207e1f53f68f1f8b4608b5bffcb4fc81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466165209.jpg?k=2ba4c47984ed8fdbc335306350e677222d91a68cf26c39b9b884a60b8f71f90c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466165348.jpg?k=f296dbbc03f382a5ae75638940362d56309444e346d05aab7fc263690f815563&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 300 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 500 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 700 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cvetkovski"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was as in the booking description. Away from the crowds, yet close to everything. Beach nearby, promenade nearby, market nearby. Great as a family. Quiet neighborhood, no loud music until late. The girl who accommodated us and with whom...”"\n  - name: "Halina"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“New apartment with comfortable furniture, 450 meters to the beach, friendly hostess. There is everything for a comfortable stay, air conditioning, dishes, towels. We recommend, we will definitely come again”"\n  - name: "Remzi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The staff was very friendly.
The Queen Bed was great, I had the best saggy on holiday there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golem-getaway-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and privacy, boasting two generously sized bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essential linens and towels, and a living space adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, while the balcony offers a serene garden view, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to guest privacy.

For those looking to explore beyond the local beaches, Golem Getaway Apartment is conveniently positioned 48 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and just 6.3 km from the intriguing Rock of Kavaje. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the nearest airport, is located 42 km away, making the apartment an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure on Albania's picturesque coast.