---\ntitle: "Golem"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Golem, a prime destination for beach lovers and those seeking a serene getaway."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495677696.jpg?k=1ab90a512a6647d3459b4f06b3e266441aac0e76e2a730aec855e6ce985cb7aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golem\naddress: "Rruga Kristal, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25002977\n  lng: 19.52337645\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495677696.jpg?k=1ab90a512a6647d3459b4f06b3e266441aac0e76e2a730aec855e6ce985cb7aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495677732.jpg?k=bc26aa06a06359c74fc5443e95d6177954cfd360c02dd116d0c963a058a7980d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495677735.jpg?k=7ec18416e6ecd2a89f1404efdd6a8d84596cd31614567e652b15d3641f44d403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495677740.jpg?k=1d6fee43f8fc695c08f70e5fa0a8c16bbda6854c8d0e70919a9de59d2ca4c216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495677742.jpg?k=06c4db840adec7dafe920e05f45e5fe6e6c8536bdae1b9f1c98bbd858c8b92be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla 250 m"\n  - "Pizza Valledoria 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golem-golem2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility and comfort, featuring two cozy bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their meals, and a bathroom designed with modern amenities. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures that entertainment is never far away, while the garden views from the property add a touch of nature's beauty to the stay.

For guests arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary on-site parking is a notable perk, alongside the free WiFi that keeps everyone connected, whether for leisure or work. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, the apartment ensures a clean and healthy atmosphere for all its guests.

Located just a short drive from the intriguing Rock of Kavaje and the bustling Skanderbeg Square, the apartment serves as a perfect launchpad for exploring the local attractions. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 41 km away, access to and from this charming retreat is hassle-free.

For those in search of a blend of beachside bliss and the comfort of home, this Golem apartment emerges as an impeccable choice, promising an unforgettable stay in one of the most picturesque settings.