---\ntitle: "Golemi Apartament"\ndescription: "Golemi Apartament emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478008764.jpg?k=23d5e81b3f6f4a80db7f06d33d3f84e9dcccefa1b44d1cf35445be90c2bf135b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golemi-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Golem, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24784514\n  lng: 19.52699773\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478008764.jpg?k=23d5e81b3f6f4a80db7f06d33d3f84e9dcccefa1b44d1cf35445be90c2bf135b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010541.jpg?k=a535ed5815b9c683da34f671fd577f6fdb4635812ab3473b1aa728ff8baffac9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010546.jpg?k=8cdefc62bae94efdccec7c5dcb00dac697cc80806c14c1963c7c3f25253b6e59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010556.jpg?k=438487f7869dd8f1c4ed6f09bfc8aaaf1884c0870dcfdcb84d738af4544f3039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010563.jpg?k=8a3842d8825e2b8a3d8a7b61beac03c3bc2ae9cea3bf55668161ba896a83452d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010568.jpg?k=a3412859b0daf51bd7af149426a955a4d6c0b12d672b321cdc9fd076c87b680d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/478010573.jpg?k=a05c8fb900029122674bf3bbd8bf42264587b038b3e70365a2a7b4e187756128&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Furrë Buke Drini 300 m"\n  - "Brutal by Flower 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 600 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 600 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golemi-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis spacious apartment is not just about its prime location; it offers guests a home away from home with its well-appointed amenities. Featuring two cozy bedrooms, a living room that invites relaxation with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge and stovetop, the apartment ensures a comfortable stay. The inclusion of two bathrooms equipped with a bidet and a shower, along with a washing machine, adds to the convenience, making it suitable for both short and extended stays. The air-conditioned space also boasts a terrace and mountain views, providing a tranquil setting for guests to unwind.

Privacy and comfort are paramount at Golemi Apartament, highlighted by the accommodation's private entrance. Situated just 800 meters from Golem Beach and a short drive from the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as a gateway to the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the area. For those looking to explore further, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within reach, located 46 km from the apartment.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 40 km away. The property thoughtfully offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience for guests. Golemi Apartament stands as a testament to the perfect balance of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it a must-visit destination for discerning travelers.