---\ntitle: "Golem Apartments"\ndescription: "Golem Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort, just a stone's throw away from the inviting sandy shores."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106809822.jpg?k=6569b28cbc486de3b227d2cf8922e8f9946abb5e9f5c9377e59dc2f886953d23&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: golem-apartments\naddress: "Mali Robit Mak, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23274547\n  lng: 19.51879241\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106809822.jpg?k=6569b28cbc486de3b227d2cf8922e8f9946abb5e9f5c9377e59dc2f886953d23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47523663.jpg?k=6eab7d2bae6d858b24d9cf2261e525eff708c162acd11d87315172d10f2be839&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71276908.jpg?k=026a669ec3ed3f91f61437d2b4d27cb9b59ea395a1d6c26ccdbbd16246cd9674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106809927.jpg?k=2c95ac2d9d9331ab363ca741da587f4c3db76c194793c42fbdb62469c1ba654d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71276903.jpg?k=84e68806eab4119b3dca456eb2aaa6fb9c6252be50b222e95089125a4dd435b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71276901.jpg?k=2468012c1714fdfd960a815b87243e3104faacdbb70c94b2c7016a2fa4534529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33661187.jpg?k=b0a3ee6b9cfc4b0e1142fb525f52c4e56e7eef6fd08d6fd28c5f17228c095481&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47523656.jpg?k=7280488bcd231fb2702f56b4974e3b75fedeee25c1170c6565aecc3cdb396796&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106809873.jpg?k=ebb21b5dca992a3793f83977f956b52088c5c5ccfeb323b316e51761a330b459&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 150 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wioleta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Close to the beach, long promenade to walk with restaurants, close to a bakery and a fruit service shop. A good starting point for trips.
The host is very nice and helpful at any time of the day. I recommend!”"\n  - name: "Lukiwind"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament bardzo zadbany. Dobrze wyposażony - zwłaszcza kuchnia. Bardzo blisko plaż - kilka minut pieszo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/golem-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Golem is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a balcony that offers a personal outdoor space. The inclusion of air conditioning and heating guarantees a pleasant environment, regardless of the season. The living spaces are modern and inviting, with an open-plan dining and lounge area equipped with satellite TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen doesn’t disappoint either, boasting an oven and stovetop for those who enjoy preparing their meals.

For those looking to relax without straying far, the shared swimming pool provides a serene oasis, while the bar serves as a cozy spot to enjoy a refreshing drink. Additionally, Golem Apartments facilitates bicycle and car rental services, making it effortless for guests to explore the surrounding area.

Situated 15 km from the vibrant Durrës city center, visitors have the opportunity to delve into local history at the Durrës Amphitheatre. The Port of Durrës, also 15 km away, offers a glimpse into the maritime life of the area. For those traveling by air, the convenience of being 40 km from Tirana International Airport adds to the appeal of Golem Apartments as a well-positioned base for both leisure and exploration.