---\ntitle: "Grande Veranda 2"\ndescription: "Grande Veranda 2 emerges as a recently renovated gem in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597947.jpg?k=f88f21b4c7e707b64ef89ec5f624bf164f101d96fd8c8aff468b8658e46e04a1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grande-veranda-2\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj Selvia, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33343073\n  lng: 19.82351693\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597947.jpg?k=f88f21b4c7e707b64ef89ec5f624bf164f101d96fd8c8aff468b8658e46e04a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399598365.jpg?k=63de9197b0c858a34f5a9dd0766dea71566e9a70ff6ba05d222e0f4ac414a510&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399598312.jpg?k=7e0a9d4f73d58449d2a2ea3d1b12d8c816a3af004bd299539d9ffb6a805aea03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597788.jpg?k=60d6905035ab7500d385c0e429f6eb259c46dd64f46b5f1431048f223dc9cc82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399598153.jpg?k=bc9662d0407bb20e17d5db52169a93a79ab5d3ce94e6079a5d85eda6fba8e68e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597918.jpg?k=8ae1e30f4b4837872ef81bf8c8a0d7f75e937bdb178c40955962537161c02ee9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597836.jpg?k=d7381872cde8e935896dd6299c782c0c911be50083c62dc0a707b0b06a46d790&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399597609.jpg?k=5f3ff8867dd08a7135fa06863cdff8469427ceb5fa1d546a766aaabea8854d9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399598006.jpg?k=dfeb65e9a7a65575afcb14602d994daf39ec469c0cb8c6d2514ff8f42a2a40c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ges Bar Tarrace 30 m"\n  - "Blua Fish 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ambra"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location bran New Apartment building, 2 bathrooms, the main bedroom had their own bathroom and their own balcony very beautiful. Veranda was just great one glass of wine beautiful. loved the Apartment. the host very helpful. with a privet...”"\n  - name: "Johnny"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“La ubicación es perfecta y es un apartamento muy espacioso. Tiene dos terrazas, las cuales aportan una luminosidad muy agradable. Repetiría 100%.”"\n  - name: "Franziska"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr zentral, genug Schlafplätze für alle, schöner großer Balkon, zwei Bäder, netter und hilfsbereiter Gastgeber, problemloser Check-in und Bezahlung”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grande-veranda-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, featuring two bedrooms, a living room, and a terrace that offers serene garden views. It is equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and two bathrooms with walk-in showers. Guests are welcomed into their private retreat with thoughtful touches such as fruits, chocolates, or cookies, enhancing the feeling of a home away from home. Moreover, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

For convenience, a minimarket is located within the apartment complex, adding to the ease of the stay. Families will appreciate the outdoor fireplace and the children's playground, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with children.

Grande Veranda 2 is also perfectly positioned for guests eager to explore Tirana’s cultural landmarks. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania are all within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for seamless transfers.

In summary, Grande Veranda 2 presents an inviting option for travelers looking for a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful touches, making it a standout choice for an unforgettable stay in Tirana.