---\ntitle: "Grand White City Hotel"\ndescription: "Grand White City Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the historic heart of Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143644760.jpg?k=de5b12204a5dca4449e682ded7f4c95dd1d6cdbf265d8c817381502e93cd8062&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-white-city-hotel\naddress: "Lagja kombinat, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.72076619\n  lng: 19.94318962\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 71\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143644760.jpg?k=de5b12204a5dca4449e682ded7f4c95dd1d6cdbf265d8c817381502e93cd8062&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105248067.jpg?k=ce9e50100f74bfe5b9fe3bb905e7bdab2148303b34aa8f4289a42f1b32f19842&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/45521458.jpg?k=55e6e50b1dd90074780cb3d2319eee14394bb8de4ea7f5daa2dffd494c7e99bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/44902214.jpg?k=3e5c6a3970ca26fa4c5d20720492e62b1807c5c65e0f4177883d960becc19a02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225335324.jpg?k=72fab5ca75d78896d99304b918d44905c5db8934bca142f92b165fb2c2471ebe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33977890.jpg?k=85db3ff32f781761f0cc711d389f91406213bc1836635e950119812d691e379d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Single Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Suite"\n  - "Economy Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Portokallet 450 m"\n  - "Fast Food Polovina 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 77 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florika"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was clean and quite inside. The breakfast was good with seasonal fruits. Loved the fresh croissants.”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean, comfortable, close to Berat. Good food, friendly and helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Max"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Large spacious room with super comfortable bed and amazing shower, ultra clean. Friendly staff especially the concierge, nothing too much trouble (even arranged for breakfast to be opened 30 minutes early to facilitate our early departure)!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-white-city-hotel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Grand White City Hotel are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a television, air conditioning, and satellite channels, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with entertainment. The convenience of an in-room refrigerator adds to the comfort of the guest experience.

The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, hairdryer, and bidet, catering to the needs of discerning guests. From their rooms, guests are treated to picturesque views of the mountains and the hotel's lush gardens, enhancing the sense of escape and tranquility.

The hotel prides itself on its comprehensive services, including a 24-hour front desk, meticulously maintained garden, and barbecue facilities for guests looking to unwind. The shared lounge, luggage storage service, and a kids' club are indicative of the hotel's commitment to providing a hospitable environment for all types of travelers.

Located 80 km from Tirana Airport, Grand White City Hotel also offers the convenience of complimentary parking, making it an accessible retreat for those arriving by car. This hotel stands out as a prime accommodation choice for visitors to Berat, offering a harmonious blend of historical charm and modern amenities.