---\ntitle: "Grand Hotel Europa"\ndescription: "Experience the epitome of luxury and service at the Grand Hotel Europa, a distinguished 5-star destination in the heart of Shkodra."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175124445.jpg?k=f0001d799e609d70ac8379d4379f8b88a1e71324759b10870ac6988cff6af50e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-hotel-europa\naddress: "2nd April Square, 4007 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06578397\n  lng: 19.51034814\nprice: "US$88"\npriceFrom: 88\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 133\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175124445.jpg?k=f0001d799e609d70ac8379d4379f8b88a1e71324759b10870ac6988cff6af50e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175122056.jpg?k=9a9387ef5cd97063d2289811790a2672466e6d7c1f096087cde1ffc9fb22747a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175122335.jpg?k=d31a8e6334789a6d80f18824761805023ba85c3e6d43b70fa989a44df9084623&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514947611.jpg?k=4f8d3b16cfe3ca2dbda07b22f526c6f4d8c932202c450d5f16a46568fd7af0fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175122532.jpg?k=bd16b1c6109dbf79f4cbf1db8681535d65828782918fa09148ee3d4c62686cce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/87939932.jpg?k=133d1021b190b25bae92eb04fccc51258e5480bbd22651b1a23172122accd684&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Shkreli 40 m"\n  - "B 7 Lounge 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.6 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irma"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Pretty much, everything at this hotel was as good as expected. The rooms were comfortable, and the breakfast buffet had some nice Albanian breakfast delicacies. The staff were friendly and warm. The location is fairly central, and Parking was...”"\n  - name: "Albi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Room was amaizing. Staff were very friendly, I enjoyed my vacation really much.”"\n  - name: "Ergi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect the hotel the rooms the service the food , the location in the center of city. Credits for that👏🏻”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-europa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room in the Grand Hotel Europa boasts air conditioning and is tastefully decorated in a classical style, ensuring comfort is both a priority and a guarantee. Guests can enjoy the modern convenience of a flat-screen TV with cable channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where guests can savor traditional Albanian dishes alongside international favorites, all prepared with the utmost care and quality ingredients.

Conveniently situated, the Grand Hotel Europa offers easy access to local amenities, with a market and bus stop right on its doorstep. For those interested in cultural excursions, the Shkodra Cathedral is a mere five-minute walk away, while the serene Shkodra Lake is just 1.3 km from the hotel, making it an ideal base for both relaxation and adventure in this vibrant city.