---\ntitle: "Grand Hotel Gjyshi"\ndescription: "Grand Hotel Gjyshi emerges as a serene oasis, located just a short drive from the bustling heart of Qerek, 13 km away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375553652.jpg?k=859511010c32027b9f9bd5e1e790925e98dd5829b2fafb47c9a2487bd91e133a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-hotel-gjyshi\naddress: "E762 Qereke, 1504 1504 e762, 1504 Qerek, Albania"\ncity: "Qerek"\nlocation: "Qerek"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.41244646\n  lng: 19.74401892\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 266\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375553652.jpg?k=859511010c32027b9f9bd5e1e790925e98dd5829b2fafb47c9a2487bd91e133a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375691713.jpg?k=7d6280901a194de34a0992332d66b0695cc86c9724734826fff9e03f18bfe536&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375569471.jpg?k=4a98dafd27629402083d9258c587890fe85bb950d3671f805c15d29a4f5a095a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375693739.jpg?k=c2e9911f11ee791eaac2bbf9f41141a0d823267b9d1a6682f96bdbf8ecdce337&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375798049.jpg?k=9663909ab96ee0817d3787021c0f118c12ae2fa04f615adb7fd8a98472349388&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375569460.jpg?k=bf93653366cb15ac254945f638e79b484bfca8c7f578907a7d6c924b3b9f51b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 11 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 11 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 11 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 11 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 12 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 12 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 12 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 12 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 12 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 13 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gerti 600 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Selmani 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 10 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 11 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 1.6 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sonia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“We arrived late night but the support was amazing. They left our key with a kind note at the reception.
The room was very large and with a Jacuzzi!”"\n  - name: "Ollie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Close to the airport, big rooms, friendly staff, booked me a taxi for 6am! overall very smooth experience! thank you so much”"\n  - name: "Jack"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“100% recommend to stay here. Sevi is the best host you could ask for. My girlfriend and I come to stay here before flying out from Tirana airport back to the UK. We had several flight delays and cancellations and Sevi was kind enough to let us...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-gjyshi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Grand Hotel Gjyshi are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of satellite channels. The commitment to guest security is evident with the inclusion of a safety deposit box in every room. The private bathrooms are well-appointed, featuring a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start or end to any day. Moreover, the provision of pristine bed linen and towels underscores the hotel's attention to detail and dedication to guest satisfaction.

For those eager to explore the surrounding area, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers breathtaking views and is located just 17 km from the hotel. Additionally, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is equally accessible, situated 13 km away. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 2 km from Grand Hotel Gjyshi, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a blend of tranquility and accessibility.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and unwavering commitment to guest comfort, Grand Hotel Gjyshi stands out as a premier choice for visitors to Qerek, promising an unforgettable stay marked by relaxation and convenience.