---\ntitle: "Grandpa House-Attic App 4"\ndescription: "Grandpa House-Attic App 4 emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195394.jpg?k=16bc444f859020c69247e52fc04d7f64638a071461de71718064264312185963&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grandpa-house-attic-app-4\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba 47-43, Tiranë, Albania, 8RM9+2FH Tirana, Albania, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3331981\n  lng: 19.8180457\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195394.jpg?k=16bc444f859020c69247e52fc04d7f64638a071461de71718064264312185963&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195443.jpg?k=20e104585e9941b5726e7dd41937e720e95c435d6e17a8d7b5643af9aa18e8cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195578.jpg?k=55dbcbdacd260ecc4ec63112e0fbbacb6991d1a2962ed9259b069d93cffb7e9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195325.jpg?k=093214529a4f8fefc6b5830b691c97c49a130af7856c92916794a0187a837589&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195448.jpg?k=dfafd5ca0b0d9126ae79fa01ff71cef4c20f4b683b8604db03ed7b852c29a8f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518195507.jpg?k=2d0ae280209139590916bc36715a97293713677e71eddc134209f7e2d9823447&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 40 m"\n  - "Wien Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grandpas-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA mere stone's throw away from the bustling city center, yet offering a tranquil garden setting, Grandpa House-Attic App 4 ensures guests enjoy the best of both worlds. Despite its proximity to the city's vibrant life, the property is situated comfortably away from the hustle and bustle, providing a peaceful haven after a day of exploration.

The apartment boasts air-conditioned units that come with a plethora of amenities designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each unit features a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a balcony to enjoy the serene views. For guests who prefer an open-air experience, select rooms offer the luxury of a terrace.

Connectivity is seamless at Grandpa House-Attic App 4, with complimentary WiFi available throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. 

The location of Grandpa House-Attic App 4 places guests in the vicinity of several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the House of Leaves, and the Toptani Shopping Centre are all within easy reach, offering a diverse mix of cultural, historical, and retail experiences.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the convenience of being just 13 km away makes Grandpa House-Attic App 4 a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in the city. Whether it's the allure of historical sites, the charm of local shopping, or simply the desire for a cozy, well-appointed base, this apartment promises an unforgettable stay in Tirana.