---\ntitle: "GRAND JNK Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "GRAND JNK Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Kukës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448156533.jpg?k=ee2656c31d0dd180162d572d527cfc9f46e813944957e4282f6a379212a6d488&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-jnk-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Kosova, 8501 Kukës, Albania"\ncity: "Kukës"\nlocation: "Kukës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.077724\n  lng: 20.421529\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448156533.jpg?k=ee2656c31d0dd180162d572d527cfc9f46e813944957e4282f6a379212a6d488&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454848911.jpg?k=e77ee6b9c75ec44dbb036efed3110685606db562babd373dafe66ffc872e4b0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454818935.jpg?k=cb9010fee621d87950f8ae1237ade6fee76e1a127785750ab9d4acb9e37a0d0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449317591.jpg?k=f1e9ff265d52581995d93be758fb3acbf87361125632f7bc7798c834a5cdcc4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526114378.jpg?k=34f28b0d38ddc0e3227f5dba31963eb7224e4824d0ee31037b1a6e9314f2b9d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525685944.jpg?k=6a6dc6bcfd88c17e920e2eb5f22862f3a9c8a30683e88a22dbfb955d219de468&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Old House Inn 100 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Adi\\"\" 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Partia Socialiste Kukes 400 m"\n  - "Brekija Perla Kuksiane 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Pristina International Airport 73 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 93 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irfan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Breakfast was good. I visited in off season so there was not much variety. But it was enough. Area is very good. All restaurants and bars and other amenities are on walking distance. Really enjoyed beautiful bedroom and the stylish bathroom.”"\n  - name: "Sedat"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“All check in and checkout was so fast and nice Room was clean and lightning was good enough Breakfast was little bit poor , but comfort and price are comparing breakfast enough”"\n  - name: "Vilma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Fantastic rooms and beds! Very quiet and very clean. Lovely breakfast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-jnk-boutique-kukes3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at GRAND JNK Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a restful and productive stay. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of convenience. For those desiring a little extra, selected rooms boast balconies where one can soak in the city's vibrant atmosphere from the privacy of their accommodation. Safety is also a priority, with each unit featuring a safety deposit box for personal belongings.

Located 109 km from Pristina International Airport, the hotel is relatively accessible for international travelers. Whether visiting for business or leisure, GRAND JNK Boutique Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a serene retreat amidst the bustling cityscape.