---\ntitle: "Grand Central Apartment LTH"\ndescription: "Grand Central Apartment LTH emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472813336.jpg?k=147ba58771867d282b3ae0227d9cbcbbf70d0dc0921c6949e68054a51e1d1cc8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-central-apartment-lth\naddress: "Liqeni Thatë, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30725331\n  lng: 19.81293905\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472813336.jpg?k=147ba58771867d282b3ae0227d9cbcbbf70d0dc0921c6949e68054a51e1d1cc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475286295.jpg?k=10ec2b30412a3ddf8045553032507fd25099696c86de12989004a9737d2bf63c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473714862.jpg?k=e8746cbfebcc81ebae26a1b8c8901f91418946424f69500b5924ba6267e2bb0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473714842.jpg?k=17ac639df5c34bc710b1c45ed4ebf994d5c800debe1db420d840d01a9c6a0558&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472813450.jpg?k=4cbcb3f7228fb3cd93b9d16ecdeea6fc296188ffd06b1743ec5baf334981b39a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473714841.jpg?k=be82af7c5762c8d94cdf6bdcc121d827ca0a56a07da54209ea79365a24648cab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479176172.jpg?k=f3cfa1d29bab3a08bf2f190d5fb79246f62f6b0a989598572b3307fd8e361aa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479176131.jpg?k=8689840a7c5ffa559241623f4ab431c7123a051a9ccc55d6b7c9685a0a74be0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472813432.jpg?k=a1aef2817372cd2c0401b3c0675589bda26e961d5b5613dfac51bf3f7e569e92&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Favola Snack & Bar 30 m"\n  - "Gambero Gourmet 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pylli Orbital 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shpend"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“i like the apartmend..good loking..clean,very satisfied”"\n  - name: "Jelle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very luxurious apartment, 3 bedrooms each with aircon. 2 bathrooms. Large balcony overlooking the lovely park and artificial lake. Washing machine and dishwasher available. Good kitchen, nice living. Gas bbq on the balcony.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The apartment is very spacious and has everything you need. The balcony is of special value! Location is great. Lidia was very responsive and nice!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-central-apartment-lth.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. With its spacious layout, the apartment boasts three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is scenic. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, adds a touch of home, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The convenience of two bathrooms, one featuring a luxurious hot tub, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. Moreover, the property is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat for all guests.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, the apartment offers a car rental service, adding an extra layer of convenience to the stay. Situated 44 km from the Rock of Kavaje and only 1.9 km from the serene Grand Park of Tirana, guests have easy access to both natural wonders and urban delights. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is located 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

With its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi, private parking, a lift, and a shared lounge, Grand Central Apartment LTH stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Tirana. Whether it's the allure of the city's landmarks or the call of its stunning natural landscapes, this apartment ensures a memorable stay for families, friends, and solo travelers alike.