---\ntitle: "Grand Veranda Apartment"\ndescription: "Grand Veranda Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of the city, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941139.jpg?k=6e511be985383bba7816f7ac1775c037578445a0aee36b6d5c3f1ed3a97e1341&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-veranda-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi Ap. 5; building 39; floor 1., 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33226948\n  lng: 19.81480771\nprice: "US$74"\npriceFrom: 74\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941139.jpg?k=6e511be985383bba7816f7ac1775c037578445a0aee36b6d5c3f1ed3a97e1341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941120.jpg?k=d3ca5e9ba5f7c5a48809b10d6405c02cba227ab3dc9813cb9f498b0bfea3e44c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941276.jpg?k=a941f1993de72c5bf9ce7593b70c8e6f4a21747dc5845300b7ff16aa37868d80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941116.jpg?k=1460edbb3ae33bc492e8bfd395426f6c07c2ee7976c91ff782c02207253ad57d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941252.jpg?k=92060800048991a824ef0a4049abbd591c814e9b0d402d97f3e182129637f07c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941080.jpg?k=05e998c11f1a75e7adc7b69f40c336227255a7721a0589b0c7eef295b21a2881&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941234.jpg?k=7726762468d238848ae3d4a070380422fa1a854f1ef793d69ef9e0d330f27ca3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941217.jpg?k=59f00d8653b7c9ce39beeee972ad9726dc9ff0caa55d4457f29c6a3985ee7e32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364941089.jpg?k=7444ee4033eff4cbf5e96caf785a13c504625b95685cd630ed3b7ea932de4c83&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Comfort 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Bravo 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "S"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location, cleanliness and the communication with the host was excellent. We were a group of 8people from London and booked this for 4 days.”"\n  - name: "Filipe"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The apartment is really good and perfect for a group of friends, I loved the stay, it’s only 5m away from the center, 5⭐️”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment with a beautiful veranda. It was super clean and check in easy. The location is awesome. It's right in the center, yet secluded. There is a store right around the corner. What a great place!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand-veranda-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring two generously sized bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen, towels, and the inclusion of a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment needs. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the terrace offers a picturesque garden view, perfect for unwinding.

For those concerned with comfort, the air-conditioned unit does not disappoint, offering a walk-in shower and a dressing room for convenience. Additionally, the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, catering to the health and well-being of all guests.

Convenience is further enhanced by the availability of a minimarket within the apartment complex, ensuring essentials are always within reach. For leisure, guests have the option to engage in a game of darts on-site, or explore the surrounding area on two wheels with bike hire services. Car hire is also available for those looking to venture further afield.

The apartment's location is ideal for culture enthusiasts and explorers alike, with proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves. For travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, making Grand Veranda Apartment an excellent choice for both short stays and extended vacations in the city.