---\ntitle: "Grand Hotel & Spa Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Grand Hotel & Spa Tirana, a prime destination for travelers seeking the vibrant heart of the city's nightlife and café culture."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12142148.jpg?k=58e96fa0a486a8c1487c38fe61f0063bf1d2a8488fe7844f2b703695b26a3a50&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: grand-hotel-spa-tirana\naddress: "Ismail Qemali Str, Building No 11, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32016745\n  lng: 19.81472254\nprice: "US$105"\npriceFrom: 105\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 158\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12142148.jpg?k=58e96fa0a486a8c1487c38fe61f0063bf1d2a8488fe7844f2b703695b26a3a50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130879812.jpg?k=a689d4bdb113ca5fd3c4f376709a18dd532d9a862e9f76c3b9fc326fc7e9af82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82446753.jpg?k=cfbe87e3639ec19a0935b7f6e781f5693c82bcce62ff7808658397ef6c2de873&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12286019.jpg?k=9a419c994083295b61ee270d7db3237d7f5c16ca914bfffbd21393ffcaa54c60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82446997.jpg?k=a377b2aaa817a4b73950d4bb599c388fde29950def8c67ff9e6f16cb86a491a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/27782067.jpg?k=608612cc143cc107699fca635e3d12e0943bbf162d6ada057fa8e6d966ac3b12&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Era 20 m"\n  - "Bar Çadra 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Samrai"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were amazing. The breakfast was good but the restaurant could use a coffee machine as the staff had to run down and get the coffee each time.”"\n  - name: "Driton"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The location is The ultimate. If you want to experience a real Original Tirana Hotel and vibe than this is it. The hotel oozes personality which is not valid for newer mass-chain hotels. The staff are super sweet, I felt safe at all times and...”"\n  - name: "Mats"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“I had a great stay at the hotel. The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The location was convenient, close to attractions and restaurants. It offered good value for the price, including one of the best breakfast I’ve had in the Balkans....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grand.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Nightlife Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Nightlife Proximity"\ncategory: "Nightlife Proximity"\n---\n\nThe Grand Hotel Tirana doesn't just offer a place to stay; it invites guests to experience culinary delight in its on-site à-la-carte restaurant, which specializes in international cuisine. For those looking to unwind with a view, the bar's terrace offers a front-row seat to the bustling main street below.

Comfort meets convenience in each air-conditioned room, equipped with a minibar, safe, and flat-screen TV. The commitment to guest satisfaction extends to complimentary Wi-Fi in both rooms and public areas, ensuring connectivity and convenience. Private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower and hairdryer, rounding out the amenities that make for a comfortable stay.

Mornings at the Grand Hotel Tirana begin with a breakfast that promises to energize guests for the day ahead. The 24-hour reception ensures that assistance is always at hand, whether for early risers or night owls.

The hotel's location in Blloku is not just about the nightlife; it's a green oasis dotted with parks and gardens, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. Historic sites and the town center are just a short stroll away, making it easy to explore Tirana's rich heritage.

For those venturing further, local buses conveniently stop just 20 meters from the hotel. The train station is accessible with a 15-minute walk, and for those flying in or out, Tirana Airport is 25 km away, with an airport shuttle available upon request.

Grand Hotel & Spa Tirana emerges as a top choice for travelers who value both the vibrancy of city life and the comforts of a well-appointed retreat.