---\ntitle: "Green Leaf Apartment near Tirana International Bus Terminal"\ndescription: "Green Leaf Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287544.jpg?k=cd566318ea0fb582ecff5cd133790cbc3597efed4b89cae897f77d9a0579f9cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-leaf-apartment-near-tirana-international-bus-terminal\naddress: "7 Rruga Muhamet Gjollesha E2, floor no2,, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33198251\n  lng: 19.80261248\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287544.jpg?k=cd566318ea0fb582ecff5cd133790cbc3597efed4b89cae897f77d9a0579f9cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500839604.jpg?k=e2f5e6a4d53856cecea0f271d657a52d1d3b64990a9372bbcd2fdf5793c22212&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287602.jpg?k=4b319e573a97d5f9ec69a8431adaed504a35b93a2d6689618e148d049ede0216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287622.jpg?k=0bb21207f8d844111c28ea60d2fbc75f1a55e75bea93d2d6d67e0d670ce24088&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287612.jpg?k=86c3e06f3a88e191490a283b32624a019d186fc78e5edc743bfdd446f52a0b7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500839759.jpg?k=fc50adc97a44eb43c6d52dfec6203c8673d6bc7152c5a1731a4c163e6684959c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287636.jpg?k=92a836ee10c1fc4e593d0df1c62c26bc7103e687f143d5c121649a0b078ab7a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500554070.jpg?k=797b55e59c996894d05109e546a586fc97341a58d8f177af80d65060b1ffd80f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500287646.jpg?k=201aa46dba4831bf1d0b2e40365bc6874a3817ead2b5b62007d7c16f5d0f87d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mamas Bistro 100 m"\n  - "Pizza Benvenuto 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giuseppe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa nuova e arredata nei minimi dettagli,completa di tutti i comfort, vicinissima a vari punti d'interesse e a dieci minuti scarsi da piazza scanderberg...”"\n  - name: "Marija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The stay was clean and neat, the owner was very friendly and he guide us through everything we needed. The town center was near and there was a shopping center near by”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-leaf-apartment-near-tirana-international-bus-terminal.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its spacious layout featuring a bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen comes stocked with modern appliances such as an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, ensuring guests can prepare meals with ease. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the stay.

Designed with the guest's comfort in mind, the apartment boasts soundproofing and a private entrance, ensuring a serene and undisturbed experience. The property prides itself on offering full-day security and an elevator, enhancing the safety and accessibility for all guests. The availability of free WiFi throughout the premises allows visitors to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana.

For those moments of relaxation, the apartment's garden offers a tranquil retreat. Its location is also a gateway to exploring Tirana's cultural landmarks, with the House of Leaves, Clock Tower Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque within close proximity. For international travelers, the convenience is further amplified by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 13 km away.

Green Leaf Apartment near Tirana International Bus Terminal is not just an accommodation; it's a gateway to exploring the heart of Tirana, offering comfort, convenience, and a touch of home.