---\ntitle: "Green Coast Resort & Residences 94"\ndescription: "Green Coast Resort & Residences 94 stands as a beacon of luxury just 200 meters from the pristine shores of Nazar Beach in Palasë, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522219257.jpg?k=5dbbd998ed1da98919282cf12cc8f1e216070780361f8ea25e4e8ae3d117ba74&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-coast-resort-residences-94\naddress: "Villa 94a GreenCoast Resort and Residence, 9425 Palasë, Albania"\ncity: "Palasë"\nlocation: "Palasë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.1688401\n  lng: 19.5867461\nprice: "US$258"\npriceFrom: 258\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522219257.jpg?k=5dbbd998ed1da98919282cf12cc8f1e216070780361f8ea25e4e8ae3d117ba74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485418476.jpg?k=689e6641404f2b7c4e7ad96db1c70fe30d67733cfa52729626b2ac89b7d8eeb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388993199.jpg?k=38f24a8b3c620e6e3a7089d2d039df886b0d6844c24c2311e50ab25d09eac35b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407132126.jpg?k=7b5bb3b9125b7924ea873fb65e88e1ce13e1fba957bfc4bd3a612f676d6fa155&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394230980.jpg?k=7123f4535b9bab614d2cb845ae967f5cda5e38f51df6ff596bdef3b283234867&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394228586.jpg?k=674b791971d7d8c2a5b037d230e5091b634b5fd3795feabb8a873131b64fb835&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388993020.jpg?k=62c4d10db22ff7b3b5045a80414857c2d9f8ba7bfb49c853d6d0dcdd9b729fcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485418547.jpg?k=50033ddf8022273e65f3b1a7990e58677dd5bd43dbab653d87252c6168fdf50a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394228440.jpg?k=6f38bf970b12f941102c543848483465251a8d1d651de45c447fc9e5697626e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fishop Coast 150 m"\n  - "Beachside Cafe 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nazar Beach 50 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 8 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 68 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Josh"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Really enjoyed staying at this villa. Everything was just as the pictures. The bed was extremely comfortable, the wifi was really good, most of all the swimming pool made the stay perfect.”"\n  - name: "Floriana"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The perfect villa for vacation! It was such a great place and I would love to come back again.”"\n  - name: "Xhuli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Best villa to have for your vacations. Host is very helpful and nice 😁”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-villa-with-swimming-pool.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe resort's villa, boasting a terrace that overlooks the sea, is a masterpiece of design and comfort. It features a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen outfitted with modern appliances including a dishwasher and an oven. The bathroom, complete with a walk-in shower, adds a touch of elegance to the overall experience. Air conditioning, a dressing room, and a fireplace further enhance the villa's appeal, making it a home away from home. For added convenience, guests are provided with bed linen, towels, and laundry service.

Dining at Green Coast Resort & Residences 94 is an experience in itself, with the family-friendly restaurant offering a diverse menu of American cuisine for dinner, lunch, and brunch. Whether opting for an à la carte meal or a continental breakfast, guests are sure to find dishes that tantalize their taste buds.

For those looking to stay active, the resort offers yoga and fitness classes, while the adventurous can explore the surrounding area through cycling, fishing, and hiking. Bicycle rental services are available for guests wishing to venture further afield.

Located a mere 1.7 km from Palasa Beach and 168 km from Ioannina Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available, Green Coast Resort & Residences 94 is not just a place to stay but a destination to experience. Whether seeking relaxation or adventure, this resort promises an unforgettable escape amidst the beauty of Palasë.