---\ntitle: "Green Oasis Holiday Home Vlore"\ndescription: "Green Oasis Holiday Home Vlore emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483294156.jpg?k=0fa00db3288aab09ba14022276de97777b6ce56d2a3398a0671a3947dc9efc02&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-oasis-holiday-home-vlore\naddress: "Rruga Zenel Murra Nd. 108/1 ; H. 1, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4569026\n  lng: 19.49867793\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483294156.jpg?k=0fa00db3288aab09ba14022276de97777b6ce56d2a3398a0671a3947dc9efc02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483294198.jpg?k=70dd269f67501c838e9f1f57d7c672d8d2bde52af7ecea3dfa37e4a503d3105c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483294240.jpg?k=8bc101dfcc15c57d6db17de453ed18a560af91a9b11a863eb6dc52c76b98d7b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485199671.jpg?k=ef5c8ddf3922e55058eae0d3dcada7e9a1357650e81840b545390998a7c24b9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494581847.jpg?k=9966e0fc177ec9c8a9f7ad16959029407bea0e34386b08a366ad9327bb91a138&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488216014.jpg?k=5e2ddf044a629a0a6025a3385d05544e3286a8d53d1e026220572a9689c391cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494681528.jpg?k=f52397c2f4a32def0326b7b47a97506d22807ac6d0e3b75ac8c3e5f83daa74fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483294212.jpg?k=4451e732279f271b91ebb1ca7f896979617a4e8151effc66665d2b36d9e13e4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494873361.jpg?k=246b1075835b4506394434290d40cb26f64cff4af95c432db12fde46376ea548&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Azzurro Vlore 300 m"\n  - "Bar Pizzeri Roma 650 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It was very nice, staying in this house, we enjoy it a lot. The house is specious, the bed is comfortable, everything was clean. The host was very, very nice and welcoming. We feel like at home there.”"\n  - name: "Dumitru"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The place is next to the sea and the city center and the host is super!”"\n  - name: "Pance"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“everything was beautiful, the hosts were very hospitable, every morning they made us a specialty and brought us fruit, grapes, figs from their own garden, we tried rakija from their own grapes, I greet them and hope to come back next year😘😘😘”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-oasis-holiday-home-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted by a lush garden setting and the promise of a stay cooled by air conditioning, a rarity that adds a layer of luxury to the experience. The provision of free private parking and the assurance of a 24-hour front desk service underscore the property's dedication to guest convenience and security. Importantly, the establishment maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

The holiday home itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a kitchenette equipped with a fridge. The inclusion of an outdoor dining area allows guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of stunning mountain views, enhancing the overall dining experience. Additionally, the availability of bed linen, towels, and housekeeping service speaks to the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For those who need to pick up essentials or snacks, the convenience of an on-site minimarket cannot be overstated. The location also serves as a perfect base for adventurers and nature enthusiasts. Whether it's hiking the surrounding trails or cycling through the scenic landscapes, the opportunity for outdoor exploration is vast. Moreover, the outdoor fireplace presents a cozy spot for guests to unwind and share stories of their day's adventures as the evening sets in.

Situated merely 1.8 km from Independence Square, Green Oasis Holiday Home Vlore offers an ideal starting point for guests wishing to explore the cultural and historical richness of the area. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 150 km away, provides a convenient gateway to this enchanting holiday home.

In essence, Green Oasis Holiday Home Vlore stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a highly recommended choice for those planning a visit to Vlorë.