---\ntitle: "GREEN Apartments"\ndescription: "GREEN Apartments emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of natural beauty and modern comforts, just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444947927.jpg?k=adb99ad094a0bdb856169d5566b14da25a65ed21d9d4ac7c3d030adad52b0d47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Tafil Buzi Nr 44 Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77356621\n  lng: 20.01078033\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444947927.jpg?k=adb99ad094a0bdb856169d5566b14da25a65ed21d9d4ac7c3d030adad52b0d47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440230415.jpg?k=034635045b6b3071884a1fac7d014e88def1480f7bbdbfa1a938bcc3f7faa30a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440138127.jpg?k=14aaa5f205904df5a83490e7de72f57386c04989a9e43e17064a19c1c27ca98c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440239867.jpg?k=b2aaf1bf5aa776c8e4ba73de870c65d9a5ad21d28a51d156b6c7608ffafea9fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440179673.jpg?k=a55dc7b35aa6b9ae60a3d95d44ac2e93d311da6f142883f659bc2f53898a39cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440524332.jpg?k=b762f68cd3940fc12b0fc26aa6f9542de4bd53b5325598cb20d2250b36d9315b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1.1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1,000 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jessica"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We arrived quite late but we even got a bigger appartement than we had booked. Super friendly staff! Accommodation has everything you need for your trip. Would recommend it!”"\n  - name: "Sabine"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The room was big and comfortable. We had a balcony and a large bathroom. The kitchen was well-equipped, so you could cook something. I can only recommend the breakfast in the attached garden. It was the best in Albania!!! The distance to the...”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The place is very suitable for the stay, with everything you need and close to everything. The friendliness of the excellent staff, always attentive to any request or recommendation requested.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at GREEN Apartments is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the season. Guests will appreciate the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi access throughout their stay. For those who prefer to dine in, select units feature a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, and a private bathroom that includes a walk-in shower and hair dryer, catering to all the comforts of home.

Morning risers are greeted with a choice of continental, vegetarian, or vegan breakfast options, providing a perfect start to the day. For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily pick up essentials without having to leave the comfort of the apartment complex.

Adventure seekers and leisure travelers alike will find plenty to do, with bike and car rental services readily available for exploring the picturesque surroundings. The area is renowned for its excellent fishing spots, promising a rewarding experience for enthusiasts. Families will delight in the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the little ones, while adults can unwind in the tranquil garden setting.

Located just beyond the immediate tranquility of GREEN Apartments, Coco Beach invites with its inviting shores, merely 1.1 km away, and the historic Butrint National Park is within easy reach, located just 3.4 km from the property. For those arriving from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Corfu International Airport, 93 km away, ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

In summary, GREEN Apartments offers an idyllic escape, blending the allure of natural surroundings with the comforts and conveniences of modern living, making it an ideal choice for travelers of all tastes and preferences.