---\ntitle: "Green Housee"\ndescription: "Green Housee emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its garden views and modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371072022.jpg?k=f85d33d99540377736704de720d1cdcfdf7b65ee0033f04730dc22cf542f0a11&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-housee\naddress: "Rruga Ilia Trebicka, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6125954\n  lng: 20.7828645\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371072022.jpg?k=f85d33d99540377736704de720d1cdcfdf7b65ee0033f04730dc22cf542f0a11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373110295.jpg?k=4b3667b223b0668d3813880e60318486c67caf27dd5ddcc5d81938f69d650920&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088616.jpg?k=a7c64e7f78353bf9103c35292f04e30ca719beebd01fbd1f92fa0aad234d93e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088628.jpg?k=f0c5f374ba61a5cc49d1125d929b43fe0e7db4d724581f310396b4556f692448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088624.jpg?k=f4b6c0ac0de529fc517d82cb9e735072dab16f2849da986e6e3f604b668c9544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088618.jpg?k=bfa7041f91c4da75ccc59e819b7ece586e0551491900c1ef21c59ff3c5e98759&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088619.jpg?k=686028ad9e880e68874e3e352b12c5cb611275242b4fa4de31dadee800769cda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088625.jpg?k=6142696e457ec6bf074758640e2ef2c21d2cf2f11d87644fa8cb0733f5785794&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373088621.jpg?k=11760d5ac36271606f08983210e7af34355058d0bfd0489e8c32a92b91a106d5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Shop 100 m"\n  - "Chris House 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 350 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 650 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louise"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“We just loved our stay here. It felt like home. After a walk in snowy weather we would walk inside and be welcomed by the warmth of a wood heater. The bedroom, which was separate, had reverse cycle air. The unit was beautifully warm and...”"\n  - name: "Sergi"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Dafina is a very warm and kind person. It was very welcoming from the first moment. The place is perfect, very clean, and on the leaving room there was a fire. The food is amazing.
I was so happy to choose that place :)”"\n  - name: "Tess"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It's a great location and very cute and homey!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-housee.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment, recently updated to enhance guest comfort, features two cozy bedrooms and a well-appointed bathroom. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. Upon arrival, visitors are greeted with the thoughtful touches of wine or champagne and fresh fruits, setting the tone for a relaxing stay. Additionally, the provision of bed linen, towels, and housekeeping services underscores the property's attention to detail.

Morning delights at Green Housee include a choice between à la carte and continental breakfasts, showcasing local specialties alongside fresh pastries and pancakes, ensuring a delightful start to the day. For those planning to explore the surrounding area, the accommodation thoughtfully offers packed lunches, perfect for day trips to nearby landmarks.

Families visiting Green Housee will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of child-friendly amenities such as an indoor play area, outdoor play equipment, and a baby safety gate, making it an ideal choice for guests traveling with little ones.

Located a mere 44 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and 72 km from Kastoria National Airport, Green Housee positions itself as a convenient base for exploring the region's rich cultural heritage and natural beauty.