---\ntitle: "Green Terrace Apartment 6"\ndescription: "Green Terrace Apartment 6 emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location that places guests within arm's reach of the city's most iconic landmarks, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Museum of History Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017134.jpg?k=0a9ac3c0212ba546a23d6de244506c448d3815cc2b94eb0e144b791e8d7d2317&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-terrace-apartment-6\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33062879\n  lng: 19.81939328\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017134.jpg?k=0a9ac3c0212ba546a23d6de244506c448d3815cc2b94eb0e144b791e8d7d2317&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017212.jpg?k=1edd61c71fae030246f0669f4126882849802b1eec5fd38d8f2a868e9cd9370b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017296.jpg?k=e53248228289f6e3c66dbbdeacae3ad2ff3cd68cecbd283b5acc0d17f7d7a904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017187.jpg?k=54f3fbde19388dd22ae1ed14ac2988ab9db5a237866032e36ee5c536bb578b0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017168.jpg?k=c94a2e9d7bc769bfc97eb93375fdeb735fd66874624de6b0e4dbb3082d81b9f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017123.jpg?k=cc84013368881a42c514fc96f856de86166a89bda35b0201b0b13456f19e72c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017194.jpg?k=201bf15b9f070038291ba625b82b617635c900ef5a46b96bd91ff3781cfb4bc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017259.jpg?k=0ad8b9c7c6633bb45e046b329b339dfa2a096d21ab91000e2e67bbea142d1dd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459017141.jpg?k=382d2411c5cc94639e25e2c6f13d6bd82a4534ed0e0f2b3216445aaf1dd3c4e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Luani 20 m"\n  - "Bar - Restorant Kastrati 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maher"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“Spacy, comfy, and modern decoration apartment.
The host Ardit is the best. Friendly, kind, welcoming gentleman.”"\n  - name: "Milica"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The apartment is new, spacious and very clean. We enjoyed our stay.”"\n  - name: "Enerlida"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Perfect location, just a few minutes walk from Scanderbeg Square - the main square in Tirana. The apartment is new, spacious, and very clean. The owner greeted us in person and was always ready to answer our requests. Definitely recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-terrace-apartment-6.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and style, featuring two generously sized bedrooms and a bathroom, all meticulously maintained. Guests are treated to the luxury of bed linen and towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment, and a dining area perfect for enjoying meals. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to every culinary need, while the balcony offers captivating city views, enhancing the dining experience with an option for outdoor seating. Notably, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a serene and healthy environment for all guests.

Strategically positioned, Green Terrace Apartment 6 is a stone's throw away from cultural hotspots such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the House of Leaves, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal choice for those eager to explore the rich tapestry of Tirana. For travelers, the convenience is further amplified by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, ensuring easy arrivals and departures.

In summary, Green Terrace Apartment 6 stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and the tranquility of a well-appointed living space in the vibrant city of Tirana.