---\ntitle: "Green Garden Villa"\ndescription: "Green Garden Villa emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491334769.jpg?k=96bf15797ecb201f4d824777a8330212511a4b5830e4d7bdb04888574f1bb1a3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-garden-villa\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30036117\n  lng: 19.49780717\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491334769.jpg?k=96bf15797ecb201f4d824777a8330212511a4b5830e4d7bdb04888574f1bb1a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476229790.jpg?k=a6a182a778d8fc09d7f70735aaf3c83177283faba59b5e8d6f77ec8e1e1f6e85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472570510.jpg?k=cacb3f1a9d6b02c5a87f8ff3bc5b004d2694b3f1fb87bf959498c9f5917ca0ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491334724.jpg?k=05b36f64feba06cba8e527c5eb6fd5f3f9c63803f3883d091644bd2da2ebe514&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491334570.jpg?k=183cec72657a2f3fd97a8d029fabeb934a1dbd340a95cb38fbe87c21106f3c08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470729930.jpg?k=756ef96eaf70588f11b990ea9b93f311b98414164e16309e7d6f1b8f638c810b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (82 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "RRESHKA 100 m"\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Staff was amazing, i am sorry that we couldn't say goodbye because we were in a hurry. Rooms were exactly like in the pictures. If we needed anything we just had to ask for it and the staff helped immediately.”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Fantastic. Well communicated with the owner. Very kind, always answered my questions. Well done and thank you”"\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The size of the facility, value for money, proximity to the sea.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-garden-villa-durres1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Green Garden Villa extends to its accommodations, where comfort meets functionality. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The presence of free WiFi and air conditioning in every unit adds a layer of convenience, while select rooms boast the added luxury of a terrace or city views, inviting guests to unwind in their private haven.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are invited to explore the array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The outdoor fireplace and picnic area offer perfect settings for leisurely afternoons, while the sea and garden views serve as a constant reminder of the villa's picturesque location. Families visiting Green Garden Villa will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of both indoor and outdoor play areas, ensuring that younger guests are entertained.

For those looking to explore beyond the villa, a bicycle rental service provides the perfect opportunity to discover the surrounding area at a leisurely pace. The proximity to Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and the historic Skanderbeg Square offers a glimpse into the region's natural beauty and cultural heritage, making Green Garden Villa an ideal base for adventurers and culture enthusiasts alike.

Situated just 34 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Green Garden Villa stands as a beacon of tranquility and convenience, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.