---\ntitle: "Green Park Divjakë"\ndescription: "Green Park Divjakë emerges as a serene oasis for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and nature, located approximately 46 km from the iconic Rock of Kavaje."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477368738.jpg?k=b4cb8e578558de87a9efa46625883e47df129504a0408c8be645f33e76590615&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-park-divjak\naddress: "Xengë, 9022 Divjakë, Albania"\ncity: "Divjakë"\nlocation: "Divjakë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.9778011\n  lng: 19.53031956\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477368738.jpg?k=b4cb8e578558de87a9efa46625883e47df129504a0408c8be645f33e76590615&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505676078.jpg?k=a18c43ccb7b2b17cd70b7f8d0ffcdd7d7e47f92fae3f2f638cc861906acce456&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497163306.jpg?k=9c8556fcaa00646af0a71b1c21cba90d0bcf0425ea815b81308e02a797613c2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508782574.jpg?k=ec3884e77b35b054dd213d18463a6c22531ac74c968377ca73a98078ec9a2694&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496380405.jpg?k=32b181d50f392a00a6c2e2390f552f1a5c1625668cb1999f4b0be173ca3af8f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496379769.jpg?k=bfbb23ecfc71368c59c835bb3105fc531f9df9ab68b00968cd46f235bcaa98d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (76 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard King Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Green Park Divjakë 150 m"\n  - "Kuka 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 0 m"\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 49 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Salima"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Charming hotel close to the Karavasta lagoon. Pleasant rooms overlooking the garden, on-site restaurant with delicious dishes and a very warm welcome from the owners. Highly recommended”"\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We had a fantastic stay at Green Park. The host and his family were very friendly and helpful, we are so grateful for their advice and help. The room was very new, beautifully equipped and clean. The area around the hotel is full of green and...”"\n  - name: "Sharon"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hosts were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The food was fresh and delicious. Good location in lovely grounds and peaceful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-park-divjake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The private bathrooms are outfitted with showers and plush bathrobes, ensuring a pampered experience. Guests will appreciate the added convenience of complimentary WiFi, and select rooms boast balconies for those who love to start their day with a breath of fresh air. Comfort is further enhanced with thoughtful touches like quality bed linen and towels provided in every room.

Culinary delights await at the farm stay's family-friendly restaurant, where Italian cuisine takes center stage. Open for both lunch and dinner, it's a perfect spot to gather for a meal after a day of exploration or relaxation. For families traveling with infants, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores Green Park Divjakë's commitment to guest safety and comfort.

Situated a manageable drive from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, which is 81 km away, this farm stay offers a blend of accessibility and seclusion, making it a compelling choice for those looking to escape the hustle and bustle of city life without straying too far from the conveniences of modern travel.