---\ntitle: "Green Coast 136"\ndescription: "Green Coast 136 emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty, just a stone's throw away from Palasa Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403273206.jpg?k=3926679ae70a2779225a6b75363ba3582202d2104858753f26924896d4461147&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-coast-136\naddress: "Green Coast Resort, Palasa, Dhermi, 1001 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.17230794\n  lng: 19.58566651\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403273206.jpg?k=3926679ae70a2779225a6b75363ba3582202d2104858753f26924896d4461147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359532455.jpg?k=90d10411724a110781c324e0a490adcb0310dc53d4a765c66061e4c89298fa59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387262029.jpg?k=ae4a33ceeef06c8afb6df4e8b7a20baa15c5a37d2d4cfb3ca7ce963c46ca1e3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359533654.jpg?k=b9fcb5ce7a92c06a58b9879dec167a4a2f62c84e6665d0ee1df5c8f55159bc50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381874336.jpg?k=dbd7ed1304de120baf60fc6c59588ac383de43eb0813a5ee4563d0a7fe281ac2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463690958.jpg?k=2ecfcd30038476b08f7c4fe2a488199ead715f86a007d9d8844d4d86a0a4461b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359531321.jpg?k=616c8f369c2bac7eb800c11d6a44b894884f7d49fccf43610456f5770a431025&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381876899.jpg?k=a7f9524c0f876b0c1868620fe0c301eaf3842aa57eb6c78b073eb281e6d9d75f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475938087.jpg?k=03442d6cf6b81e19f5f65f6d2f52d8c702f483df3c28b6ab0c487ee18e46ffdf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (87 Mbps)"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fishop Coast 300 m"\n  - "Beachside Cafe 800 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nazar Beach 250 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 9 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jurgen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Ambjenti ishte i qetë dhe i pastër.Vila vetë ishte e bukur, e mirëmbajtur dhe komode. E rekomandoj pa dyshim për çdo vizitor që kërkon një përvojë të bukur!”"\n  - name: "Miradije"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Wunderschöne, ruhige und gepflegte Anlage. Der Strand ist ebenfalls gepflegt und das Meer glasklar. Die Gastgeberin war sehr unkompliziert und flexibel. Bei Fragen war sie stets erreichbar und hat Tipps gegeben. Sie hat sich regelmässig über Whats...”"\n  - name: "Alban"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Perfect villa very useful and perfect location with good view of the sea and green cost villas!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-coast-resort-136.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property features a spacious holiday home that is a testament to luxury and comfort. Guests are welcomed into a world of elegance, with a balcony that offers stunning sea views, two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary needs, while the two bathrooms come with walk-in showers, adding a touch of sophistication. The private entrance adds an exclusive feel, inviting guests to unwind with some wine or champagne and fruits upon arrival.

Outside, the garden, sun terrace, and picnic area provide the perfect backdrop for relaxation or dining al fresco in the outdoor dining area. For those looking to pamper themselves, beauty services are available on-site. Additionally, the property houses a bar for guests to relax in, as well as a convenient minimarket.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the comforts of Green Coast 136, a car rental service is readily available, making it easy to discover the surrounding area. Despite its secluded feel, the property is accessible, with Ioannina Airport located 168 km away, ensuring that guests can enjoy both tranquility and connectivity.

Green Coast 136 stands out as an ideal destination for those seeking a blend of relaxation, luxury, and adventure in a picturesque setting.