---\ntitle: "Green Terrace Apartments Tirana"\ndescription: "Green Terrace Apartments Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the luxury of modern amenities in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307284166.jpg?k=0bf7d1f5dcddea087c6a6ef4eee3b5766af4ace2131b8692048464d4cd9ae3a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-terrace-apartments-tirana\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave Green Tarrace Building, kati 7, Ap 65, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33232015\n  lng: 19.81964502\nprice: "US$237"\npriceFrom: 237\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307284166.jpg?k=0bf7d1f5dcddea087c6a6ef4eee3b5766af4ace2131b8692048464d4cd9ae3a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307285208.jpg?k=545c8534dfca8627ec53816320120d11a6de73f66453972393ea7cea1ea453f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267140295.jpg?k=fd34babcb9efbfec29181c95973708bf593d1850538d5eba3932584017c8019b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274488755.jpg?k=dbf2d1a00f3825958b6fd426736ac0873deec3bb0b5b8387e29c25fe108c7b05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267850137.jpg?k=e4d6462b1ddcb1da13d3480d46447449ba2f3d98969495bda285ee28962efb71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472582981.jpg?k=76c8e27bfebdb9c3ea193c699f1bcd5d972e93235f4fe96d7a7cef8d45d8a0b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274488802.jpg?k=6c35a5ae4139651d1c28ace43a9e01339ce056c91dcd2b4a1a320df4b4f8215f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274488869.jpg?k=b0422289dd2c0cf9ddb9397c7acfb65f5969e4b7c6fe014b8460ea33b62a23e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274487095.jpg?k=53c94b10a0c4a62f7ff077e9f08fcbfe7b601e8fec619670f7f9e8833a74299e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274488925.jpg?k=cc24fedd285b87fc02e59c13d1c4fa82a39f208500e73040993d9f0936dab4e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/272712256.jpg?k=27488852417d235bea10cd02190926957e2b914886b908a3a1c46eaaf929b891&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274490235.jpg?k=8f22c02bc6d3a5a93fc4e42900ef76c5ad251e43104e5349d97d10b0f1d15dae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golosa 40 m"\n  - "Orzo Meal&More 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benoit"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Central location. Very clean. Has washer/dryer. Ardit, the owner, was super nice, tremendously helpful with tips on what to do and helpful when we had our lost luggage delivered to the apartment but we weren’t there then.”"\n  - name: "Andrew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment in the centre of Tirana, which had everything we needed for our short stay. Ardit was a great host, easily contactable before and during our stay and was very helpful.
Plenty of space for our group of 8 and would definitely...”"\n  - name: "Mira"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Very modern, spacious and unique property. A really nice comfortable apartment with great amenities. It was also in a great location close to the centre of the city.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-tarace-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living and modern design, featuring four well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a terrace that presents captivating city views. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and four bathrooms with walk-in showers, underscores the property's commitment to providing a comfortable and self-sufficient living space. Moreover, the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of thoughtful hospitality. Designed as an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, it caters to the well-being and comfort of all guests.

For those moments of relaxation, the shared lounge area serves as a perfect spot to unwind after a day of exploring Tirana's attractions. Speaking of which, the apartment's location is unbeatably convenient, lying in close proximity to notable landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making Green Terrace Apartments Tirana an accessible and appealing choice for both short and long-term stays.

In essence, Green Terrace Apartments Tirana offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and connectivity, making it an excellent accommodation choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the cultural tapestry of Tirana.