---\ntitle: "Green Terrace Square View"\ndescription: "Green Terrace Square View emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444096986.jpg?k=cf30267a0c3d09c10f5d6998ca212817f2ff1b79b7831676cf32d63db8eb4dad&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: green-terrace-square-view\naddress: "Rruga Dervish Hatixhe, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33337992\n  lng: 19.81773556\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444096986.jpg?k=cf30267a0c3d09c10f5d6998ca212817f2ff1b79b7831676cf32d63db8eb4dad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636991.jpg?k=54e889302a67ae5f22c18f991e7398bfec00b296f7a12e45c35aefb2118edcab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636988.jpg?k=fc9e7cd5fc1a19f04521abe740be0ab51c7042c2e9a55e0a5d9e2ac47e8a2760&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636993.jpg?k=bb23903546e20362024fe10e454df8fe21afbc86b6626a172607acff919fa206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636986.jpg?k=b369b6ba32b04fe8cc76d54fdca6a2ce0a93e4c4673ab2216bbaa65cfa990aa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636994.jpg?k=fa2abce6ac632bf33c781e265d232d5a553f0937136c8ab20057a612cfe4c487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636987.jpg?k=53cf19bc690a7d69f5709a718aab95ff5a6f0b3a28ae93bbf5a82b7f8c8a346e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472582954.jpg?k=15f422137a2f72070130ad87b0bcadb6f820eeb9dea21dc609f9c38e9e6ead23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443636985.jpg?k=977e70d1f9c111a78e334c7d6861c023f1d01dd048c73eda57b5eb034086b7df&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 20 m"\n  - "Wien Bar 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antonij"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment is spacious, lofty and it has a balcony with a magnificent view over Tirana. The apartment is close to Skanderberg Square, and it is surrounded by restaurants and coffee places. The host is very communicative, friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Awesome apartment in high class building, very central area, close to amenities, great host!”"\n  - name: "Ester"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The apartment is beautifully decorated, well-kept and feels very modern. The view of Tirana is fantastic and there is a great cafe at the bottom of the house. We liked the area a lot and it was peaceful and quiet in the house. Very nice host!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-terrace-square-view-tirana2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking apartment is a spacious retreat, boasting two bedrooms, a bathroom, and an array of amenities designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. From crisp bed linen and plush towels to a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen, every detail has been thoughtfully considered. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, complemented by an outdoor dining area for guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of the city.

Privacy and comfort are paramount at Green Terrace Square View, with soundproofing and a private entrance ensuring a serene and uninterrupted experience. Its proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the House of Leaves enriches the stay, offering guests a glimpse into Albania's rich cultural tapestry.

Conveniently located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, this apartment is not just a place to stay but a gateway to exploring the vibrant city of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers.