---\ntitle: "Guacamole 592"\ndescription: "Guacamole 592 emerges as a prime beachfront gem located in the vibrant heart of Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Durres Beach and within a comfortable distance of 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594724.jpg?k=149c270f3e8ec07153c27b1ac5610ee573411f71a860f239af9182e83e3a980b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guacamole-592\naddress: "8F6J+X4J, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3126205\n  lng: 19.47991258\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594724.jpg?k=149c270f3e8ec07153c27b1ac5610ee573411f71a860f239af9182e83e3a980b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594644.jpg?k=1d158195c0e0cebe7820dc77c302c3aff7a831b220ed181994f35cb873f91f37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594789.jpg?k=86dd3c6ac47243c5e07f755115149b49272fc6fb4f8c2119e52769aa2e45028a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594430.jpg?k=205d534b06fc1e93329dd054035bce322369704bc5f0cc6ce6cf4abfb56c97a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594921.jpg?k=e69f05c03c538c5ceac060a975bf2a2595761e42be165154a6c7bc93cbff4820&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594363.jpg?k=75ccd72dd9be96effbaca79f91c5311767b077338dfa9f7e873ee58bae478d24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594974.jpg?k=9c37b915ae9691f403307f6b9b25cb11719c8d52d5961cf4fa8d3b664c22090e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594661.jpg?k=0b843094e13e5e2dcb79b02de65510151ee0c2e40e54345541e4fecde59eab14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426594827.jpg?k=a6e51439e985375b872a75d0236031a612917a1456a52fd02dc892b7d64fc916&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Vushtrria 50 m"\n  - "Hotel Ristorante Koral 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mojo"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wspaniała lokalizacja przy głównej ulicy pełnej sklepów, restauracji, kramów i pięknej plaży, 10 minut tanim autobusem do zabytkowego centrum Durres. Apartament wygodny, chciałbym tam mieszkać na stałe ;))”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Дуже гарна квартира! Все чисте і охайне. Є усе необхідне, від рушників до посуду. У кожній кімнаті є кондиціонер! У спальні величезне ліжко зі зручними матрацом! Вікна виходять на море, що робить прекрасну атмосферу. Дуже добра шумоізоляція, що...”"\n  - name: "Pociecha"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo ładne, przestronne, nowe mieszkanie w fajnej okolicy przedmieść Durres. Mieszkanie położone na piątym piętrze (z windą) blisko sklepów i restauracji. Budynek nowy w trakcie rozbudowy. Wygodne łóżko małżeńskie. Nowoczesny design. Balkon...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-592-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment at Guacamole 592 is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, boasting a generous layout that includes a bedroom, a living area, and a terrace that presents breathtaking sea views. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, while the kitchen comes fully furnished with a dishwasher and microwave, making it perfect for those who prefer a home-cooked meal. Additionally, the apartment includes a bathroom with a shower, and guests are provided with towels and bed linen for their convenience. It's important to note that the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

For those looking to unwind with a drink or enjoy a casual meeting, the property houses a coffee shop and bar, adding to the overall comfort and convenience of the stay.

Explorers eager to venture beyond the beach will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 41 km away, offering an adventurous escape to stunning heights, while the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 7.1 km from the apartment, presents an intriguing visit. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 32 km from Guacamole 592, with the added benefit of airport transfer services and car rental options available directly through the accommodation.

Guacamole 592 stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the allure of the Albanian coast.