---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Kevin"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Kevin emerges as a charming retreat in Kukës, boasting a fresh renovation that promises a comfortable and memorable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477063985.jpg?k=aa3b6c0814ffd89a28b7ae00f113e7842db7256aec21219f92bcef8f50c38902&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-kevin\naddress: "Matranxh, 8506 Kukës, Albania"\ncity: "Kukës"\nlocation: "Kukës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.867207\n  lng: 20.4306775\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477063985.jpg?k=aa3b6c0814ffd89a28b7ae00f113e7842db7256aec21219f92bcef8f50c38902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497592132.jpg?k=6e32578af4127465bd133244eb9fbdc46966586042105dc9ef612d16fa9b7c95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453919587.jpg?k=502e17a812ada867e5e8e4d05df2f6b745d38b41d90f592e135e5037bc376903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488838451.jpg?k=8ca5a620fc3a77cce763229c96c049cea0bb4d04520c2589f795ed19f7f61ff0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453921078.jpg?k=a3c6ffb457da6813f3ccab4033aacb44d7178b14e8f30d5f681de83cb136ef3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453919565.jpg?k=48e122a3a18a98150978f2c68b1cd31e6b91068c3fe0d8de8e8eb0e36defe218&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujtina Korabi 7 km"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Turizmi i Vjeter\\"\" 20 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Lure National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 77 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\n  - "Pristina International Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erki"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“New clean guesthouse at nice location. Spotless rooms. Sadly I couldn't taste breakfast nor have a dinner at their zgara by the main road due to health reasons. The village is far from any town so sky is full of stars at night.”"\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was great! The owner was polite. Nice guesthouse and restaurant. Near to starting point of Mount Korab. I must recommend!”"\n  - name: "Onda"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“It was the best accommodation in Albania. Very nice and helpfull houselord. Traditional, delicious kitchen, bio food from his own garden. We love it. The best recommendation <3”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-kevin-kukes.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Kevin are well-equipped to meet the needs of modern travelers, featuring complimentary WiFi, washing machines, and flat-screen TVs in every unit. For those seeking a touch of coziness, select units also come with the warmth of a fireplace.

Situated 123 km from Ohrid Airport, Guesthouse Kevin is accessible for travelers, making it an ideal choice for both short stays and extended getaways. The guest house also prides itself on offering family rooms, catering to the needs of guests traveling with loved ones.