---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Leo"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Leo emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach and the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472652007.jpg?k=92162bf42ade8b45558254847e4893b5ca93a4bd5bd8d90ea9d22a89de65c30d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-leo\naddress: "Rruga Baba Sherifi, Ksamil ksamil, rruga baba sherifi, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76990895\n  lng: 20.00730897\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472652007.jpg?k=92162bf42ade8b45558254847e4893b5ca93a4bd5bd8d90ea9d22a89de65c30d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894458.jpg?k=11d1307c6e6a666c70d6df5f7820cee22664cd7cb5e8cb25903ec58f6d4530ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894451.jpg?k=c2fbc18438a88e15a953dcaab6c6e450058aba44e9b0b20c4ee42e2044d23f88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472652613.jpg?k=e5606e92603862e6a5f236242e77363677850c12801c61f7d9bee2c3f58cce77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894457.jpg?k=55b741fd049fd8a21d3aaa559de0d9f766888c071cd38cebf8f4bd6d6c0f8e8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894452.jpg?k=e709006e786f92b3b146def72610b21925f63473439dddcc7fdaf58e1e5363c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472652000.jpg?k=ca9417d04b8d4a7e2d77b95625f4b9a4dbfe967edc27428394c44662bfcb0b49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894205.jpg?k=2ffea001b69bd422dfd1ab75fb0e53a91601e7a86a1ed85e59456e2a95eb0e9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475250442.jpg?k=e8fea81201d7750b0ae840c0f0f12b1928b104206d5cfacd673f5621230fecf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894449.jpg?k=cae523522bcb55b06247427a87179c7b97296cf5c3ab8d6f1c989097f3c04f69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894444.jpg?k=88b6eef4dc32d825ffccf17ac931bbe1d5f49078ec7d12150723c1da2d31cf42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473894263.jpg?k=4bfe026d9aef7934be350e20d561ac8faab6cca37377a8bb6a6ce3dfeca6623d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (14 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“family environment and very clean, very good location, only 5 minutes walk from the center and 7 minutes from the beach.”"\n  - name: "Spagnoletti"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La stanza è nuova, pulita e ampia, il bagno con doccia grande, lo staff molto gentile. la struttura è a pochi passi dalla zona centrale e dai lidi.”"\n  - name: "Meloni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura pulitissima, nuova e con parcheggio. Staff presente e cortese. Letti comodi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-leo-examili.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its array of air-conditioned units, each thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, a safety deposit box, and a private balcony. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, featuring walk-in showers, ensuring a comfortable stay. Privacy is paramount, with each unit boasting its own entrance, alongside the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience.

Connectivity is seamless throughout Guesthouse Leo, with free WiFi enabling guests to stay connected with the world. The sun terrace offers a perfect vantage point for mountain views, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the natural beauty. The 24-hour front desk ensures assistance is always at hand, making every stay as effortless as possible.

For those seeking to explore the local area, the guesthouse facilitates bike and car rentals, opening up a world of adventure. The surrounding region is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, with fishing and hiking among the popular pursuits. Families will appreciate the indoor play area, while the garden provides a peaceful haven for relaxation.

A convenient minimarket on-site caters to everyday needs, ensuring guests have everything they require at their fingertips. Guesthouse Leo is ideally located, with Ksamil Beach 9 and Ksamil Beach 7 within easy reach, promising a blend of relaxation and exploration. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Guesthouse Leo an accessible choice for both domestic and overseas visitors seeking a tranquil escape in Ksamil.