---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Emanuel"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Emanuel emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an unforgettable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692661.jpg?k=850fcdc984892fb5e743bc798492404d048dbe8e1ace58e3928f7326b538b40e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-emanuel\naddress: "Rruga Riviera Rruga Freskia, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76335233\n  lng: 19.99651502\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692661.jpg?k=850fcdc984892fb5e743bc798492404d048dbe8e1ace58e3928f7326b538b40e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692641.jpg?k=86a10e5a6d3db818c96b00eacad4f0bc3fc9ed9eafb277d558cc683f8a9da273&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692652.jpg?k=646dd2f5be5cc32a8f9cc5bb788c526b27c0ee94f33a24a03b0f88f2e8a763a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230970410.jpg?k=a4b6ed7c90ebb5416352b2dc6ed8ea4fdf5385ba51b134d2d7df3af4c6861f3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692673.jpg?k=71ee537799c17f0b7a765fb1a4c0aabe157e7377db16166d11399de4ee649b96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692669.jpg?k=881b67371bb0a356c38c6d12327a13ce9429468034afc45ec2e5f5a1d4cd34ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692681.jpg?k=874ca65f0e8957b180efa4e0979a787e843f791e1f6790da3533a8a4bc7cb0fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210634835.jpg?k=ed3ad6ef8adb5a5c039711d2ad9a0d5571ee22e21de9f7d0ff8a28a80b47bf7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692625.jpg?k=76847ab1c093696cabe2e8ddf8db9a9fbfb101ac81152156167b7b0e2b385bf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203334174.jpg?k=6f8a15dc872f0257463296196880bbfba072dcab379335c1a7521ef1b61f964f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342692660.jpg?k=1167125d170676e316d3b5ead4f5c433207d35ea0fe5396e48bc9a6335d42e07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203334764.jpg?k=114b996551620d290315be2731f7fecad8e704d1af851111232f527ba8eeb9db&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 200 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 250 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The position was wonderful, the private parking too. The owner was very kind and the house very useful.”"\n  - name: "Selma"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The property is a real gem. Situated on the quiet part of Ksamil, it has private parking, and 2min walking from Paradise beach, 5-10min walk from Augusto beach, Nature beach and Blue diamond- it can meet everyone’s taste. Market is also 1-2min...”"\n  - name: "Natasa"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The host was so kind, she picked us up at the bus station and dropped us off to the station when we departured. The place was clean and good value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-emanuel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its lush garden views, which guests can enjoy from the comfort of their accommodations, along with an outdoor fireplace that adds a cozy touch to the evenings. Each room at Guesthouse Emanuel is thoughtfully designed with air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay, complemented by the convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises.

Accommodations are well-appointed with balconies offering scenic mountain views, a seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring a toaster and a fridge, allows guests the flexibility to prepare their meals. The private bathrooms are equipped with walk-in showers and bathrobes, enhancing the feeling of a home away from home. Notably, all units boast private entrances and are designed to be allergy-free and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and uninterrupted stay.

For those traveling with little ones, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores the guesthouse's commitment to accommodating families. 

Situated just 3.5 km from the historical Butrint National Park, Guesthouse Emanuel offers an excellent starting point for guests wishing to explore the rich cultural heritage of the area. Moreover, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 92 km away, provides convenient access for international travelers.

In summary, Guesthouse Emanuel presents a compelling choice for those in search of a tranquil getaway, where the beauty of Ksamil's beaches meets the comfort and hospitality of a top-tier guesthouse.