---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Alpini"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Alpini emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Lëpushë, situated within the picturesque Shkoder County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106194256.jpg?k=15a4398208fa6bf3715436e9cefcb9bb8c34b2104585028830ac9919ffa1cd54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-alpini\naddress: "Rruga Lepushe, 1000 Lëpushë, Albania"\ncity: "Lëpushë"\nlocation: "Lëpushë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.53404252\n  lng: 19.72400386\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 78\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106194256.jpg?k=15a4398208fa6bf3715436e9cefcb9bb8c34b2104585028830ac9919ffa1cd54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153346920.jpg?k=6b5debe5063735b0d065300781236b8b868ca61a97a7e7596a0f36f507b3d8da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106806043.jpg?k=da1e8ddccebdcb23fcf923413e30c4772664a60455740c5718d10e1fa9913e5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269954182.jpg?k=baaf11684ee6ad7c7ae771c7aef9cf10fa4cf0d3c39bde6964429320b6382246&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153347287.jpg?k=0a18a0cab4061de5bdedda165fa69d79bc509849a7e189061fb1a0432d26c454&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/94129975.jpg?k=84010335ab6e2cc0f8e0f068d6a0a59a6e7e9752f10d3bb231daf6455721dbb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153346932.jpg?k=3e7061f52f160c51cc9d73f4eb6fcbb53ecfae546fc4d7ae5fde04e80d663fe3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106806113.jpg?k=8d75c5d09e53c2358fb3e70c6f7364eb003dae381adda5559a7cd2b85ca39b35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462513566.jpg?k=076ca5ae0cddb2db46b38286823a771ace43ca8e3f3c3b41562b1e6d8e48fd47&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Good free WiFi (19 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Tonini 450 m"\n  - "Restorant Kelmendi 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Prokletije National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 8 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 11 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 14 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 17 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 17 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 18 km"\n  - "Nacionalni park Prokletije 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 42 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nevila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Guesthouse Alpini had a very welcomed and friendly staff. They helped us with everything we needed. Breakfast lunch and dinner there was amazing we enjoyed so much and had fun a lot. Thank you so much !”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The location is just perfect with a stunning view. The staff is very friendly and the home cooked meals phantastic.”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great location and very nice view from the balcony and terrace, delicious breakfast!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-alpini.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a well-maintained garden that serves as a peaceful oasis for guests. With the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi, visitors are ensured a hassle-free stay. The guesthouse takes pride in its array of amenities, including a sun terrace and a barbecue area, perfect for guests looking to relax or socialize while soaking in the breathtaking mountain and garden views.

Accommodations at Guesthouse Alpini are thoughtfully designed, with select units featuring a dressing room for added privacy and convenience. All units are equipped with essential bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and worry-free stay.

For those seeking leisure within the guesthouse, a cozy bar and lounge area await, offering the perfect setting for unwinding after a day of exploration. The availability of packed lunches adds an extra layer of convenience for guests planning day trips or excursions.

Adventure enthusiasts will find Guesthouse Alpini to be an ideal base, with its proximity to engaging activities such as skiing and hiking. The guesthouse facilitates these experiences by providing ski equipment rental services and ski storage space, catering to the needs of winter sports aficionados.

Located 59 km from Podgorica Airport, the guesthouse also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth and stress-free transfers for travelers.

In summary, Guesthouse Alpini stands out as a delightful haven for those seeking to explore the natural wonders of Lëpushë and its surroundings, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty.