---\ntitle: "Guest House MURATI"\ndescription: "Guest House MURATI emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253618225.jpg?k=e1ed9faad267143b481cdd8a734f0ca7ef5ba929eeb0498e3e05914eb0c73675&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-murati\naddress: "Rruga Borzilok shtepia nr.19, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30304041\n  lng: 19.50168891\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 172\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253618225.jpg?k=e1ed9faad267143b481cdd8a734f0ca7ef5ba929eeb0498e3e05914eb0c73675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240642587.jpg?k=82295baa4068a791310a064d2a6707bd6d8c510037af3cc026f9556f1d179494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206083061.jpg?k=d43c2c5afbe85b75f7931342f0b39d393d9fe3544d7a5715b24de201c14f72f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206083084.jpg?k=dfe4e88cacbcbf239dcc7677798cc32fd6460f62ff40fecd237ee78226c9203b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211591757.jpg?k=bd1abe32c155a1a39405e5f5f1f74db8380871c5f9f0595ebb8ce25e4fc6210c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240642949.jpg?k=b48f66243e8ed90685e9cabbfa16abb4cd8ddd27b90ddd8092e4b9be6a149b59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208655652.jpg?k=a57392dfdbaacfe016082c5c26d58b79cf9bad6bbca7f8fd08730efdac878fa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240644524.jpg?k=65c21861730c679933ef386646551e48f5f283dc5b1be00cf54a17cb82a6863f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253618319.jpg?k=7158cbcb80f5503c18cf8314c8e1eae306659e8435395053a01f67b0a9cb0bd3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brendon 250 m"\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 550 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Moreno"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Super friendly host. They waited for us till late in the night (we arrived by ferry and ferry was late). He even offered a beer, which was superlative after a battering trip. Recommend”"\n  - name: "Torov"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“It was great, we loved the villa and the owners were really welcoming 🙂”"\n  - name: "Dániel"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The friendly welcome and the helpful receptionist :)
And my motorcycle also slept in the safest place!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-murati.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Guest House MURATI are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring soundproof rooms to ensure a peaceful stay and wardrobes for personal storage. The family-friendly rooms underscore the guest house's commitment to catering to groups of all sizes, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with loved ones.

One of the standout amenities is the shared kitchen, which allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The outdoor dining area provides a delightful setting for meals under the sky, complemented by an on-site coffee shop for those morning or afternoon caffeine fixes.

For moments of relaxation, the guest house boasts a serene garden and a cozy shared lounge area, inviting guests to unwind after a day of exploration. The proximity to notable landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 39 km and 43 km away respectively, positions Guest House MURATI as a convenient base for exploring the wider region.

With the added benefits of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured a hassle-free stay. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is just 33 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

In summary, Guest House MURATI offers a harmonious blend of home-like comfort and strategic location, making it a commendable choice for travelers visiting Durrës.