---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Alvaro Kadiu"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Alvaro Kadiu emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Berat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469867668.jpg?k=431ade10ffaac9e9446825dae4dd557891717206fafd41a6750dde8f26cb7bfa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-alvaro-kadiu\naddress: "Antipatrea Street , Mangalem Quarter, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70466637\n  lng: 19.94989111\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 83\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469867668.jpg?k=431ade10ffaac9e9446825dae4dd557891717206fafd41a6750dde8f26cb7bfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319421452.jpg?k=92943380c9fd302b539839c32fdb6473b443d581183d0910a328800560ed7610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469868679.jpg?k=82d87421ff1eaa2f39293ae96e73c833142e05897a5b17a994d997e2779b164b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74288856.jpg?k=82ebd1392d85f9eaf690760ae19461eb70ed98e5b0f9c0f8e37486b1ba4bc4a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51713528.jpg?k=128a85930ac6413a67a57a217629148061e99a01b0be970ee5d5b43f4145bf36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196225319.jpg?k=557a165af5be4c3ddc322267c9c378b143cfa2fb2920b9b886ba23cc2eacc51e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511996637.jpg?k=fd43565dc596a8e17a20c5d6447415502a7cdb3c873c4b1bcf96254700856469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51713533.jpg?k=8306dae0860c1da5a7c31e8df67f7f0de2281772be2b52605a97382f78a95b7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474723479.jpg?k=3a8a081936794ae89f7e92e7f4a25a7c1274d6db1ec30812701e91142f7bb4f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Heavens Kitchen 20 m"\n  - "Wildor 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Traditional house right in the centre of Berat. Perfect location. If u are looking for traditional Albanian hospitality this is the place for you. The owner and her son were lovely. Nothing too much trouble.”"\n  - name: "Dániel"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The breakfast was perfect traditional and local made by the kind lady who owns the house. Everything was perfect for our stay. As an extra the place was in the middle of the most beautiful part of Berat with exceptional sight on the city.”"\n  - name: "Lila"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Thé kindness of the staff, it was clean, nice and good breakfast !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-kadiu-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of a private entrance, setting the tone for an exclusive experience. The property boasts a lush garden and a sun-drenched terrace, providing serene spots to unwind. The panoramic mountain views add a touch of tranquility to the stay, while the availability of free WiFi keeps guests connected to the world outside.

Accommodations at Guesthouse Alvaro Kadiu are designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a pleasant environment regardless of the weather. The presence of a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a fridge, and a kettle in every room adds a home-like feel. The inclusion of a bath, slippers, and a wardrobe further enhances the comfort level. Private bathrooms come standard, equipped with a hair dryer for convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience with the addition of a balcony or captivating river views, inviting guests to soak in the natural beauty of Berat. For added convenience, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

The guesthouse doesn't stop at providing comfortable lodging; it also caters to the culinary needs of its guests. An on-site bar offers a cozy spot for relaxation and socializing. For those planning day trips or excursions, packed lunches are available upon request, ensuring guests are well-prepared for their adventures.

Situated 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guesthouse Alvaro Kadiu is a convenient choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, comfort, and scenic beauty in Berat.