---\ntitle: "Guest house tirana"\ndescription: "Guest House Tirana emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481916461.jpg?k=ec77d24fc4de5a943cd0d2a6ad998294c657f962c3543248467407ce14dbf3b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Lela 212, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3299338\n  lng: 19.8396944\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481916461.jpg?k=ec77d24fc4de5a943cd0d2a6ad998294c657f962c3543248467407ce14dbf3b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501268171.jpg?k=bf01607a657c4e58e4052d54319a1cc46a53b292f8def85ac5021ee148b1cb19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485468992.jpg?k=a7a0fda7236bca61f58660cccc148ef97ead4678ca49e377e50fe782963c0e28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501265956.jpg?k=03e4cea32ca6cc619f7831012b96feb71fb3baec24db383bfad0b73e2711632f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501266188.jpg?k=a39a812531fc5494676242fabc5e91b0a812345f7ca5ea014f582b2cf6a847db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501273635.jpg?k=ed81baced1ce2c7a943450b7f432bb6227139a107a438a382049c6ade92d0321&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485469093.jpg?k=902e28613646b0f349ec50be1d0e4c494d415a7a3fc9dbe75c0987365376cfb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481916594.jpg?k=d710a7092b8dd68f83acc528161c647dd34695aeb7774e5eaae4079062607be6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501266064.jpg?k=7a229893e43fdce2432ff409bda1e3574c64c9bb2a3e48da819020991d700c59&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 200 m"\n  - "Fast Lounge Ristorante Italiano 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arian"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The apartment was big, nothing was missing. the owner of the house is very hospitable, ready to help with anything. everything that was needed, this apartment has everything. everything was new. From the closets, TV, living room, bedroom....”"\n  - name: "Nicholas"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very big. Newly renovated. Good appliances like kettle, and oven. Kitchen is very new and high quality. Very nice couches. It is a very peaceful area. The house has a nice garden area. Highly recommended.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rent-house-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThis inviting 1-bedroom villa is more than just a place to stay; it's a home away from home, equipped with a full kitchen, a welcoming living room, and the modern comforts of air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. The addition of a private balcony and complimentary access to both private parking and WiFi enhances the stay, ensuring every guest's needs are thoughtfully catered to. The villa prides itself on being a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

From the tranquility of the garden views to the property's proximity to notable attractions such as the Bektashi World Centre, Tanners' Bridge, and Toptani Shopping Centre, Guest House Tirana positions itself as an ideal base for exploring the rich culture and history of Tirana. For those arriving by air, the convenience of being just 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal.

Guest House Tirana stands out not just for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but for offering a peaceful haven amidst the bustling city life, making it a top choice for travelers in search of a memorable stay in Tirana.