---\ntitle: "Guest house Stela"\ndescription: "Guest House Stela emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476066259.jpg?k=1ac4c1c7c983bd908758490544996ddba823c83969b7bae47d530c5825429af0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-stela\naddress: "Rruga Lluke Kacaj, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3423586\n  lng: 19.830966\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476066259.jpg?k=1ac4c1c7c983bd908758490544996ddba823c83969b7bae47d530c5825429af0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483535790.jpg?k=e58ec88a3024ead61efb77e61527fa135426fe3334b74397991f61c894bbb3aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483533158.jpg?k=669eb2e0dc516b18b2af0ed2628afd927c4b0a6408f0727c2a750d494dddf8cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483533489.jpg?k=3a52425295500219866d8ee2857bbd93e78f0a8c70c99c3e9205219a5c044b3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483534968.jpg?k=a3fea5483f5878750d82e0c43b606e6c2cd1ef845529b20cf5c4ae8c41761d25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483535785.jpg?k=1ee2e9b20b80933304f6231c9e49df66f9f741af88e51ba14d22acdc794150f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483505492.jpg?k=3d8f3d7a6565f7172c3c189c43668f64d8bcc5222ea301115685ef1fde5762b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483534942.jpg?k=f0184d2ce602a35f5dfe6b90dea18b038b88f77499b55c6dd23bfdc6054ea91c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483534769.jpg?k=da6356d14684645afd40bad2bee38a6b724bd91d954da014910bc3f1a1ccaa78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 150 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Viktoria 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 950 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean Fantastic location Modern building Friendly host”"\n  - name: "Tony"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was excellent, it has everything you could want, the apartment block is clean and has a lift. The shops are close only 5 or 10 minutes walk. Jimmy the host is great and very friendly, if you have a question or a problem he will go...”"\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“I really enjoyed my stay in this flat.
- apartment is brand new with everything I needed.
- owner is super nice and welcoming.
- got Ac, fridge, electric stove, tv , super fast WiFi, washing machine and clean sheets.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-stela.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all guests. Positioned strategically, it is a mere stone's throw away from significant cultural landmarks, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for culture enthusiasts eager to explore the rich heritage of the area.

The apartment itself is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a cozy bedroom ensuring a restful night's sleep. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi allows guests to stay connected and entertained throughout their stay. Moreover, the balcony offers serene garden views, providing a perfect backdrop for a relaxing evening after a day of exploration.

For those interested in shopping or exploring local craftsmanship, the Toptani Shopping Centre and the historic Tanners' Bridge are located just a short distance away, offering a glimpse into the local lifestyle and an opportunity to pick up unique souvenirs.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 14 km away, making Guest House Stela an accessible option for international travelers. Whether visiting for leisure or cultural exploration, Guest House Stela promises a welcoming and comfortable stay in Tirana.