---\ntitle: "Guest House Pulake"\ndescription: "Guest House Pulake in Berat stands out as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483355230.jpg?k=af0e9bc257482ecc5f86817ae2e68eea00fcd6d1d207686cf0326df84c356768&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-pulake\naddress: "Rruga dhimiter kolea berat, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.69789913\n  lng: 19.96142952\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483355230.jpg?k=af0e9bc257482ecc5f86817ae2e68eea00fcd6d1d207686cf0326df84c356768&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484082436.jpg?k=1ce08a76168977425c8879adbefaa575ec8f35fa955eefe0ebe9fe854e8000a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467847626.jpg?k=906496a6cfc031937eb1b0c36db87225b2d34ecc32d261fb699a8092df97ca60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489396197.jpg?k=99c6dcf74ef8d128eb8104ed61723314bfb589c75e12c282a750d6388f453d8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467847631.jpg?k=55eac7b3f714b846bd9a07d4725b35230f7be8fd429ca16fd9f41ff6b67836fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468157438.jpg?k=95d0d83b500be05b8510ed5ada23b4a3a33094f15b98d28d2de3e35d3ae2b18c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Studio with Sofa Bed"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Ajika 100 m"\n  - "Pizza Aksa 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Megan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Beautiful and huge room! The house is big, clean and comfortable. We were able to see the historical center from our balcony and also Tomorr mountain. Near to center 10-15 min walk. Safe house with security cameras and the owner was nice and she...”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“I stayed at Guest House Pulake recently, and it was a delightful experience. This hidden gem is conveniently close to the center, making it a perfect choice for exploring the area. The serene ambiance and attentive staff made my stay truly enjoyable.”"\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hosts are very nice! Breakfast was good and delicious. The house is very pretty and the private balcony was really good. We were very happy that there was some ambient lighting in the room because this is hard to find in Albania ;) there is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-pulake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guest House Pulake are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room features air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with slippers, a hot tub, bidet, and bath, blending luxury with the comforts of home. For those in need of it, the guest house also offers the option to provide towels and linens for a small supplement, ensuring guests have everything they need for a restful stay.

Adding to the convenience, complimentary private parking and free WiFi are available to all guests, making it easy to stay connected and plan day trips around Berat. The presence of a desk in every unit also caters to the needs of business travelers or those who wish to document their adventures.

Situated 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guest House Pulake serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the surrounding area. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find this guest house to be a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and serene beauty.