---\ntitle: "Guest House Vasili"\ndescription: "Guest House Vasili emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Berat, boasting panoramic mountain views and modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923119.jpg?k=a3559ab70f7b263c88630443dca745455e1af9f7a6caf93241f120c84617cc5a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-vasili\naddress: "Lagjia Kala (Inside the Castle), 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70819551\n  lng: 19.94564493\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 258\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923119.jpg?k=a3559ab70f7b263c88630443dca745455e1af9f7a6caf93241f120c84617cc5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923117.jpg?k=d2ed3fc10f8a29a05db21b89ac743c6bf3e9d43b04a245ae38cefbb8c84df260&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923128.jpg?k=776ff763c31e29b22a673b9264cfdc875cc917bb99e51060a994163544cccc9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923133.jpg?k=99068b0253cc432e260453e29b6d452131c8cab478547da275bc665e03c35617&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147795735.jpg?k=9e20170348e7d491855a44dddefefe9ede1cd527797eabb274a81b841f2f85e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105923144.jpg?k=e3d108157f6a3796204b35e2330d2e1b0524d53794aed428d10b6e8c3353aff5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Next Door Private Bathroom"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Next Door Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar 10 m"\n  - "Temi Albanian Food 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jui"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“There is nothing bad I can say about our stay at this guest house. Freddy, Nina and Mikael just made our stay so beautiful, homely, comforting, refreshing and full of warmth. The homemade breakfast every morning, with a large spread of various...”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nina and her family are excellent hosts, maybe the english is not perfect, but we were able to communicate the basics and more- we felt really welcomed there, and the location is great”"\n  - name: "Simone"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Super friendly welcome with Raki and Jam, authentic room in amazing Berat Castle, small balcony, breakfast on terrace with nice view”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-vasili.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guest House Vasili are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of relaxation, featuring a wardrobe for personal belongings, air conditioning for those warm Berat days, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with slippers for that extra touch of home. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a terrace, offering guests a private outdoor space to soak in the serene mountainous backdrop. Comfort is paramount, with every unit supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those eager to explore, the guest house is conveniently located to offer sightseeing tours, inviting guests to discover the rich history and culture of the surrounding area. And for those journeying from afar, the property provides a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 117 km away, ensuring a hassle-free connection to this tranquil retreat.

Guest House Vasili stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury for travelers visiting the picturesque city of Berat.