---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Space"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Space emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Përmet, located within the picturesque Gjirokastër County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468681080.jpg?k=c4d8baff9d4badc895ae1177459c27c55160053187e2f99317f9e6ec7bb5f75e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-space\naddress: "Lagja e Re Permet Albania Lagja e Re Permet, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.22883693\n  lng: 20.36283735\nprice: "US$23"\npriceFrom: 23\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468681080.jpg?k=c4d8baff9d4badc895ae1177459c27c55160053187e2f99317f9e6ec7bb5f75e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489960168.jpg?k=c5452d2a0286b576c7dfcc79c5a53a9ba9c68b3858d44a42e149bc768356e248&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490481168.jpg?k=e33d0ca351744f8fc7b7cfa3ff1fbd8065a53f3d0454c6d1089db37d66565417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490482692.jpg?k=229397f724bdab736862b8f5c4793906dce80c3d69faf1b7e84f8c95818f5b8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490483142.jpg?k=eefd01c205fc1608d54fe7ed979dd5c6d6183577aa077b0302cf15cf299f7171&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489958443.jpg?k=1555ee6c1829a55f3b5c2c87a281ad868b329d37ba6982b64e4a3b7efc8b71a5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Garden View"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cabeli 350 m"\n  - "Sky 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fran"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Cosy family home with comfortable beds and well set up for communication despite the language barriers.
We were able to make ourselves a tasty dinner and stayed nice and warm despite the cold wet weather outside.”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Quiet, and out of town, I loved the house cat, the house is was clean super cute! Private parking, aircon worked a treat and the balcony overlooking the river. I loved hearing the moving water through the night.”"\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and fully equipped apartment with balcony garden and cat.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-space-permet.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Space are thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts including air conditioning, ensuring a restful stay. Guests will appreciate the convenience of complimentary private parking and free WiFi, which are available throughout the property.

Each room is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring amenities such as a kettle for a warm cup of tea or coffee. Select rooms elevate the experience further with pool views, while all guests can enjoy the privacy of en-suite bathrooms equipped with showers.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Guesthouse Space invites guests to relax and connect with nature. An outdoor fireplace provides a cozy gathering spot, while the picnic area is ideal for enjoying meals al fresco against the backdrop of the surrounding landscape.

Located 89 km from Ioannina Airport, Guesthouse Space offers a peaceful haven that is both accessible and removed from the hustle and bustle, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.