---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Noan&Yliona"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Noan&Yliona emerges as a serene retreat, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience, just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492592180.jpg?k=8c5924e287b153639683083c2fb732713d8a560510fe6d8f95813ca5ebb18152&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-noan-yliona\naddress: "SH81, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76560784\n  lng: 20.00143567\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492592180.jpg?k=8c5924e287b153639683083c2fb732713d8a560510fe6d8f95813ca5ebb18152&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524311046.jpg?k=4bfaa15ee07a54e58ff72859f61d418e5e08d67065ab9d27bcedd72aec5571f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521155807.jpg?k=6c22042ed44206c46d7d30f5d65aa760eee4f56aac39a2bb9f410ff347128f56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521155809.jpg?k=c97d1c4b24a9987443a5f73314a139f094f81bb864e5891e0cf50f5d733858eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524311633.jpg?k=a9c1ecce962ff13fbfd927fd9338fd4a1fcf481c22a6c6836967772ba5ad544b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494180033.jpg?k=8a9116603633cde48605c47779abb7d0be133372b2b72131ac6107dcf8e6ff8f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Studio"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill Zone 10 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 200 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ebony"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owner is lovely, very kind and helpful. Beautiful garden and room with a bathroom and small kitchen area. Great if you are a couple or solo travelling.”"\n  - name: "Shamma"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“_ The personnel are very polite and very helpful.
_ The view of the garden is very beautiful.
_ Private parking inside.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gueshouse-noan-amp-yliona.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within the complex is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting air-conditioned rooms that ensure a cool respite from the sun-drenched days. The presence of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the seamless experience, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the area with ease.

Attention to detail is evident in every corner of Guesthouse Noan&Yliona. The units are equipped with terraces that overlook a tranquil inner courtyard, inviting guests to immerse themselves in moments of quiet reflection. Inside, the apartments feature flat-screen TVs for entertainment, well-appointed kitchens for those who love to cook, and private bathrooms complete with showers and hair dryers. The convenience of having a fridge, stovetop, kitchenware, and a kettle at one's disposal cannot be overstated, making these apartments feel like a home away from home. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels underscores the establishment's commitment to guest comfort.

The property's garden offers a peaceful oasis, perfect for relaxation and soaking in the natural beauty of the surroundings. 

Situated merely 700 meters from Paradise Beach and less than a kilometer from Lori Beach, Guesthouse Noan&Yliona is ideally located for beach enthusiasts looking to experience the area's most beautiful shores. For those arriving from afar, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 92 km away, ensures a relatively hassle-free journey to this delightful haven.

In summary, Guesthouse Noan&Yliona presents a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of home, making it a standout option in the picturesque locale of Ksamil.