---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Villa Joanna&Mattheo"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Villa Joanna&Mattheo emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Sarandë, Vlorë County, located a scenic 35 km journey from Corfu Town."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167720685.jpg?k=dfac936c24ba46b14a1b325d714cee6d3d30f049b340ef12bf7ed441a2d2df9b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-villa-joanna-mattheo\naddress: "Rruga 40 shenjtoret, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86949804\n  lng: 20.02601624\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 131\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167720685.jpg?k=dfac936c24ba46b14a1b325d714cee6d3d30f049b340ef12bf7ed441a2d2df9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421958487.jpg?k=125e2ae3216c5c6b11506c44b74cf61d98d66fc92f12fb256f2db87e0565ed21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263043376.jpg?k=9fc3cc47785f58e849ef2ee8aef02473c99e73cabcc5dd010d99854ae643c153&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167720494.jpg?k=fb2afa41b9d91646c73790c52f04d133bcbe1ae2e54131f86405cdc441a66b49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421958375.jpg?k=e016da16b00b05ef7dada125dbbbf24d6c69ffbf4f8743e346d9790668d79af1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389663264.jpg?k=5fea870cb07f6a0bdf04167a1fadeb026607a33594dfa73098787a0bb912576c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtepia E Totes 200 m"\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 900 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bronwyn"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“What a wonderful establishment. Like a family away from home. Breakfast amazing & we were also lucky enough to experience Mila's home cooking fresh fish for dinner. They go out of their way to make your stay as comfortable as possible. So lovely.”"\n  - name: "Tine"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“15 minutes walk from Castle, 10 minutes from grand bazaar. Lovely hosts. Very clean. Good beads. Cozy room with refrigerator and air-conditioning.
Typical breakfast with good bread, tomato, cucumber, Thea and jam. Parking included.”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The hosts were very kind and accommodating. The room was clean and the breakfast was excellent. The entire environment was very relaxed and full of greenery.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthause-villa-joanna-amp-mattheo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Joanna&Mattheo are thoughtfully designed, with select rooms offering either garden or city views, ensuring a picturesque start to every day. Each room comes equipped with a private bathroom and benefits from complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and comfortable throughout their visit.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, the guesthouse offers a shared lounge, fostering a sense of community and relaxation. For the adventurous at heart, Villa Joanna&Mattheo provides water sports facilities, along with bike and car hire services, making exploration of the surrounding area both easy and accessible. The allure of Glyfada beach lies a mere 50km away, while the stunning landscapes of Paleokastritsa are just 52 km from the doorstep, promising unforgettable day trips and adventures.

Guesthouse Villa Joanna&Mattheo stands out as a perfect blend of convenience, comfort, and adventure, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.