---\ntitle: "Guest House and Tavern Leo"\ndescription: "Guest House and Tavern Leo stands as a charming retreat in Sarandë, located within the scenic Vlorë County Region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69172938.jpg?k=630f872d96d9dd46f12c7ed9d029cae76a4c3f8451215647e5aa0c4bc9d6fe54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-and-tavern-leo\naddress: "67 Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87552582\n  lng: 20.01272301\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 107\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69172938.jpg?k=630f872d96d9dd46f12c7ed9d029cae76a4c3f8451215647e5aa0c4bc9d6fe54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102117760.jpg?k=758e6edf75ee5e33102a748912dd44eeb3c0c732447561ad836c2a6913d4a128&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102117908.jpg?k=150bb1a8c7e6da53abe3a498f35526c558f880c6cfdbabf5dbe21eaefcaf89db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102117858.jpg?k=a5c78c4ebcab64f12386aaccc779b191b1815aeb5f986947baceb863566af74c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102118152.jpg?k=688cdf668e36f129f3a99a6a47e475870732de9edc8e3916dc46b52a6c69d1a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102117814.jpg?k=516f304f3f684320a099ca3ee10ced058ef600f150d0e8dc66b8d0db71dc0c0f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (91 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Three-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Nona Qebaptore 150 m"\n  - "Isufi 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 800 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 950 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antoaneta"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The room was large and perfect for a stay in Sarande. The balcony is a big plus to enjoy the amazing view. Lovely hosts who did everything to ensure a memorable stay for their guests.
Beachfront is a 5 minutes downhill walk, supermarket,...”"\n  - name: "Abdo"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The host was amazing! He helped us every time we asked. He also gave us useful info about the city. There is a magnificent terrace with a view which is perfect for taking pictures at sunset and having a drink with your company. There is a...”"\n  - name: "Kevin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, spacious and had all amenities needed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-and-tavern-leo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDining at the on-site restaurant is a treat, with the establishment priding itself on serving up delectable local cuisine in a cozy setting. For those seeking relaxation within their accommodations, certain rooms are thoughtfully designed with a seating area, ideal for unwinding with a cup of tea while soaking in the breathtaking views of the sea or the lush garden. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests will find free WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring that staying in touch or sharing moments is effortlessly possible. Entertainment needs are also met with the provision of a TV in the accommodations.

The convenience of guests is a top priority, evident from the round-the-clock availability of the front desk, ready to assist with any needs or inquiries. For culture and history enthusiasts, the UNESCO-protected Stone City of Gjirokastra lies just 60 km away, presenting an excellent opportunity for a day trip to explore the rich heritage of the region.

Guest House and Tavern Leo emerges as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm during their visit to Sarandë.