---\ntitle: "Guesthouse & hostel Lorenc"\ndescription: "Guesthouse & Hostel Lorenc emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Berat, positioned less than a kilometer from the UNESCO-protected Mangalem district."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47451782.jpg?k=a04e05a4de10bff26c7a13949f345331c03805fbc5c1b6b35622b728cd6ede87&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-hostel-lorenc\naddress: "Rruga Stiliano Bandilli ,entrance 18, 4444 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70260063\n  lng: 19.94613536\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 236\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47451782.jpg?k=a04e05a4de10bff26c7a13949f345331c03805fbc5c1b6b35622b728cd6ede87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471040939.jpg?k=f56a3ea8e2ee90254648bb1a42290a10a059062c8fd24ae2b010decddc75d36a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471036876.jpg?k=74f7d1e4eb86095de0477fc6a9892d1731c5f147f656537b3117fe19fac518d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33719195.jpg?k=b0d5d731070c40cdbea08fd280ba1fc92648c7ef43294d63503e9db70a4a122c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/50209269.jpg?k=e7d5a5ef4e936abd14093c9218f6d368774a6e90394a22b0f266b6ce6217df70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471040950.jpg?k=392c851b05df1b875b96e55aef3feab32d9fca1fe45156876ce5c68a3494b1cc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Classic Family Room"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aoife"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“I had a really wonderful time at lorencs guest house, it was a beautiful and clean accommodation with a wonderful atmosphere! Lorenc was very accommodating and clearly cared very much about the comfort of his guests. He had a lot of knowledge...”"\n  - name: "Georgina"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very authentic feeling, nice and various breakfasts, playful cats around, helpful hosts, much to see. My kids loved it so much. These old houses naturally lack some of the comfort and fanciness of modern apartments, but this is just what makes...”"\n  - name: "Hertta"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Amazing old building, wonderful garden, really good food, home made wine and raki. Lorenc is the best and he really takes care of his guests. Also sings and plays so well. Place is really clean and cosy. This was second time we visited there and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lorenc-guesthouse-amp-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Lorenc range from spacious rooms to dormitories, all thoughtfully furnished to ensure comfort, with bed linen provided. While the rooms share bathroom facilities, they boast captivating views of the Berat Citadel, adding a touch of historical charm to the stay.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Lorenc Hostel enhances the guest experience with its on-site restaurant and bar, promising delightful culinary experiences without the need to venture far. For those arriving by air, Tirana Airport is located 113 kilometers away, making the hostel accessible for international travelers. Additionally, the convenience of complimentary public parking nearby adds to the appeal for those exploring by car.

With its combination of serene garden spaces, comfortable accommodations, and convenient amenities, Guesthouse & Hostel Lorenc stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking an authentic Berat experience.