---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Skender Selimaj"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Skender Selimaj stands as a serene retreat in the heart of Valbonë, offering more than just a place to stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304393762.jpg?k=fc22c8ac910455c655e42fcf11bd975674c6b509c5e77f4868d663a08832ad1b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-skender-selimaj\naddress: "Rruga Azem Hajdari, 8701 Valbonë, Albania"\ncity: "Valbonë"\nlocation: "Valbonë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.44608898\n  lng: 19.88513067\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 544\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304393762.jpg?k=fc22c8ac910455c655e42fcf11bd975674c6b509c5e77f4868d663a08832ad1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378233446.jpg?k=c26368eb84e50c200f88b04372bfddb62b4b31d5cf0c5a115a490672c94ec01c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378234017.jpg?k=3db99dc488b01a017a83509941a2f783ff542400d87159d567bc749163d95133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378636038.jpg?k=8bc44b7ab982ee707887bd2019eaed38fabb94b3197094aabc36937c309bb62c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378233769.jpg?k=d9d9d18945d36f49c11138d8a7d77106acc7427c296e254426960a998a35dd48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378233743.jpg?k=d7c2efdc5f25dc9d01539c66c5a0584e27c6159cce46bfe3e0b7af42907ecba4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308193993.jpg?k=e39dcf6bf423eea3485d100e187ab64df9067c1eff15fde4dff49b20292541f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482227019.jpg?k=644797882acd7805cfab24b4d616d5757b9a7e41d4180f277b71ae0f43007244&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485727335.jpg?k=645b84f0d8c598cb1787a4df2da49d135bbf4fd4b0a79d16324ccc3e9938560b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tahirs Café & Guesthouse 1.1 km"\n  - "Fusha E Gjes 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 2.7 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 3.9 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 9 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 10 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 11 km"\n  - "Nacionalni park Prokletije 14 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 52 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 95 km"\n  - "Pristina International Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The owners (lovely couple) is so nice, although they barely speak any English. Breakfast and dinner are very good, we were so full after dinner. The location is around 35-40min of walk from the trail, so it is not such a problem, they can even...”"\n  - name: "Dalley"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The hosts were absolutely lovely, helpful and shared their placid farming lifestyle with us.”"\n  - name: "Malin"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything you can wish for when you are hiking through Albania. Small and clean room. The food was great and more than enough. Also gluten free was no problem!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-skender-selimaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Skender Selimaj are thoughtfully designed with soundproofing, ensuring a peaceful and private experience for every guest. Each room is well-appointed with essential comforts such as a private bathroom, cozy slippers, and fresh bed linen, promising a restful night's sleep amidst the tranquility of Valbonë.

Mornings at the guesthouse begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The on-site restaurant, a hit among both guests and locals, serves up delectable local cuisine for lunch, dinner, and brunch in a family-friendly atmosphere. Whether it's a hearty meal to start the day or a sumptuous dinner to cap off an evening, the culinary offerings here are sure to satisfy any palate.

For those who prefer to spend their time outdoors, the guesthouse offers a picturesque picnic area and a terrace that boasts stunning views of the surrounding mountains and garden. It's the perfect backdrop for a leisurely day spent in the embrace of nature.

Located 147 km from Pristina International Airport, Guesthouse Skender Selimaj is a gem waiting to be discovered by those venturing into Valbonë. Whether it's the allure of the mountains, the warmth of the guesthouse's hospitality, or the charm of local cuisine, this accommodation promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.