---\ntitle: "Guest House Luli"\ndescription: "Guest House Luli in Berat emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and a touch of adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357068451.jpg?k=1afaba82b33c12498486f8c71cc13f837a8236277d3c5e9966b39b8464b81c44&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-luli\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Komnena Lagjia Kala Inside Berat Castle, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70903685\n  lng: 19.94506822\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357068451.jpg?k=1afaba82b33c12498486f8c71cc13f837a8236277d3c5e9966b39b8464b81c44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527261635.jpg?k=ba775c6f2e609cdce28d7dad50aa1e43ee21085de3d74aa9683a8d1149db78fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363015249.jpg?k=57779bb484dd3ab4ab74ed8f715fa6fa8a322193b8af2d60a1cca100248e00ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357068317.jpg?k=5163cca97436cb86d4c9cbdd5f8fbf3b23ac81874662f71a4e44f8a92d5a19a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357068487.jpg?k=50f17f1658e17506cc60b5b074495850872d2eafeb7976fc6745ab4d2b850f34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527266224.jpg?k=f2cb7d1c830a4d6df70372b50fd20ec5bc9c37af2eaf5faaa6ecb0c5eab1eb33&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mbrica Bar Restorant Grill 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Tradicional Antipatrea 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jesmina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location of the property was very easy to find and the place was clean and pretty.We had a very good time and we’re looking forward to visit it again.The family in the guesthouse was very kind and cooked an amazing food”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“We've had a fantastic stay at Guest House Luli!
It's ideally located in the beautiful Berat castle, and we could visit all the points of interest by foot. But most importantly the hosts are so lovely, we left at home from the first moment....”"\n  - name: "Pauline"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Nice house with a great view, the room was really clean. The location is perfect. The family is lovely and they gave us really good recommandations !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-luli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts well-appointed units, each equipped with air conditioning and a satellite flat-screen TV, ensuring a comfortable and connected stay. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with a bidet and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. Select rooms elevate the offering with the addition of a balcony, providing an intimate space for guests to soak in the surroundings.

Connectivity is seamless throughout, with free WiFi available, allowing guests to share their experiences or stay in touch with loved ones. The outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals amidst the natural beauty that envelops the property, enhancing the dining experience with stunning views.

Situated 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guest House Luli facilitates ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition from the hustle and bustle of travel to the peace and calm of this Berat gem.