---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Bimbli"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Bimbli emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed garden, terrace, and on-site dining options."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68197536.jpg?k=9045e83355c3cf627a85a027edf3617872d45ec93df379536b1fbfb8ba7f88ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-bimbli\naddress: "Rruga 10 Dëshmorët e Pojskës, 7300 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90182419\n  lng: 20.6623663\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 124\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68197536.jpg?k=9045e83355c3cf627a85a027edf3617872d45ec93df379536b1fbfb8ba7f88ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449876261.jpg?k=ddbef92753dfdd96777f82e5751e2e0de993a8d6126c7b2ac4460a7cb91c942f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449870799.jpg?k=c23c744872f048868d7abcfc085fa3d225d78b18ae59b4f714c1f66bfd39dc99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449870295.jpg?k=b23c15c87dcb75e65e218325974b2cb43b5e96bb73911bf6ba2d68f3b1bd03be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449877835.jpg?k=5f834339027f2033e5d6672ceba1172a279e09edf2d592162396c9a008c3db9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449878173.jpg?k=37eca14ec0790fd975997028852373a505496328bb234053af360b5aaf5987f5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Suite with Lake View"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rosa E Tymosur-Villa Borana 20 m"\n  - "Casabar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 650 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A great place to stay, great host, good breakfast, nice wine and a perfect location. Good menu and the bedrooms are spacious and comfortable. The host was very kind and gave fruit each evening I stayed in for a nice local wine. It is close to...”"\n  - name: "Petzsche"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything perfect, friendly staff , fabulous dinner and breakfast , huge room”"\n  - name: "Chrisy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location was excellent … right on the water and close to shops and bars/ restaurant wonderful staff and owners were friendly and very helpful.. room was clean - staff assisted with carting bags up and down the stairs”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bimbli-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Guesthouse Bimbli is thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay, featuring essential amenities such as a desk, TV, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a seamless experience. Select accommodations offer the added luxury of mountain views, inviting guests to unwind in the beauty of their surroundings. Practical conveniences such as room service and a 24-hour front desk underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Situated a mere 39 km from both Port Ohrid and the iconic Church of St. John at Kaneo, and with Ohrid Airport only 45 km away, Guesthouse Bimbli serves as a perfect gateway for those looking to immerse themselves in the region's rich history and natural beauty. Whether seeking a peaceful haven or a launchpad for adventure, this guesthouse promises an unforgettable stay.