---\ntitle: "Guest house Andersoni Dhoma plazhi Andersoni"\ndescription: "Guest House Andersoni Dhoma Plazhi Andersoni emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape, located just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363150838.jpg?k=54ae4188fe9ee3e6c858e84d6179bf9e7066e92b6122c0d09d78fb9175969ea4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-andersoni-dhoma-plazhi-andersoni\naddress: "Tale gryke lumi, Shën Ded Gjoni, Albania"\ncity: "Shën Ded Gjoni"\nlocation: "Shën Ded Gjoni"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.69809587\n  lng: 19.59396033\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363150838.jpg?k=54ae4188fe9ee3e6c858e84d6179bf9e7066e92b6122c0d09d78fb9175969ea4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432804201.jpg?k=653c398fb1f0c821bba3345e0f930671e0cbd9f9b41e3f1fedc7cad446e12583&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432137486.jpg?k=4b3fca883fbc4858b1e7593ac8b5540c07ac81a013b18866c757fcc1973ab294&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432804194.jpg?k=ceb2353e46ca6235292f9caa2a19e05107271cc68ab0bca946726eb763b41795&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432804028.jpg?k=0791cfa9d81b019cd1c694f3997afc167b7504b5699b8c215baf4cdd84ef17e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433575024.jpg?k=be62e57f49113f37a9a652154e299f90c2aedaeda973fc3f16b956a480d6432c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "King Room with Two King Beds"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Tale Beach 950 m"\n  - "Kune Beach 6 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 8 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Philip"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Nice place 10 minutes from the sea (Beach, market and restaurants). Very interesting bunkers close-by, friendly hosts and comfy rooms”"\n  - name: "Roland"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Had a good time with the owner Marku, he could really help us with all our needs, from cheap drinks, laundry or transportation, this helpful person always came up with a fitting solution. Also had some intersting conversations, thanks to the...”"\n  - name: "Tijn"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Their hospitality was very nice! They showed us around and we had many chats about their culture.
If we needed something they always stood ready to make our experience the best experience. The room itself suits all your needs and even in this...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dhoma-plazhi-prenga.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Andersoni Dhoma Plazhi are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each unit is equipped with a seating area for relaxation, a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge and kitchenware, for those who prefer to prepare their meals. The private bathrooms feature a hot tub and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the stay. Moreover, the convenience of a private entrance, along with the provision of bed linen and towels, underscores the guest house's commitment to privacy and comfort.

For those who enjoy starting their day with a freshly brewed cup of coffee or need to pick up essentials, the property houses a coffee shop and a minimarket. 

Situated 49 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and 43 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guest House Andersoni Dhoma Plazhi Andersoni also offers a paid airport shuttle service, making it an accessible haven for both local and international visitors. This guest house stands out as a meticulously designed retreat, promising an unforgettable stay by the sea.