---\ntitle: "Guest House Noah&Kristel"\ndescription: "Guest House Noah&Kristel emerges as a gem in the heart of Berat, boasting a recent renovation that has breathed new life into this charming aparthotel."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454816931.jpg?k=796126fa4e25368e65282332b3a416a59b8c01d039f0287e8bff862f2da8bf7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-noah-kristel\naddress: "Shkembi 3, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70460185\n  lng: 19.94403032\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 59\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454816931.jpg?k=796126fa4e25368e65282332b3a416a59b8c01d039f0287e8bff862f2da8bf7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456082369.jpg?k=301a728a94ce34d800f34c1e6046d2e851f496d1a6e0305aee736e308cae9e5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456357708.jpg?k=fb0cce8a0a03212c2c2eec1c240cb1fb9059807d587caa60b1cf7d8adf5f5180&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456357684.jpg?k=3cbef86de55307b94db34e09fd3b0fa7eb434e72427f567f2bb2f2396dfc32c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456082128.jpg?k=154f4d1e9d096f6b9ce35ba093584dc08a5239cc9d296f67c172e43e9f3eeca6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456082555.jpg?k=15c2db33e19c7935074ea9bc65e4174b2bb43418cfd2359758ba12e3f4be188a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456084746.jpg?k=1a4fe266e6455fd7e62e9249fbc25df7f1d729ba0f6e59c5fa858638bc4c9b21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456082257.jpg?k=163ba915e236f0d3a15b3f02f4273b58450191d2c4d3b4335b4c9ac9fe5d2007&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456081689.jpg?k=4dd968a5bc88fc0954f414d94a50e6911a3ea87834b88ec1c0afe515c79da721&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Haxhialiu 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Veranda 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Akiva"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Incredibly kind hosts — absolutely delicious fresh oranges, kumquats and lemons from the property. The rooms were simple and comfortable and the shower had great pressure and heat. The view and location are amazing.”"\n  - name: "Blanca"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The owners were really nice. We arrived a bit late and they were waiting for us, and helped as to park the car in the garage. They tried to communicate with us, to help us to find a place to have dinner. Also, they brought us some watermelon and a...”"\n  - name: "Elisa"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“We very much enjoyed our stay at Noah&Kristel. The owners are very helpful (parking the car for us, starting the washing machine, etc). The location of the apartment is good and close to the city center. Everything is clean. The apartment has a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/noah-amp-kristel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Guest House Noah&Kristel is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring a terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views, perfect for those moments of reflection or sipping a morning coffee. Inside, guests are treated to a suite of modern amenities including a cable flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, microwave, and fridge, ensuring that every culinary need is met. The inclusion of a pristine bathroom equipped with a bidet and hairdryer adds a touch of home comfort.

For those looking to dine under the stars, an outdoor dining area is available, providing an idyllic setting for memorable meals. The aparthotel also prioritizes privacy and convenience, offering private check-in and check-out services, along with diligent housekeeping to ensure a pristine environment throughout the stay.

Situated 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guest House Noah&Kristel represents an ideal choice for travelers in search of a peaceful haven that does not compromise on accessibility. This aparthotel stands out as a preferred destination for those eager to explore the enchanting city of Berat, promising an experience that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of attentive service.