---\ntitle: "Guest's Apartament"\ndescription: "Guest's Apartment emerges as a serene retreat offering breathtaking lake views and a promise of privacy with its unique private entrance."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412464012.jpg?k=466eecd66cdfd1cc4994a18c71a55969427e90292f8bf58f22a7bef47105204e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-s-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Gani Butka, Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89783499\n  lng: 20.66642301\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 166\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412464012.jpg?k=466eecd66cdfd1cc4994a18c71a55969427e90292f8bf58f22a7bef47105204e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323460592.jpg?k=5d9155096cca22608fa9baf99d4b28f60791e8292f8ffaff5ee61cbc7c739fe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497877907.jpg?k=9219a8c070d09624cb20e819c1dbff7fbbce835d28a4ea7ca2ca75a2981f4836&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497877548.jpg?k=1660150a686e302b5cefda71fb6e69bf6f2c760eeaef1bd31d1aeff0b2718d3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456726452.jpg?k=c884558042214101ef32aa7aa1005dc4e3a3d518bfc6f8fbf39d020bd0bfc9ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456717468.jpg?k=06a4ceffa88fb4467c68822d6f63bc5c5ed48b0885d46deb6ed64b04fe12b9fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458800405.jpg?k=874e206b92e819a531ede64d947ad531556d5a2eac35cf3b9fd1691e7b8ceacc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524745861.jpg?k=e311b6e978dd6988a15ebb67b2e63f525c5697dacc497ed41ae85a0cf36dc2d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497877679.jpg?k=40e69f2ffb972b0e462e2c2a176f4bfa6386d2a4927ad33b3a107d7c02999011&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bulevardi 400 m"\n  - "The Change 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 250 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Roland helped a lot. He gave us ideas. We rented a bike from him. He always responded quickly.”"\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Amazing view over the mountains from the bed, sparkling clean apartment with all amenities even a great coffee machine, the bed was very comfortable and we slept very well after a great night out at the annual wine festival. Most of all though we...”"\n  - name: "Eileen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was spotlessly clean and extremely comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pallat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit within the apartment complex is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a wardrobe, coffee machine, dishwasher, oven, and safety deposit box. Entertainment and connectivity are ensured with the provision of a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi. The charm of the rooms is further enhanced by a balcony that presents guests with stunning mountain vistas, inviting them to unwind in the tranquility of nature.

For those who love to cook, the apartment doesn’t disappoint. A fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, fridge, and stovetop, alongside a dining area, makes meal preparation a delight. The convenience of having bed linen and towels provided in every unit adds to the hassle-free experience.

Guest's Apartment doesn’t just stop at providing a comfortable stay. It goes a step further by offering both bicycle and car rental services, facilitating exploration and adventure for the guests. Whether it's a visit to the Bay of Bones, located 22 km away, or a trip to the Early Christian Basilica, 38 km from the property, guests have the freedom to explore the rich cultural and natural heritage of the area.

Located 45 km from Ohrid Airport, the apartment serves as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration. Whether it's the allure of the lake, the mountains, or the historical sites, Guest's Apartment offers a perfect blend of accessibility and serenity for travelers seeking an unforgettable stay.