---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Tropojë e Vjeter"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Tropojë e Vjeter emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Tropojë, located within the picturesque Kukës County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467769874.jpg?k=d44a975449d9b80588a531bfcadb6dd47e9da1de805d212a8c02dd641ce87760&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-tropoj-e-vjeter\naddress: "Rruga ali rrustemi, 8703 Tropojë, Albania"\ncity: "Tropojë"\nlocation: "Tropojë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.4042818\n  lng: 20.16353357\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467769874.jpg?k=d44a975449d9b80588a531bfcadb6dd47e9da1de805d212a8c02dd641ce87760&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793954.jpg?k=b3af22a0f1a0f8b847dd0e5584b271ea05b06a470cd584a6c3f6c25da1a5337b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793949.jpg?k=1bdd224644d30b6378749e9192bd5de71e73ccaff3d4e459c030be1dc2cb41ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793956.jpg?k=3e4fd747109722f1f03f8628e081e9ade7f73404a779fb1f5b633507eb70d16d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467769983.jpg?k=30026edd03daf6740aef36246dda118b0e5f057fb16b0de005861bd9b71420da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793952.jpg?k=805aa6b79da34b0c37aa7504aa593db5ef9e470fb0cdf01580e2b7c9967e9bf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793962.jpg?k=d789c5137331471c3b502ee90ab0b7715bedb5c609ade6fe38bf906b2df709bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467769949.jpg?k=f37d58a9c90d5410b1197c4dedd6865e73705bf741f0f43cb5a2c259db27f1a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480793945.jpg?k=b7374b284b6c300ed801d34b105f14c5cc26a9188c5d955c94a366ae1ecec46e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Caffe Inesi 500 m"\n  - "Kafe 4.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 7 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 9 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Pristina International Airport 73 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 75 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Big"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“My stay was way better than expected. The room was very clean, although with few appliances, but this is because the place is new. I expect that the hosts will continue to develop the place. Everything is very clean and nice. I would just...”"\n  - name: "Luc"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The warm welcome of the hostess!
Beautiful view.
The calm that radiates the region.
Nice and way too much food!”"\n  - name: "Marton"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Almost brand new, clean room and marvelous breakfast full of artisanal products. Also the owners are very kind people. :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-tropoje-e-vjeter.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a verdant garden setting, where the cares of the world seem to dissolve. The property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it invites guests into a realm of comfort with its family-friendly rooms, some of which feature balconies with breathtaking mountain views, ensuring a stay that is as refreshing as it is memorable.

The convenience at Guesthouse Tropojë e Vjeter extends beyond its scenic views and comfortable accommodations. With complimentary private parking and WiFi, guests are assured of a hassle-free experience from the moment they arrive. The in-house restaurant serves up delightful culinary experiences, while the on-site snack bar is perfect for those peckish moments throughout the day.

For those who love the great outdoors, the guesthouse's picnic area offers the perfect setting for a day spent in nature's embrace. Whether it's basking in the sun on the terrace or exploring the surrounding beauty, there's something for everyone.

Situated 112 km from Pristina International Airport, the guesthouse is accessible yet feels worlds away from the hustle and bustle, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both adventure and serenity in the enchanting landscapes of Kukës County.