---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Sara & Esi"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Sara & Esi stands out as a charming retreat in Korçë, offering a serene escape with its picturesque mountain and quiet street views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350932708.jpg?k=09a24e1efa7801f9b60a9cfd1e6aa703384c776e5d74b93906b5e2264bde1eaa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-sara-esi\naddress: "Rruga Niko Dodona, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61793612\n  lng: 20.77938211\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 187\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350932708.jpg?k=09a24e1efa7801f9b60a9cfd1e6aa703384c776e5d74b93906b5e2264bde1eaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280359694.jpg?k=5dd1a55424260e1ab83a8224d6f9ce4bea42d66c9f3e7d45c9f355f3d901aebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216483123.jpg?k=dfb28494021f01da4810e156d939c53714bb756b446876eeedbade262f126141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266850095.jpg?k=c4f03ff469cbe03322f556ddf600a89e44fcdfb1663a661405b789a21f816f81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216483212.jpg?k=552cca54c3d1ff098dbfc11427b99cf3643cd8dd395a1e6fa232d18c19fabe4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216483107.jpg?k=fd35515772b1596bb54808fb946efc60d56486cb7a72e0865941796f5e09b474&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216484112.jpg?k=5f68d256f5d42041c611d64875f4187a55bd96ac85c206660dc51277cf8adacf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280359634.jpg?k=b340b7d282fd19a6c610b824e272c8ff5e83622e4f4b3f4063b7c89f216c2397&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280359657.jpg?k=9f89088a53d17040f5524498004c65f6e90a8ba2a2084db390b2969da2797d0a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Room"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Fast Food & Pizza 40 m"\n  - "Momo 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 250 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vejseli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location,staff,so clean ,so comfortable ,very good value for money”"\n  - name: "Ραφαέλλα"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, everything.
Comfy room, in the center of the city, close from everything. Quiet. All the places of the guesthouse was clean, reception, stairs, rooms, dining room and outside. The host is a very kind man, friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Krenarp"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Location is in city center, everything is close range. Owner is so friendly and supportive. We visited Korça for one night in weekend, perfect for family.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-sara-amp-esi-korce.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Guesthouse Sara & Esi is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning and a cable flat-screen TV, ensuring guests enjoy a comfortable and relaxing environment. The private bathrooms, complete with showers and slippers, add a touch of home-like comfort. For those who value connectivity, complimentary WiFi is available throughout the property. Select rooms also boast balconies, offering guests a private space to unwind and soak in the surrounding beauty.

Families will appreciate the availability of spacious family rooms, designed to accommodate the needs of guests traveling with children. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of crisp bed linen and soft towels, enhancing the overall experience of a stay at this bed and breakfast.

Situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Guesthouse Sara & Esi is conveniently accessible for both domestic and international travelers. This property stands as a testament to the blend of traditional hospitality and modern amenities, making it an ideal choice for those seeking a tranquil retreat amidst the natural beauty of Korçë.