---\ntitle: "Guest House Gerard"\ndescription: "Guest House Gerard emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423133907.jpg?k=686976fe0b9c80a57bbb7fa018816ed7fcc84cd2806682e1356b3f3dabee36c7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-gerard\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsin, 9703 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76439668\n  lng: 19.99940431\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423133907.jpg?k=686976fe0b9c80a57bbb7fa018816ed7fcc84cd2806682e1356b3f3dabee36c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423387631.jpg?k=7a2b57e0960d73697df49ea3f6df8c830e97b4a2d3eca06be9d7d83c9d3861a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423387161.jpg?k=0ca500f5bcef561bb81f81b873201d0c984e13260fd4f81440a287f8165f6c88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423384280.jpg?k=0e512dd7f35a334eae914ed7984ed7938e47a0ceba65dd6fb44961bf4feedbda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423387450.jpg?k=7429b8daa76c163cf3256260a9f992b94a77235d07c1c299e4d075a307031434&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423384394.jpg?k=bcb4f51741179f6c8325d8d679cb5ec80255818fe7a4b4fccd99baf0571d4f82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423387876.jpg?k=7edf33ebb67ed88c7d8946d69084ad1bb98daa94cad4961109b696fffdd1cbee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423387167.jpg?k=798c572bc565527234e95069440efe3208a1547a0d95b3461220155964da9faa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467011554.jpg?k=44c0f879f5a5f0da7d6f91fa08258020e2ec82cbce8f791441739a7991a51813&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423384290.jpg?k=314d93ff214c0642296ab661c04c560b8460f1fa5da088fb4861d3c35d5e8630&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467011467.jpg?k=e3acaf288d0316fb076d351517b2ef79ec4dc3e6268fee2bdecb2c3e3c7e4caa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423133922.jpg?k=9c65f4c601c93cf61d1c844db0f26cdfa96f41d1ecd94e86cfbd51fa201394b6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 200 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lazarevska"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was as described in the booking, they gave us the room we asked for and it was identical as in the photos. The hosts were very nice and polite. We asked for a little oil and got whole mug and delicious homemade breakfast. We would...”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Amazing hosts, so friendly and polite! The place is amazing, it has everything you need, very clean and cozy. The location is close to everything so you can park the car and go everywhere by walk. Highly recommend it for your stay!”"\n  - name: "Fabrizio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“nice and clean apartment, well located with nice staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-gerard.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Guest House Gerard are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned unit is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, balcony, and a private bathroom with a shower. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, select units boast a well-fitted kitchen, complete with an oven and stovetop. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a comfortable stay.

One of the highlights of staying at Guest House Gerard is the delightful breakfast available daily. Guests can start their day with a buffet featuring an array of dishes, complemented by a selection of fruits and cheese, catering to diverse tastes and preferences.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to unwind in the shared lounge area or explore the serene garden. The guest house also offers barbecue facilities for those who enjoy outdoor dining. With the convenience of free private parking, full-day security, and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured a worry-free stay.

For travelers looking to explore beyond Ksamil, Guest House Gerard provides a paid airport shuttle service to Corfu International Airport, located 92 km away, adding an extra layer of convenience to the travel experience.

In summary, Guest House Gerard stands as a testament to the perfect balance of accessibility, comfort, and hospitality, making it a highly recommended choice for travelers visiting Ksamil.