---\ntitle: "Guest House Solive"\ndescription: "Guest House Solive, situated along the stunning Albanian Riviera, presents an inviting retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197441753.jpg?k=b43b1165364ac612d9296042ca9ee05746ac8d1c4fcd6f0bd2851098ffeeafec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-solive\naddress: "Potam, 4000 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.09962067\n  lng: 19.75351453\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 223\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197441753.jpg?k=b43b1165364ac612d9296042ca9ee05746ac8d1c4fcd6f0bd2851098ffeeafec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67054463.jpg?k=ad45b315023ff64957e63fd55cdd99071627ae1825d3d2efe713dc52d3e65bf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67054648.jpg?k=b7d6df5042a8980b6c09bf1d8eef7ab39b0b9f19ea6c46604c08855cbcfb8361&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275471804.jpg?k=6cbc61150423d62ab40365cd104dc19944c54b5c1046a1c3a0e2735ece33aca5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464237983.jpg?k=14bcaa442ba68feac74f480872376845e2eb36b83c36f8df07de1fcf758f951d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68712010.jpg?k=835ff4df7bffaab121b4722f5482d45df517586d7f6af3b7eab5e14732603a91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69568242.jpg?k=fa78f0d5194c408c3a640ab0d83fd4b495d3631cb3598aa53903de7c932a2fbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275470184.jpg?k=54e023993544a7c28562bb3d2893854bdaeda11fcf7d66afedb50bb989acdb18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464239019.jpg?k=33d890080c286cd410989e2dd1928f964e69b10a97233b4fa918c34cbabf80a0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "9 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Kreperi-CORNER 150 m"\n  - "Lamer 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Prinos Beach 200 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 450 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 500 m"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giannina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Set in beautiful gardens. Just a short walk away from the beach. The rooms were clean and comfy and staff were welcoming.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A lovely, homely guesthouse. Courtyard full of fruit trees and places to sit. Excellent dinner (£ extra) and breakfast. 3 mins from beach. Quiet and peaceful.”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“- friendly host who invited me for a rakia and to watch football
- great garden with lemons & pomegranates
- good breakfast for 600 lek
- good, clean room
- close to beach”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/solive.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe rooms at Guest House Solive are designed with the guest's utmost comfort in mind, featuring extra-long beds for a restful night's sleep and private entrances for an added layer of privacy. The en-suite bathrooms are well-equipped with modern amenities, including showers, bidets, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start to each day.

For those who enjoy outdoor dining, the guest house provides barbecue facilities, perfect for a leisurely evening under the stars. Additionally, the convenience of a minibar in each room adds a touch of luxury to the guest experience. The surrounding area is a treasure trove of culinary delights, with a variety of restaurants and bars just a short walk away, catering to all tastes and preferences.

Guest House Solive prides itself on offering exceptional service around the clock, with a 24-hour front desk ready to assist guests with any needs or inquiries. The property is enveloped by a lush garden, creating a serene oasis for guests to unwind. Moreover, complimentary parking is available, making it hassle-free for those traveling by car.

For adventurers eager to explore the local attractions, Porto Palermo Castle is conveniently located just a 10-minute drive from the guest house, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history. Although Tirana International Airport is 220 km away, the journey is well worth the distance for the unparalleled hospitality and serene setting that Guest House Solive provides.