---\ntitle: "Guest House Bake"\ndescription: "Guest House Bake emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the tranquility of mountain views and the convenience of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492341297.jpg?k=4e8aaa609e881724947eb96a8271d3706393d98bfcf6d3ed115a34d81465abb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-bake\naddress: "Bashkim Kokona Palorto Nr 14, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07455339\n  lng: 20.13451017\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 217\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492341297.jpg?k=4e8aaa609e881724947eb96a8271d3706393d98bfcf6d3ed115a34d81465abb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445834842.jpg?k=8fd1b741b2c7a5507da491b824bc071716f304ce660f385c914822a9d2a6eaf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317826157.jpg?k=e6f7d9358d121abf8e38801c9b99d8ebed9e410a672724b2c541f16c5b354151&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500903496.jpg?k=d9a2a0c19c571578a02b7d0225c93976aa9a28ec068868affa96ee23cf6db290&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500903471.jpg?k=453804c9fbf0217a50577d67f6b568340877a35bfcdd0341757dd689bac08172&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500903447.jpg?k=eb333ecb6f8677539cfb7826963b41760368a5aad94c00b66a7002093c118c9b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Bath"\n  - "Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Standard Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bake 100 m"\n  - "Bake 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Friendly caring staff. Clean spacious room with outside sitting area. Lovely view”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great for a two night stay and only a 5 minute walk to the old town. Views from the terrace are amazing”"\n  - name: "Gintare"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Thank you very much! Best place to stay i Gjirokaster! Amazing view from the roof, lovely staff, home made brakfast! Lovely 🥰 Rooms is big, ac working good, everything what you need! Thank you, thank you, thank you 🙏🏻”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-bake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on offering a range of facilities to ensure a comfortable stay, including complimentary private parking and WiFi access. Guests can expect attentive service with a 24-hour front desk, round-the-clock security, and a currency exchange service to meet all their needs.

Accommodations at Guest House Bake are thoughtfully designed to cater to various preferences. Select units come equipped with air conditioning, a television, washing machine, and a coffee machine, alongside a fully equipped kitchen, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. Additionally, allergy-friendly options are available, highlighting the bed and breakfast's commitment to guest comfort.

For those eager to explore the surrounding area, Guest House Bake offers the convenience of packed lunches, perfect for day trips to nearby landmarks. Furthermore, the property features an in-house restaurant, allowing guests to savor delicious meals without having to leave the comfort of the premises.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Guest House Bake facilitates travel arrangements with a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free journey to and from the property. This bed and breakfast stands out as a delightful choice for travelers seeking a blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience.