---\ntitle: "Guest House PNM"\ndescription: "Guest House PNM stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520310374.jpg?k=3db0410fdfc8464761b95fe17376d2e52e44ccf72afb380f7db6cc1cc829ef0b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-pnm\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31269006\n  lng: 19.47964845\nprice: "US$26"\npriceFrom: 26\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520310374.jpg?k=3db0410fdfc8464761b95fe17376d2e52e44ccf72afb380f7db6cc1cc829ef0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520310425.jpg?k=1ad8a3079e19fd63b5b662253932431f33db8bb92ca9af397ac542eab359fa9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520310433.jpg?k=c26c7eedfb385673303337bc96f0b7cbbc4bfd34ed690ce9c1fd927b2f9a13d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520310440.jpg?k=45fea07d271390c674bcfc99a15446ccfcc1fd63b2b021759fc744f6101014cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520310460.jpg?k=7e278deebee8d980e5cfd5c45f8ddc5560397c4400f31702e7db749728e217ab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Ristorante Koral 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Vushtrria 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-pnm.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with a host of amenities designed to make their stay as seamless as possible. From the convenience of free private parking to the modern necessity of complimentary WiFi, every detail has been thoughtfully considered. The shared kitchen facilities and the availability of a minimarket on-site underscore the guest house's commitment to guest comfort and autonomy.

The rooms at Guest House PNM are a testament to functional elegance, equipped with flat-screen TVs and complemented by essential services such as bed linen, towels, and an optional dry cleaning service. Security is paramount, with full-day monitoring and a currency exchange service for international travelers, ensuring a worry-free stay.

For those seeking to immerse themselves in the local culture and landscape, the guest house is perfectly positioned as a gateway to a range of activities. From leisurely walking tours to more adventurous bike tours, there's something for every guest. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, while the garden offers a tranquil retreat for relaxation and contemplation.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Guest House PNM serves as an ideal base for exploring further afield. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views from 41 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 7.6 km journey, are easily accessible. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 32 km from the guest house, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Guest House PNM is not just a place to stay; it's a destination in its own right, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and access to the rich tapestry of experiences that Durrës and its surroundings have to offer.