---\ntitle: "Guest House Sabriu"\ndescription: "Guest House Sabriu emerges as a charming retreat located just 32 km from the historic Monastery of Saint George the Victorious in Rabdisht."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164226779.jpg?k=bb7ec37f51633c062d554c1b46a24c076373df7c22a6f0e747ae779504ff0b66&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-sabriu\naddress: "Rabdisht, 8301 Rabdisht, Albania"\ncity: "Rabdisht"\nlocation: "Rabdisht"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.684522\n  lng: 20.495117\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164226779.jpg?k=bb7ec37f51633c062d554c1b46a24c076373df7c22a6f0e747ae779504ff0b66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356811209.jpg?k=5c494836c22243c36d34be689e7244435ece8b4af5db35755810c20acd3a59a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164235108.jpg?k=10dc10d846544cd8df95d4d472ea568db91e1db3fd9b0f295512b6e2801b06f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356811670.jpg?k=1887e6a036b6fcb69ca89347e63db3ddbf59539a3761abe227882e283ca7e77d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356812599.jpg?k=49ef8eec47a3befd16923b965c13b14369b827f5abdc0840c148d3dc339c39f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356811923.jpg?k=f7e18ac1c3f41f81f432814430b736a9b116d9df2adbe0efa5b10de9dcd622e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356811356.jpg?k=ad9e787debf30d71d18e370ee9ad6bcdd1137b6704d02dca1c3383691a893a5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262715952.jpg?k=1b3326b4d88ee449988c3b7680924552f05b4931345b09ada629ae5d03a4c9bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262715932.jpg?k=5b89559af07fd3e4c5a19bb7febe918441293fc086beeeeedff8784b6661a06b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Bed in 4-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Single Bed in 4-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zerja 4.8 km"\n  - "Restorant Oxhaku 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llixhat e Peshkopi 3.9 km"\n  - "Llixhat Peshkopi 3.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 59 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Skopje International Airport 98 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mblemieux"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“There are no right words to describe the experience we have had in this guest house! The hosts were these incredibly gentle, friendly people who went out of their way to make their guests feel comfortable in any respect. Their slogan 'come a...”"\n  - name: "Kiara"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Thanks to Sabri and Festa we had an amazing time in Rabdisht. The village is very beautiful, the Guesthouse very comfortable and clean and the owners are very positive, also willing to help you with anything. Festa cooked some amazing traditional...”"\n  - name: "Hannes"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“I'm so glad that i got the opportunity to visit this amazing place. A short distance up the mountain from the town below, lays the tranquil, peaceful village in which the accommodation is located, in beautiful surroundings; everything from the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-sabriu.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted by a welcoming 24-hour front desk, ready to attend to any needs or inquiries. The guest house takes pride in its communal outdoor fireplace, a perfect gathering spot for guests to unwind after a day of exploration. Additionally, the sun terrace invites guests to relax and soak up the serene atmosphere, while the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking adds to the hassle-free experience.

Accommodations at Guest House Sabriu are thoughtfully appointed, boasting either mountain or garden views that promise a tranquil backdrop for your stay. Each unit is equipped with a full kitchen, satellite TV, Xbox One, and essential appliances including a dishwasher, oven, and microwave, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a washing machine, private bathroom with walk-in shower, slippers, hair dryer, and an iPad further exemplifies the guest house's attention to detail and guest comfort.

For those eager to explore the surrounding area, Guest House Sabriu offers the convenience of packed lunches, perfect for day trips to nearby attractions. The property is an ideal base for guests interested in immersing themselves in the local culture and landscape, with walking tours readily available in and around Rabdisht.

Families will appreciate the on-site children's playground and picnic area, ensuring entertainment for guests of all ages. Located 90 km from Ohrid Airport, Guest House Sabriu represents a blend of convenience, comfort, and exploration, making it a preferred choice for travelers seeking an authentic and relaxing stay in Rabdisht.