---\ntitle: "Guest House and Hostel VAL-MAR"\ndescription: "Guest House and Hostel VAL-MAR, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër and a mere 45 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, presents travelers with a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465663657.jpg?k=0cf68cd17f09e0485eba0c3d50878b08b06309aee418853e6955be753d7f89f3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-and-hostel-val-mar\naddress: "Rruga Alqi Kondi 1, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07461932\n  lng: 20.13877903\nprice: "US$14"\npriceFrom: 14\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 126\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465663657.jpg?k=0cf68cd17f09e0485eba0c3d50878b08b06309aee418853e6955be753d7f89f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465659931.jpg?k=ba63d34cb721cc038f9641f76c8460c7f62ee88340d16bf07dc0f2ecd746a0cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465660305.jpg?k=070d69f64374647c3d19252936aab3d5ec328e8abb73934b1ce0be6eae022061&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465662268.jpg?k=557fe8651aaa2f4c3d0e97b839e00c44760016c266ea584a9475c0be64881404&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465663627.jpg?k=d8bb5d0bf9e46521e78a9dba1d51b2a44c72596cb07b49be1c63ac543e71d63b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465659979.jpg?k=5140fe0979c336e71711abd5206d7d79c1dcb6a2077b98ae828e5d6dca9a1320&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bunk Bed in Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shehu 8 m"\n  - "Kujtim 10 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tiffany"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautiful stylish hostel in the heart of the old town and around the corner from the bazaar. The rooms are spotless and the bathroom modern and clean. I arrived in December out of season and was the only guest. Gjirokaster castle is a short walk...”"\n  - name: "Rafał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The host is a good human being. That should be best summary of this place. If Gjirokaster then only val mar. Thats it.”"\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Great location, very comfortable beds and excellent facilities. Not many people at this time of year so I had the room for myself most nights. I was unfortunate to have the American-Albanian music festival just under my window sill on the first...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-and-hostel-val-mar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis esteemed accommodation boasts a welcoming bar and the assurance of complimentary private parking and delights guests with select units offering patios that frame captivating city views. 

For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, just 84 km away, makes this hostel an ideal choice for ease of travel and a memorable stay in one of the city's prime locales.