---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Mele"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Mele, located in the picturesque Gjirokastër, offers a serene retreat with its stunning mountain and lake views, just a stone's throw away from Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301475919.jpg?k=74e2280515cd4d94705982a6c4a78de4934f29803128e08983e477f31cd791be&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-mele\naddress: "Rruga Riza Hoxha, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07479174\n  lng: 20.13484148\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 864\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301475919.jpg?k=74e2280515cd4d94705982a6c4a78de4934f29803128e08983e477f31cd791be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276288614.jpg?k=254ec206488d53fbf121387d0ae82a66d16f6f737c7fb3f0234479dfe7681bd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506775718.jpg?k=44e98df6b6ce942903231e2754bcf8e05771512fd98ba8b8cf737448b3336c8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357506414.jpg?k=2fc54a4768809abe6b474715b04e218ba2543b23cccda06bb8e164da98b9f565&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301479103.jpg?k=782ca2250f9fcc94dcb6f2486cd82c2e6daa202d8477dcbc07e135d0b0a2a75d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482815565.jpg?k=8834b290040ab8fe20d1ca280bb867eca7413b1468617d1bb85206f0dd669a61&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (14 Mbps)"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bake 150 m"\n  - "Silver Hill Reastaurant 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patricia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I think this is one of the most enjoyable and most relaxing place I have ever stayed at. Everything was perfect, it was very clean (esp. the sheets and bathroom). We had a very good night’s sleep. In the morning, at around 6AM we were supposed...”"\n  - name: "Natalie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything at Mele Guesthouse is perfect! It has a very cozy and familiar charme, especially because Edmond, the owner, is so keen to make the absolute best of your visit. We were welcomed with a nice tea on the terrace with a great view over the...”"\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Edmond and his family are national treasure, protect them at all costs.
Lovely apartment with I believe nice view when is sunny. Unfortunately we had foggy weather and we saw the beauty of Gjirokaster when we were leaving.
I also recommend...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mele-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe convenience at Guesthouse Mele extends beyond its rooms. Guests have access to free private parking and can opt for the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service, making travel arrangements seamless. The property's on-site restaurant is a culinary delight, serving a variety of meals from dinner to high tea, catering to every palate at any time of the day.

For those looking to unwind, the garden and bar provide a tranquil setting, while the outdoor fireplace offers a cozy spot to relax after a day of cycling through the scenic landscape. Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Guesthouse Mele is an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and natural beauty.