---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Hygge"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Hygge emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Tirana, situated merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102191676.jpg?k=a2e49597667382cd402861a7deb0c5f69e987ad21b29626bc1e8114466323217&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-hygge\naddress: "St. Bulevardi Zogu i Pare St. Haxhi Hysen Dalliu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33373438\n  lng: 19.81450759\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 554\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102191676.jpg?k=a2e49597667382cd402861a7deb0c5f69e987ad21b29626bc1e8114466323217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114831127.jpg?k=7248e6373fcd6952799869ccc081046cf10cab7bb76f93ae524394d9aade7eb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159557264.jpg?k=7445d0ae2b2e27590f9c4353829d50625494c70669847116353efd5e8b3ec7a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446820762.jpg?k=1c0809d26d9498cf55adf82d6414bebffec035152243e7dfc2eb0c84883439df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446821025.jpg?k=458521684544091c64cafd1ebebfc4e9a47c7f62fd4e8091dd9dd85fc49f647a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477410063.jpg?k=1c24a2f17d790a1b925fcd86e489ff63b91db089919ffc3e7da0865178b77987&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Boleros 100 m"\n  - "Bon Appetit 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Liisi"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“The host was super friendly and helped us with everything, superb location and the room was airconditioned, we were also allowed to leave our baggage for the day after checking out.”"\n  - name: "Abimanyu"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Amazing breakfast included. The host, although didn't know English, was very friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Deepanraj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owner is very kind and the breakfast is delicious.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hygge.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Hygge are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a dressing room, and a cozy seating area, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The shared bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hair dryers, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

Strategically located, Guesthouse Hygge is within easy reach of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. Guests can explore the historic Clock Tower, the exquisite Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Gallery of Arts, all located nearby. For those interested in Albania's rich history and culture, the National Museum of History, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the House of Leaves are must-visit destinations within close proximity.

For travelers flying into Tirana, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 13 km away makes Guesthouse Hygge an ideal choice. Whether visiting for leisure or business, this guesthouse offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a preferred choice for those seeking an authentic and enjoyable stay in Tirana.