---\ntitle: "Guest House Laci"\ndescription: "Guest House Laci emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Tirana, offering a unique blend of natural beauty and urban convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416904615.jpg?k=ebd4936f50382ff25aa47a2c32ee72a9e1c9cee0e5415598d24480b8913d3b34&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-laci\naddress: "Rruga Nazmi Qoku, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.35877802\n  lng: 19.97842202\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416904615.jpg?k=ebd4936f50382ff25aa47a2c32ee72a9e1c9cee0e5415598d24480b8913d3b34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525459722.jpg?k=454bdec81a2ee88ce770c47c79dd82804476aefe2f7af83342f882d223c35351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525469400.jpg?k=39fd140a5bcdeda430aff2112994c0215e3a5198184a17c9708d69e0a635e5a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525457943.jpg?k=78d87f09a240ecded98d2a9e91f40ab21feac943b2901c9121c3763db04f802c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525467847.jpg?k=c8e164ed0eb0362ab1aaccba26ebd3829892875c94261b230dbec774185185f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469909764.jpg?k=a29e59d64a58f6b5cbc76e9818f572c2d95c49ccc8c4582e1d67709942a9b8c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525462243.jpg?k=bb647d21af3a8869a020ede8eac7ea76b767b0d250861a9140b9fa3cdfe4192a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525470126.jpg?k=523c394e554d0e592e567fe589bbb5588ac0d3a62c6b76f9622118c4b2383cb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525471929.jpg?k=fe0bf855cd0f8df68c8fc31a4ed5ed1b722e2efc6ec54edd461f0ebee2fb3f5d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 14 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 14 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 14 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 14 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 14 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 14 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 14 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 14 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Qafmolla-Dajt 1.6 km"\n  - "King Park Resort 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 0 m"\n  - "Mali I Dajtit 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 13 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 67 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“We loved the quiet surroundings, the amazing views from this guest house with his wood stove, the drinkable water directly at the source in the garden,... a little paradise lost in the mountains. We loved the tramp we made 50min away from the...”"\n  - name: "Pieter-bas"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Magic place, in the mountains just outside Tirana. The house is great, garden wonderful and outdoor kitchen makes it complete. The silence, view, hiking, fruits all around and stars at night makes this the perfect place to get away from...”"\n  - name: "Ester"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Het huis ligt prachtig in de omgeving met een mooie hele grote tuin waar je heerlijk in kan ontspannen en gezellig kunt eten, we hebben ook heerlijk gekookt in de buitenkeuken met bbq. De omgeving is prachtig het ligt bij Tirana maar vooral in de...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-laci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis charming holiday home boasts a thoughtful layout, featuring two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, ensures that guests can enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals. The property's bathroom is well-appointed with a shower, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

One of the standout features of Guest House Laci is its patio, which serves as a picturesque outdoor dining area, allowing guests to dine under the stars amidst a garden setting. Additional amenities such as a dressing room, ironing service, and round-the-clock security underscore the property's commitment to guest comfort and convenience.

Beyond the confines of this holiday home, visitors will find the Bektashi World Centre and Tanners' Bridge easily accessible, further enriching their stay with cultural immersion. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 40 km away, making Guest House Laci an accessible haven for both local and international travelers.

With its harmonious blend of scenic views, comprehensive amenities, and proximity to key attractions, Guest House Laci stands out as a premier choice for those seeking an authentic and comfortable Albanian experience.