---\ntitle: "Guest House Pashollari"\ndescription: "Guest House Pashollari emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Berat, boasting accommodations that offer both mountain and river views, ensuring a picturesque stay for every guest."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213908778.jpg?k=23e39d19a105d2096dd2582a0f7935e3402d6dd04eaddbab8166ae84cd2c2147&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-pashollari\naddress: "Rruga At Theodhori Apt 22, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70596325\n  lng: 19.95913985\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 380\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213908778.jpg?k=23e39d19a105d2096dd2582a0f7935e3402d6dd04eaddbab8166ae84cd2c2147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219333322.jpg?k=21af0918647ab8020687bd99087a27f17ddd6faa1b7c796a81ecda26a9cd542b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228705301.jpg?k=2dbc20f696c5be8a1ca258ff46309279d7f43dc9ff88a7a65b0dc336a2de1b87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244804018.jpg?k=c3bd7da3481eb93f4358630cda9625a9c7417a6939bf47816625cd0a047cd23e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/174951345.jpg?k=2e2d3f71f71c7406f01254db759f7defe82cb199524425dd190a488d0b0c7dac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479310776.jpg?k=8b7c973b2e99c7e29916d1ad02a18ecf699e7f690f2df41ab5b2e05301b59589&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508213725.jpg?k=a48756b38a417c02ec6fd2d932c5fc06904af4f92e03ec88fd886f1c2de947c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479310862.jpg?k=b287595e3257bda379d4bc89a9a2433177b7af340f85a8e0bbe07f32c08a4c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403642164.jpg?k=48ec489debee86615ded845473764217283fd976482a307635b1b1b7dd8563f6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (59 Mbps)"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room with Shower"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Imperial Fish Berat 400 m"\n  - "Restorant Il Gusto 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, hosts more than welcome, view from balcony from dreams, to Berat, castle and surrounding mountains. We had nice breakfast before our hiking. I highly recommend this accomodation just five minutes walk to the center of Berat...”"\n  - name: "Małgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The Hosts were amazing! We loved the breakfast they prepared for us. And we really appreciated the view.”"\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The property having such a great overlooking view to the whole Berat Center that’s being handled by a father and son, it’s way up the mountain but there’s a shortcut stairs going down to the center. And to the host Elvan, he’s such a great host...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-pashollari.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Guest House Pashollari is meticulously equipped with a desk, ensuring convenience for those who may need to attend to work or personal matters during their stay. The presence of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower in every unit, complemented by slippers and free toiletries, adds a touch of comfort and luxury. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels underscores the guest house's commitment to ensuring a hassle-free stay.

For culinary enthusiasts or those preferring the intimacy of a home-cooked meal, the guest house offers barbecue facilities, perfect for a delightful dining experience under the stars. Families traveling with children will find the outdoor play equipment and baby safety gate an invaluable addition, providing peace of mind and entertainment for the little ones.

Adventurous guests keen on exploring Berat's natural beauty will appreciate the availability of fishing and walking tours. Furthermore, Guest House Pashollari facilitates car rental services, making it convenient for guests to venture beyond and discover the surrounding areas at their own pace.

Located 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the guest house also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience from arrival to departure. Guest House Pashollari stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the natural and cultural richness of Berat.