---\ntitle: "Guest House - Happy House Tirana"\ndescription: "Guest House - Happy House Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954283.jpg?k=165a418527de806310ce7f18208cd0c62a9c076e84ad5e709d8b20d4a9c1ca1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-happy-house-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Isa Boletini, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33344815\n  lng: 19.82009049\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954283.jpg?k=165a418527de806310ce7f18208cd0c62a9c076e84ad5e709d8b20d4a9c1ca1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954327.jpg?k=82beb6d74768fa245237c3f689bffeccb235b9bcca02e6e0ae194e4d75f387ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954347.jpg?k=425bc01790523501db90ab180f6a9f057522041d6b8fe94b1d06ba1fce441f17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954336.jpg?k=710ee6ba85ef9bb033ed55c968d2bec7684d5c207d4dfea75accf60dc563066f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954351.jpg?k=8a14a1e15820acc016c0613bdeb04823750834b1c4caf7ee4d34b64de6460de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954318.jpg?k=bc72c19a39fd87512ac00fb9887376284fc2b0750f74aec2860762aa81c11091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954343.jpg?k=75eceb839c1934e5a09eeb16c85490f9721e7a2d96c750c9452da351aa2190fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954322.jpg?k=918f8466b4cfccd8ef3b5480bb63cf700d3aad90b821bd4faf1bc0ac41277f4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495954324.jpg?k=90047c4e72c8e56dde622ced412ce620832447e13bcf9a30e042d9042fef4372&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mneri 100 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-happy-house-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a balcony for those serene morning coffees or tranquil evening reflections; it also comes with the promise of connectivity, thanks to complimentary WiFi. Accessibility is further enhanced by the inclusion of a lift, ensuring all guests enjoy a hassle-free stay. It's worth noting that the establishment prides itself on being a non-smoking facility, catering to those who prefer a smoke-free environment.

The living space is generously proportioned, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available via a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels, ensuring guests are never at a loss for leisure options. The kitchen is a highlight, boasting a full suite of appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. This makes the apartment not just a place to stay, but a home away from home, where guests can whip up a meal at their leisure. The provision of bed linen, towels, and laundry service underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently situated near cultural landmarks such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania. Shopping enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to Toptani Shopping Centre. When it's time to say goodbye, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making departures as smooth as the arrival.

In summary, Guest House - Happy House Tirana stands out as a welcoming haven for visitors to Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of the city right at its doorstep.