---\ntitle: "Guest House Marjo"\ndescription: "Guest House Marjo emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Berat, boasting a serene garden that immediately sets the tone for a tranquil stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481197394.jpg?k=d2e98e16a712f3e835a2e51b7dda0db7a2050336448acd32cc14f0edbaf84e68&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-marjo\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Komnena, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.71090427\n  lng: 19.94726733\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481197394.jpg?k=d2e98e16a712f3e835a2e51b7dda0db7a2050336448acd32cc14f0edbaf84e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528021464.jpg?k=d1d3d091c3ffc585c68238ca9623fa5dc9ec316649ecf4264f0e38a7b81aecfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528021533.jpg?k=3d212e13eef6049685ed8910f0e4c425b0f7563b7a8eac77e6ea85adce727767&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528022123.jpg?k=f143976a8d3a7e4990b131672c866360cb48fba7dbe265b0280f7b43aef4af94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481729375.jpg?k=53c860bca60f2c4cd6c9ca3022ccba4a52d588a3f6c148cb4a39ea8b7deab2a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481197513.jpg?k=bdd5ce845eab02cddc86c077c9cbf9bae2c9b68195a5306714f29da89121a27e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (12 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dal Nonno - Cibo Tradizionale Albanese 50 m"\n  - "Nova 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jānis"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Simple, nice and clean room. Hospitable owners. Allowed us to check-in earlier. Nice view from the terrace. Located uphill next to the Castle. Rich and delicious breakfast, even with picked fruit from their garden.”"\n  - name: "Axelle"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Marjo's parents were super warm, welcoming and friendly hosts. They made us feel at home, the room was clean, the breakfast was good.. we had a great stay!”"\n  - name: "Dervishi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was wonderful place, with wonderful staff. The breakfast is full enough. I will highly recommend this place, and is so familiar place, quiet, clean. I am so happy that I chose this guest house.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-marjo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guest House Marjo are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring private bathrooms and complimentary WiFi access across all units. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms offer the luxury of a terrace, providing a perfect spot for morning coffees or evening relaxation.

Situated a distance from the hustle and bustle, the property is located 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible escape for both local and international travelers looking for a peaceful getaway in Berat.