---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Isolde"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Isolde emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Vlorë, perfectly positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vjetër Beach and within easy reach of the city's main attractions, including Vlore Beach, Independence Square, and the historic Kuzum Baba."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479982673.jpg?k=e3247c07fd8cb071b25a38909dadb55345b93fa1adb3174104b458cf09c60b05&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-isolde\naddress: "Rruga Kosova 2nd floor of the house, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45846015\n  lng: 19.47451119\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479982673.jpg?k=e3247c07fd8cb071b25a38909dadb55345b93fa1adb3174104b458cf09c60b05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481885271.jpg?k=41cf39b83fa23b4997bb1cffb4087057bc8ec858d2490cc6499a69882166a51c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479982757.jpg?k=4b10ff6209c1fa5ee788563830c8da5156e4f78f6addd1909deacb06e18cbd77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482139820.jpg?k=09ebb9abc76557afac735edbdd85bd6e2920cc6b7b56da181045aa986092e930&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481885807.jpg?k=5b5a0eeff591fc15f4d3fc1554daf0ec2ec24ca8128ee9d1596e250550b4269b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479982751.jpg?k=d0002a8eb406cf145bcc641a67cfe0953522d6b51d6d98e801f27e13d6feb6c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480024936.jpg?k=9ddb7c472fa1081867ca3642221d9ecc1af0de6afd7b899267e6de74c24502ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480025117.jpg?k=16948f929d12b5ac23bf46057f3158c23a58084945cc6d5762a81785afd7cf68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481885396.jpg?k=cec0f5ca953108f26bb1291eb28e8eb98584ff47e722bec8cfb144dd3ba68ff5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 250 m"\n  - "Restorant Taverna Lato Mezuaraj 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 350 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.4 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arturo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento impeccabile... Pulitissimo... Praticamente nuovo... Proprietaria disponibilissima... Gentile e affettuosa... Ci ha fatto sentire a casa ...”"\n  - name: "Stella"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Apartamento completamente nuevo y decorado con mucho gusto. Aparcamos en la misma puerta. La propietaria muy amable y servicial, una familia encantadora. El apartamento está a unos 5 minutos andando de la playa. Nuestra estancia en Vlore fue más...”"\n  - name: "Eliza"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Piękne przestronne mieszkanie. Wszystko nowe i pachnące. Brakowało jedynie klimatyzacji ale właściciele jeszcze nie zdążyli zamontować. Bardzo dobra lokalizacja. Blisko plaży. Gospodyni bardzo sympatyczna i pomocna. Polecam”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-izota-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nBoasting a thoughtful layout, Guesthouse Isolde features two generously sized bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a bathroom equipped with complimentary toiletries and a bidet, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort, while the private entrance to the accommodation underscores the guesthouse's commitment to privacy and exclusivity.

Amenities such as complimentary WiFi and on-site private parking enhance the convenience factor, making Guesthouse Isolde an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and ease of access to local sights. The property's strict non-smoking policy further ensures a clean and healthy environment for guests to enjoy.

Situated 150 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guesthouse Isolde represents an accessible haven for those looking to explore the enchanting city of Vlorë and its surrounding beauty. Whether it's lounging on the balcony with a book in hand or setting out to discover the nearby beaches and cultural landmarks, Guesthouse Isolde offers a perfect blend of comfort, location, and serenity, making it a top pick for travelers in search of a memorable stay.