---\ntitle: "Guest House People"\ndescription: "Guest House People emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Korçë, located a mere stone's throw away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/120826342.jpg?k=080df4ae243321c9da606ef75c73a6491364911c0c5b59cd4a7a81086e305b50&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-people\naddress: "Bulevardi Rilindasit 6, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62452408\n  lng: 20.78319169\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/120826342.jpg?k=080df4ae243321c9da606ef75c73a6491364911c0c5b59cd4a7a81086e305b50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284299387.jpg?k=c0d936de93a8e20e1f10ba54c8c9d315b656ebf6623a9f43facc3149aa0c8885&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172103003.jpg?k=52fecc095efefc831e68ec0e417b158e7f0f7ac517383ad778517f58fd6033fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284169903.jpg?k=a36fe58947377bde610bff822647af67ff42a9ad2b02a02c0900baa7cdfa33a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/345424035.jpg?k=e0f6027314315df0a0f2f617180dcaf83714636fbf1c7c32ee7a1f7a1ed8277e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152836592.jpg?k=7bc1de216149c1b58f1aa3de3b276282e9aece82d9c22a82a79570d918c9020d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mondi 50 m"\n  - "Dorys Coffee Shop 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tsakalos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“My stay was pleasant. The guest House People is in a beautiful and quiet area. I really liked this ..
Thank you very much the owners, they are very kind.
Thanks for everything…”"\n  - name: "Jonel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great conditions for the price.The location is great!”"\n  - name: "Tatulea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“perfect location. very nice staff. perfect studio . incredibil place! I loved”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-people.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guest House People are thoughtfully designed to cater to a variety of needs and preferences. Select rooms boast the luxury of a private entrance, alongside practical amenities such as a desk and wardrobe, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers. The allure of a balcony with a garden view, coupled with the comfort of air conditioning and entertainment options like a cable flat-screen TV, adds to the appeal. For those requiring additional space, certain units also offer the convenience of a dressing room.

Adding to the charm of this guest house is an on-site coffee shop and bar, providing a cozy spot for guests to unwind with a drink or a light snack. Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay for parents.

Situated 70 km from Kastoria National Airport, Guest House People offers a blend of accessibility and tranquility, making it an attractive option for travelers exploring the enchanting city of Korçë and its surroundings.