---\ntitle: "Guest House De Rada"\ndescription: "Guest House De Rada emerges as a serene haven in the bustling city of Tirana, offering travelers a blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467241905.jpg?k=f4d8de32812101e2f7dc6ec5756e5bcdfb72f0136dc69841327820d4806f4dea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guest-house-de-rada\naddress: "Rruga Mehmet Brocaj, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33200282\n  lng: 19.8127827\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 383\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467241905.jpg?k=f4d8de32812101e2f7dc6ec5756e5bcdfb72f0136dc69841327820d4806f4dea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352154335.jpg?k=68b18d66c303c6a8ed44a282cc32c124fca7a651cefdbae2ac09fe3ec4d10594&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335005200.jpg?k=32d9e33b0c636d46dcbfd7506e9420d926f128e6005f8b05bb2c712cd503e556&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334996656.jpg?k=37752c1bf27540726e93d616a3e137f093172b677c4f5564d3a4d78d0e020575&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335001743.jpg?k=2734ac5049e19532173d428ffedebfbe1c687d7a7dce410de441477fa9066364&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334996524.jpg?k=86310eb54e419f39f7e1aca19e0988d36902ceb7f9965899b8c2129aecb80d06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352154296.jpg?k=c6092cc2c2a3de1bda5c27407f10ec9c5d78d372203acbaab2045c7b8641cdd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334996789.jpg?k=80c91386d6909ae854c80f70eec5fe834b01e704491272cf76b00ca3d15f84de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467244578.jpg?k=6beb615902c8d33bb8f8c3e8309ac965bbc09f8ca4684dd1caf475ca27d91612&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Bravo 100 m"\n  - "Bati 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Derek"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Quiet location close to city centre. Friendly host.”"\n  - name: "Adventurer2000"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The Location,My room was clean and comfortable,The bed was comfortable”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Landalady very welcoming and helpful, room felt cosy and well equipped. Kettle and tea coffee provided. Quiet neighbourhood just 2 minutes from main street 5 min from main square.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-de-rada.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Guest House De Rada are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is outfitted with modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The attention to detail extends to the provision of slippers and a desk in every room, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Privacy and convenience are paramount, as evidenced by the private entrances and bathrooms equipped with a hairdryer and bed linens in all units.

For those keen to explore the cultural tapestry of Tirana, Guest House De Rada serves as an ideal base. The proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania invites guests to immerse themselves in the rich history and vibrant arts scene of the city. Furthermore, the guest house's location 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures a hassle-free transition from travel to tranquility.

In summary, Guest House De Rada offers a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and a touch of local charm, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Tirana.