---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Lord Byron"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Lord Byron in Tepelenë emerges as a serene retreat, offering a blend of comfort and natural beauty for travelers seeking a unique stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394559590.jpg?k=bc38e29f5009810009410c7b23743ffd7b09d6e6b7b6f533124864960195c2e8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-lord-byron\naddress: "Majkosh, Tepelene, 6301 Tepelenë, Albania"\ncity: "Tepelenë"\nlocation: "Tepelenë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.30760265\n  lng: 20.01616985\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 293\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394559590.jpg?k=bc38e29f5009810009410c7b23743ffd7b09d6e6b7b6f533124864960195c2e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394559583.jpg?k=e07235f3ea3e79760869543ffc782b73c77834a6ca04c0590f51710f17c7264b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371095443.jpg?k=2a2a9c9c0d9900fd4db09985e764828b76d5d2d418773eb5612c4b7d7541019e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310459518.jpg?k=2ef513f110239e5640d5e2a716abb72f7866f2a85718e8f9e4a531883fad511d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371095422.jpg?k=e72a1ec91ecb540de019ac6e83b58915c4b14a489db6aaa6107e458f6e908464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337435764.jpg?k=3b4c2287e332d9eba2dd93f95166757833a42431a0c7617d3d4630ccf606dce2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room with Pool View"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Pool View"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Family Room with Garden View"\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Veal 550 m"\n  - "333 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 78 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing views, swimming pool and breakfast with lots of delicious food”"\n  - name: "Mirne"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very friendly people and good food. When we asked if they could make pasta with the gluten free pasta we brought this wasn't any problem at all.
Great shower and bathroom.”"\n  - name: "Formaggia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property is located in a beautiful setting surrounded by mountains. The pool is fantastic. The staff were very accommodating and helpful and the food was excellent.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lord-byron.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Lord Byron are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit boasts modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle, complemented by the luxury of a walk-in shower, slippers, and a desk. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with pampering. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in all units adds an extra layer of comfort.

Dining at the guesthouse is an experience in itself, with an on-site restaurant catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. Open for dinner, lunch, brunch, and high tea, the family-friendly dining option promises delightful culinary experiences for every guest.

For those keen on exploring the surroundings, Guesthouse Lord Byron offers sightseeing tours, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and natural beauty. The property also features a picnic area, perfect for those wishing to enjoy a day outdoors in the picturesque setting.

Situated 112 km from Ioannina Airport, the guesthouse is conveniently located for travelers. Whether it's the allure of the mountain and river views, the comprehensive amenities, or the promise of a tranquil escape, Guesthouse Lord Byron in Tepelenë is a compelling choice for those seeking an unforgettable stay.