---\ntitle: "Guesthouse Villa Juri"\ndescription: "Guesthouse Villa Juri in Berat stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195920601.jpg?k=747271b1de47097909ecb9179e8a4e129f295e352814cae08d3c02c964f0d586&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guesthouse-villa-juri\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Leshi, Berat, Albania, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70492375\n  lng: 19.94072631\nprice: "US$18"\npriceFrom: 18\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 286\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195920601.jpg?k=747271b1de47097909ecb9179e8a4e129f295e352814cae08d3c02c964f0d586&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101353194.jpg?k=2579de11acdaa63d046da9bff901f971029bc9de0b500dd329e147268e6829ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153851214.jpg?k=4c75bfd64e70b12ee105140c828234d7f18dafcb26b288c8013b38eb3c044de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148495697.jpg?k=3575506f095d6101577fc442da887f0068a66a18f141cfe0acd4196aa7911692&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159601616.jpg?k=a8341ae3754a8c002e1b1ece593491189dabc8f38a2607f1da6caa5445af093d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148437416.jpg?k=6fbec3e96d08b979261d777b782cc0e2f236ad5cf6894374238b7bacc80a0c38&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (13 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room (1 Adult + 1 Child)"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Eldorado 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Ime 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Crees"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were extremely friendly and the service was impeccable. We are excited to come back one day.”"\n  - name: "Karel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“We were with two children, everyone was completely satisfied! Quiet place, cheap housing, relatively close to the historic center.”"\n  - name: "Inta"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“The hotel is near the center, but it was quiet. The room is large and clean, the beds are comfortable. The car is free in the yard. There is a bar in the yard. The internet worked great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-villa-juri-berat1234567891011121314151617.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Guesthouse Villa Juri are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Each unit features air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle, alongside a walk-in shower, hair dryer, and desk for added convenience. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. Select units further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a patio, offering a private outdoor space to relax and unwind.

Dining at the guesthouse is a delight, with an outdoor dining area available for guests to enjoy a meal amidst the natural beauty of the surroundings. The on-site traditional restaurant serves a variety of meals, including dinner, lunch, and brunch, as well as a selection of cocktails, providing a taste of local cuisine and culture.

For those looking to explore the area, Guesthouse Villa Juri offers car hire and complimentary bicycle use, encouraging guests to venture out and discover the local landscape. The region is renowned for its fishing, skiing, and cycling opportunities, with the guesthouse providing ski equipment rental, ski pass sales, and a ski shuttle service to cater to outdoor enthusiasts.

Located 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Guesthouse Villa Juri is conveniently accessible for international travelers, making it an ideal base for exploring the enchanting city of Berat and its surroundings. Whether seeking adventure or relaxation, guests will find this guesthouse to be a welcoming and comfortable home away from home.