---\ntitle: "GUGA Host House"\ndescription: "GUGA Host House emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of garden serenity and captivating mountain views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451480007.jpg?k=afc55507b2e03f4e1d6d09da743701eac208960be35bd1f4f6bc17bdd14fd219&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guga-host-house\naddress: "259 Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88275738\n  lng: 19.99963306\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 6.3\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 6.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451480007.jpg?k=afc55507b2e03f4e1d6d09da743701eac208960be35bd1f4f6bc17bdd14fd219&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451730149.jpg?k=3106434a7c6ff90a7d9a7532c3bac730c0d44b864d77b201a5118d6d2784af1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451480004.jpg?k=9b8ce64d8f7458c1ac7d3909440e3dda7c28e25c10039858eadf4c25d9097773&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451545391.jpg?k=5c28f0e39f28244816e25577dfe0cbc33f6e3bf61396a580620efcb5bbadd9e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451718233.jpg?k=5415f1e19be7bd63fc9fa798d37620833cc34eae6139163caf0ba706f84868b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451480000.jpg?k=5c5b81169f5ba2e40cbdbbfe244550477fbd1fa468c03722c3a715a3545bfcaf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (524 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 550 m"\n  - "Ali Pasha 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mélodie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“We had a great welcome, the lady was very kind. She even brought us food and drink when we arrived. The room was really very clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guga-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at GUGA Host House are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines both comfort and convenience. The private bathrooms come well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of luxury to the guest experience. Moreover, select rooms elevate the stay further with the addition of a patio, offering a private outdoor space to unwind.

Connectivity is seamless throughout the property, with free WiFi available in all units, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Sarandë. The proximity to notable attractions such as Saranda Bay Beach, just 2.6 km away, and the historic Butrint National Park, 18 km from the property, positions GUGA Host House as an ideal base for explorers keen on discovering the natural and cultural riches of the region.

For travelers arriving from afar, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is located 98 km away, making GUGA Host House an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.