---\ntitle: "Guri Guest House"\ndescription: "Guri Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an escape near the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs, just 7."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471854574.jpg?k=fddd234bc53b87692e4e591203695d7ae3a36c53eca9106e9c4c252073d5198e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: guri-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Gjon Buzuku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89704906\n  lng: 20.66194677\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 60\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471854574.jpg?k=fddd234bc53b87692e4e591203695d7ae3a36c53eca9106e9c4c252073d5198e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520605554.jpg?k=dd2698d6c62c75afd0f9d9a07467723e17e258341cdf838195c7717ef4e05a0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469805228.jpg?k=72cd43cd3d7b18686677fa4d41ea440589601dbef02958a7f927f55ce1fb05a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480471974.jpg?k=150e0e61fde942ebc05a8a51385ef8ab8e8e05d033fd0e323bab4e31e95fd14a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480470866.jpg?k=ff201be38d66e39917f766e30177609362d87749fbf7061adfdfe8ae8f8d4b51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471864434.jpg?k=828c2bf714909480bc3ec4a0e2edd5a37b301686a64244afa5d3713e6597fb2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480469644.jpg?k=db80df8904164c59263bbde70c51ff198aeda34eaa68df7dad0e1a38d8169278&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471864113.jpg?k=fb7942eb0a318f8183d7974d370979a84694c67189016f0cadad7d3957a8c431&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480471345.jpg?k=cd426cc46ee41c193d972b55c922c2e8aa122c85df89087702d05e780e8772a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (119 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bossi 300 m"\n  - "Fast Food Pere 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 650 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 31 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ludger"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We loved our stay at Guri Guest House. It's a nice traditional flat with a separate living area and a small garden with private parking at the front. Perfect for our family of four. Natasha and her son Stuart were amazing hosts. We got treated to...”"\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“We liked the stay a lot! A very convenient place near Ohrid lake. The accommodation was clean and spacious and most of all - we felt very welcome ;-)
Moreover, we received valuable tips for exploring the region.”"\n  - name: "Nikolay"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice and spacious local style accommodation with everything you need. Plus friendly hosts with great recommendations.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guri-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe charm of Guri Guest House is evident in its detailed accommodations, which include two separate bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room adorned with a flat-screen TV for those leisure moments. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area and dishwasher, ensures that guests have everything they need for a home-cooked meal, while the outdoor dining area offers a chance to dine al fresco amidst the tranquility of the property's surroundings. On cooler evenings, the fireplace becomes a cozy gathering spot, adding to the home's warm ambiance.

Privacy is paramount at Guri Guest House, with features like a private entrance ensuring a secluded stay. For those looking to explore the area, the convenience of both bicycle and car rental services on-site opens up endless possibilities for adventure. Situated 39 km from landmarks such as the Early Christian Basilica and the picturesque Port Ohrid, as well as the historic Church of St. John at Kaneo, guests are perfectly positioned to discover the rich cultural heritage of the region. The nearest airport, Ohrid Airport, is 46 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Guri Guest House is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and history of Pogradec and its surroundings, offering a peaceful haven for travelers in search of both relaxation and exploration.