---\ntitle: "H&E Sea view 2-Bedroom Apt Qerret"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of coastal living at H&E Sea View 2-Bedroom Apt Qerret, a prime beachfront gem located just a stone's throw from the serene Qerret Beach and a brief stroll from the picturesque Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991223.jpg?k=9452db2f25c850e31edc0429ff680bd2ef730199bff705d2a449afa49ada531d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: h-e-sea-view-2-bedroom-apt-qerret\naddress: "Rruga e Fshatrave Turistike, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2200343\n  lng: 19.50998512\nprice: "US$103"\npriceFrom: 103\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991223.jpg?k=9452db2f25c850e31edc0429ff680bd2ef730199bff705d2a449afa49ada531d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991286.jpg?k=58cdaf6ee1142714e7c7676d0fd4fcf5d4b03ccbb3c1bcef6f9c75458bd59f80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991308.jpg?k=7f7ef4efbae4cfcc53bd1836dc287dfb09b3308616f8cf8e494a70f8e2a58335&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991323.jpg?k=1d7ce011b2388eeed8fdaafc41213b7cd90e1112f8fc809f44c85e1d9d9fd86f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991327.jpg?k=686c6c7cf19580da1a6400d0ec1a4337245671857d25431212736f8bee0b5fc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991333.jpg?k=953f65b0b462e6c25a22c89ae2573035011d712daf2c139922aa36ab884a4ec0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991314.jpg?k=2dd828c9f1ac99aa3b172891c6c42fcbb0c834a2935d2c2e36b3200f34a03f05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991291.jpg?k=d5e0e9c2dd02b767555f30bc3ab56149d43b9b4371e0f85c44d3f827d0bda6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483991283.jpg?k=5eebd4135593c6052ca8aca2eac9f08deaa220825241b6942d426dd4222fdbaa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 100 m"\n  - "Piceri Cegrani 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very welcoming, flexible and honest hosts. We strobgly reccomend this property as it represent the true Albanian hospitability. They did their best to make us happy. Will return.”"\n  - name: "Aneta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Obiekt nowo oddany do użytku . W każdym pokoju była oddzielna klimatyzacja oraz telewizor z dostępem do internetu . Położony blisko plaży . Gospodarz bardzo pomocny i życzliwy. Samochód można zostawić pod budynkiem w zasięgu wzroku oraz kamery....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/h-amp-e-sea-view-2-bedroom-apt-qerret-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge, perfect for those who enjoy preparing their own meals. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, adds a touch of convenience and comfort to the stay. Guests can also appreciate the tranquil street views that add to the apartment's peaceful ambiance.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the convenience of an on-site bar enhances the experience, providing a perfect setting to unwind after a day of exploration.

Situated 19 km from the historical Durres Amphitheatre and a mere 50 km from the intriguing Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the apartment serves as an ideal base for guests looking to explore the rich cultural heritage of the area. The vibrant Skanderbeg Square and the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje are also within easy reach, located 49 km and 7.9 km away, respectively. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 43 km away, ensures a convenient journey to and from the accommodation.

H&E Sea View 2-Bedroom Apt Qerret emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the beauty of the Albanian coastline.