---\ntitle: "HANI CEPIT"\ndescription: "HANI CEPIT emerges as a serene oasis in Librazhd, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264365.jpg?k=f67f64d2edcdc30c5090ae4edeb069527a87371caa4ebd91ddd514dc2aa2cbb8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hani-cepit\naddress: "Xhyrë, 3400 Librazhd, Albania"\ncity: "Librazhd"\nlocation: "Librazhd"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.09276017\n  lng: 20.40190323\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264365.jpg?k=f67f64d2edcdc30c5090ae4edeb069527a87371caa4ebd91ddd514dc2aa2cbb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264381.jpg?k=64928b7caa7c77915dcb1eb0f012dfc2fa6036810979f94c2e0949cb76b51972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264228.jpg?k=bc255ea3cb5bdc60a1e08c5cef325754820a041c693606a7e89db32b0a7ab854&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264363.jpg?k=6a8c1556af159e9154243a47f2bcdb034b6bd6c6ec8263fc1c1f5f4cf440c6ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264457.jpg?k=f405dca51308a856eec7766da6a064f4fc823d15ab8871ac9ace885a1aef634b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472264375.jpg?k=ede256c07631a36d9b9e7169115e70cb143ad75fdd2812407ad5f8d13dd09470&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Noel 3.3 km"\n  - "roadside coffee 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Bleteve Kokreve 12 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 29 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johannes"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Beautiful new location higher up in the mountains. Great for a day hike to great views and pure nature. Great food in the restaurant with a local traditional cuisine for very reasonable prices. Our dog loved the freedom on the ground and was...”"\n  - name: "Mauricio"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Great brand new place. Very quite, in a hard to reach location but amazing panoramas. Restaurant and food are first class. Very tradicional place. Very friendly personel.”"\n  - name: "Cornelis"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It was a surprising place all the way up in the mountains.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hani-cepit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a harmonious blend of convenience and serenity, with the hotel boasting a well-manicured garden, complimentary private parking, and the added luxury of a restaurant and bar on-site. The allure of HANI CEPIT is further enhanced by select rooms offering balconies that present breathtaking mountain views, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the tranquil surroundings.

Accommodations at HANI CEPIT are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring private bathrooms equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and refreshing.

For those keen on exploring historical routes, the remains of Via Egnatia are a mere 42 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich past. Additionally, the proximity to Ohrid Airport, just 46 km away, adds a layer of convenience for international travelers.

HANI CEPIT stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a peaceful retreat amidst the natural and historical wonders of Librazhd.