---\ntitle: "Hani i Xheblatit"\ndescription: "Hani i Xheblatit emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in the heart of Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155324884.jpg?k=d71d0db5d0948b0e3e762716c94b9e5118a5e07d3de6d10bbf52021ba328e8ac&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hani-i-xheblatit\naddress: "Rr. Antipatrea | Lagja Mangalem,, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70458485\n  lng: 19.9489744\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 866\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155324884.jpg?k=d71d0db5d0948b0e3e762716c94b9e5118a5e07d3de6d10bbf52021ba328e8ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338077934.jpg?k=bc21e7e9c7f1f9131ceb8e2e2fb6c29d76d4160fb89d17617284569178f1a04c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363411633.jpg?k=691697c99dac3b476841ae4944de531f3feaa80d3d9e8a31905e777ce9f5a1a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338090474.jpg?k=335b8d8e5781c17b95c421acf6d3855fca92664164f52657b3c928f4c6e91aee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358870050.jpg?k=748684af057afe4c9aab8b5e13c53df013ea19eb96674e68ae3957f74d21233c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358869701.jpg?k=b2e534a0984dc17cb40db33601ea88194808fc256aaf083d22663424b0f944b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499501323.jpg?k=db21fafb1488849255db3e0a17b3bb4bc95d6d84d52409bfff2013f8e3b20a5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338078982.jpg?k=fb2c613d038f0ba3aa01c28c9e6c543af0b81163e4430e32b711319b55fc1b13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499500257.jpg?k=d9f9291d3b346b8c13c27a3279629523bc1cf4bc80fba0148832613446c7813b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (41 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Home Made Food Lili 20 m"\n  - "Coffee & Food Albi 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mette"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Super friendly staff, the place was spotless, breakfast absolutely outstanding and the view amazing. We visited i february, and even though it was cold at night, our room was warm and cozy. We cannot recomend Hani Xheblatit enough.”"\n  - name: "Muhammad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was excellent. The view. The BREAKFAST.
The room was comfortable with a nice decor and had a stunning view from the balcony.
However the highlight was the spectacular breakfast. A delectable feast is the only way I could describe...”"\n  - name: "Aniko"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Its charming and in a great location. Served an excellent breakfast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hani-i-xheblatit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hani i Xheblatit are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a safety deposit box, and a private bathroom with a shower. For added warmth during cooler months, heating facilities are available in all units.

Dining at the guest house is an experience in itself, with an on-site traditional restaurant serving a variety of meals from dinner and lunch to brunch and cocktails. The restaurant's inviting atmosphere makes it a perfect spot for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

For those keen on exploring the local area, Hani i Xheblatit offers sightseeing tours, showcasing the best of Berat's surroundings. Adventurous guests have the opportunity to explore the region by bike, with the guest house facilitating car rental services for further travels. 

Located 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hani i Xheblatit stands as an accessible haven for both local and international visitors, promising an unforgettable experience in one of Berat's most picturesque settings.