---\ntitle: "Hani i Gjelit Hotel, Korce"\ndescription: "Hani i Gjelit Hotel in Korce stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482820075.jpg?k=e825916e64a007fb0be4bd379f05aafdd6656ee74b23809666b186fa9578d9c9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hani-i-gjelit-hotel-korce\naddress: "Pazari i Korces Pazar i Vjeter, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6140785\n  lng: 20.7778071\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482820075.jpg?k=e825916e64a007fb0be4bd379f05aafdd6656ee74b23809666b186fa9578d9c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493665637.jpg?k=88c0fbe3eeef89f1c5e2ad66c54a3c354e138bf6232bf144b7b57f53c9f45cf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493665400.jpg?k=1278f355b24e742446d7090656936df9e333ad2cf74a4eaf9effa3c1c4835407&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493665401.jpg?k=64d6a2c9f2435fb114188921163d0b53e51144501dfbc17e0a6e3f087d6de2bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493665261.jpg?k=c53e4d7b72eaf2bc4b5cdc8522ff73a39300b70d2d18343a8cc86731299bd786&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493667119.jpg?k=242e53ee9b7d6d643413fb8b1e71d2bdc36cf81d44c41c43e9954ccce0112946&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior King Suite"\n  - "Superior Queen Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "O2 Boutique 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food Romeo Grill 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 450 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Xhiljola"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had an absolutely fantastic experience during my stay! The service was fantactic, the room was very clean and comfortable, and the staff was very polite. The breakfast was so delicious and furniture was modern and brand new. Also, perfect...”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hoteli ishte shume i paster , shume i ngrohte ,mengjesi ishte super , dhe nje staf Shume ndihmues 😊”"\n  - name: "Ardiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location, confort, service, cleanliness and the staff where great!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hani-i-gjelit-korce.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hani i Gjelit are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with essential work-friendly furniture like a desk, alongside a private bathroom that boasts a bidet and hairdryer for added convenience. The presence of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in every room guarantees a comfortable and enjoyable stay. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also feature a balcony, providing a perfect nook for morning coffees or evening relaxation. Storage needs are effortlessly met with the inclusion of a wardrobe in all units.

For guests arriving by air, the Kastoria National Airport is located 71 km away, making Hani i Gjelit Hotel an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike. Whether visiting for business or leisure, this hotel promises an unforgettable stay in the heart of Korçë, blending impeccable service with a warm, welcoming atmosphere.