---\ntitle: "Hanna Apartment"\ndescription: "Hanna Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367696590.jpg?k=4c04eb6f9d7d5a11778c898aa6931b4f021c9e44ee6572cd14afdbac81663769&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hanna-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit, 1035 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32817123\n  lng: 19.8307834\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 62\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367696590.jpg?k=4c04eb6f9d7d5a11778c898aa6931b4f021c9e44ee6572cd14afdbac81663769&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374254463.jpg?k=7fb5bc26621dc9308a4c215344150f619edc605998356c422a19a29f99a00199&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460094819.jpg?k=b2c6b08648fa9f8c47e777056691c9d2e45a1950d32a9f68ae4dab06956c8713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487367835.jpg?k=ef452cd6af509ec1e531bfa97534b0538704ac0acc7aff7c75a2f489c4721db0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487368006.jpg?k=e9f1e99a31c48363640630bc1119cecea080135fa6b76a33ca61bd64663c3744&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487369051.jpg?k=4fa14967168ba7719d56fbb86df7a2eb52b85fc31978e6a5d800ce749ad1e4bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367696591.jpg?k=9a65a98d6e6a857c28f9d2c98909a8896572cf7cec03bfdce07c8b5994f974ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487368888.jpg?k=aa95135fc518706e7857e093a83d7726972cc87dea79dd4514e615988b38062d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487368488.jpg?k=3cfcc4703eaca89a168b59f5d7da8ff186569374d347938e6815d5cbcf520606&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (51 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Posto 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Verona 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stacy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hosts relative who met us at the apartment building was very friendly. The apartment was large with everything you needed for a self- catered stay. The 2 balconies were a great. The location was central and only a 15 minute walk to the main...”"\n  - name: "Roberta"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Gorgeous apartment, short walk to many restaurants/cafes, very roomy, very easy to access, and friendly staff”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“It was spacious, good location, great owner, who showed us around and pick us up, as we couldnt find the apartment. Great bathroom and extra wc at the master bedroom. And the view ober the city in the evening lights was amazing from two balconies:)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-tirana8.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to rest; it provides a spacious haven complete with a balcony that boasts mountain views, making it a perfect retreat for those looking to unwind in style. The accommodation includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven and a microwave, catering to guests' culinary adventures, while the two bathrooms with walk-in showers add a touch of convenience to the living experience. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay for all guests.

For those keen to explore, Hanna Apartment is conveniently located near several of Tirana's attractions. The historic Tanners' Bridge, the majestic Saint Paul Cathedral, and the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre are all within easy reach. Moreover, for guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 17 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Hanna Apartment offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.