---\ntitle: "Hannas Hostel"\ndescription: "Hannas Hostel in Berat stands out as a charming destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438825764.jpg?k=14512adc35ecb662cd01d0de7e9a55fa51085f8a750c302b0d3a6e43bd20b07d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hannas-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Gaqi Gjika, 5000 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70508434\n  lng: 19.95572684\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 428\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438825764.jpg?k=14512adc35ecb662cd01d0de7e9a55fa51085f8a750c302b0d3a6e43bd20b07d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438822303.jpg?k=8b91c9ac7f6a9f3486861f1d9840b8ba050ac5e1d420771c99c0ac47b353585a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438817075.jpg?k=79c13e3459e8e4cd78588390cb48ed553cd38e9e5f4613b6217925b7c7e8942e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438818453.jpg?k=894329c236c10f03fc75f6152fc247c46d09914d3d1760cac247d2ef08643161&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438817759.jpg?k=d2cfa56b40d4eedd7c8caeb79360afbf232ac8a69f3734c370069a45a22ef714&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438822430.jpg?k=61cb69a0ddde1cb7c5e04e6184a1e4e765e654d677960b24a1d9f3f8c53c25fe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Shower"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room with Shower"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Imperial Fish Berat 100 m"\n  - "Pizza Hallall Medine 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lydia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Breakfast was included to the price and it was good, location was perfect, the staff was amazing.”"\n  - name: "Fran"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Hanna’s is a friendly, welcoming place. They have a generous breakfast with lots of variety including fresh fruit and Albanian staples. The staff are very helpful and supportive. The big common area is great for meeting other travellers or...”"\n  - name: "Tatiana"\n    country: "Colombia"\n    text: "“Close to everything, clean, luminous, personal super attentive and kind.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/matias-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hannas Hostel are thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment for guests. The provision of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the hassle-free experience. Each room is meticulously prepared with a wardrobe, and select units feature a private bathroom complete with a bidet, slippers, a hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries. For added comfort, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Morning at Hannas Hostel begins with a delightful breakfast buffet, offering a variety of continental options alongside local specialties, fresh fruits, and juice. The presence of a coffee shop on-site, along with a convenient minimarket, ensures that guests' needs are fully catered to throughout their stay.

For those eager to explore the surroundings, Hannas Hostel provides both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy to venture out into Berat and beyond. Additionally, for guests arriving from afar, the property offers a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 118 km away, ensuring a seamless travel experience from start to finish.

Hannas Hostel emerges as a top choice for travelers in search of a blend of local charm and modern amenities, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Berat.