---\ntitle: "Happy Corner Guest House"\ndescription: "Happy Corner Guest House, located in the vibrant city of Shkodër, offers a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an authentic experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486384795.jpg?k=14750eb91ee86260279990ce80bb1951dfee48a64814196032a868f85d9bc959&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: happy-corner-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Vladimir Jani 21, Shkolla Branko Kadia, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.070199\n  lng: 19.517859\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 70\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486384795.jpg?k=14750eb91ee86260279990ce80bb1951dfee48a64814196032a868f85d9bc959&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384272789.jpg?k=89b12d2acaf2d6bd152a4afa29fe22303156790cba89556b4d260ac4bf68b326&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465640196.jpg?k=6db11b773f731c582a99caee764e0b442bf77f196d9bfddc2aa5330f586c71ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510334844.jpg?k=c34d4882626633648a4b502e9f9c4addc6a36c4094df917efda2aeb71d0b7a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384267925.jpg?k=8d5d22f20bd908c6c2e0d157ea1b9ef142e6e5018e9f48638bea4f879e8bcec8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384267741.jpg?k=0ab0c7fe21ab35d12fca1d600010b43ea7b252a5c507b0a6145209caa5484a52&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Family Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Molinari 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe - CREMONA 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.3 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Victoria"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Dori is very Nice ! He make us feel very confortable, the dog Poppi is the cutest ! We really enjoyed ours stay”"\n  - name: "Zdenek"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Excellent location in the center. Very friendly atmosphere. Clean room and all shared areas (kitchen, bathroom, tv room). Helpful staff. Easy check it & arrival. Parking and internet available. We enjoyed our last stay here, so we arrived once...”"\n  - name: "Lukas"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Great location. Very carying owner. Very safe place.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relaxs-station.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Happy Corner Guest House are designed with the guest in mind, featuring essential comforts such as a wardrobe, and including bed linen and towels in every room. The shared kitchen and barbecue facilities encourage a sense of community and provide an excellent opportunity for guests to mingle and share stories of their adventures.

For those looking to explore the local area, the guest house offers bike and car rental services, making it easy to venture out into Shkodër's renowned cycling routes. The proximity to Podgorica Airport, just 58 km away, adds to the convenience, making Happy Corner Guest House an ideal choice for both short stays and longer explorations of the region.