---\ntitle: "Hard Rock Apartments"\ndescription: "Hard Rock Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure by the sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422313625.jpg?k=07a6e2529707eab2c584695d82d2ccccf32f1c0305e8eaba312296dc39f7e504&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hard-rock-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha 300, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87222841\n  lng: 19.9935813\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422313625.jpg?k=07a6e2529707eab2c584695d82d2ccccf32f1c0305e8eaba312296dc39f7e504&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466672546.jpg?k=772db35b6ec66e271a9ca8fc74e1739c6b8f7a3557284b05d245f850a113b1a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466672902.jpg?k=b2fdb9771fe1d13e131a17230ed9240e2771f5e296bd11debd47ea6d3f9244a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466672761.jpg?k=81d5a7f2d38358d2275db8b5eb1cf2f1ed349117113641c6db38940c82156b12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466672679.jpg?k=08f49fa5800a3caff3e951583196668ab852ba3ab844240f8cb4c623167d18c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469678463.jpg?k=5589d2e38acc8fd79944ca9756790f172bfe9d3e403520652c25130871770195&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419746370.jpg?k=427e9ab5f9a593656af58e4edf098196b9ec6c0047f7f130a8efd115c4bcd32f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419746877.jpg?k=0495a9fa04b4d0ed025c80fe89c904ed43c9e19165b048d44f38450968e9a044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420675187.jpg?k=21640ad3624d63cd9c2a763bd764e5798969b40310905b7bd53a6a2440b24351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420674275.jpg?k=a8e626127300252dc51727f922036c256803f0463865cbb3725d3753732d5cb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419747438.jpg?k=369eb6ee83186b64b3292a899d12e2a183389c0c998dff38e0d68980f54b28a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420678848.jpg?k=de475b512fc3f9054cd601627a3c480db7226981ad1da074a4660d2053d2c072&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (474 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fredi 7 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Juli-jane"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“The apartment was beautiful, clean and with a stunning wiev. Decent size balcony. The place has a semi functional kitchen and a washing machine for clothes. Loved this place.”"\n  - name: "Volha"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice view from the apartment. In October this area is very quite but there are still few places open. Very fast access to the beach. Walkable distance to the centre. Very comfortable bed and generally very clean. Great big balcony overlooking...”"\n  - name: "Jurgita"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Very good place to stay with family near the beach. The apartment was clean and comfortable, the hosts was helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bobi-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hard Rock Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each unit is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those moments when unwinding indoors is preferred. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and private bathroom with comprehensive amenities, including a hair dryer, walk-in shower, and bath, underscores the aparthotel's commitment to guest satisfaction. Moreover, the convenience of having a toaster, fridge, kitchenware, coffee machine, and kettle at one's disposal adds a touch of home-away-from-home.

Dining at the on-site restaurant is an experience in itself, with a menu that caters to diverse palates for dinner, lunch, brunch, and even cocktails. This ensures that every meal is an opportunity to savor and enjoy.

For those eager to explore the vibrant surroundings of Sarandë, Hard Rock Apartments does not disappoint. The property is ideally located for guests to engage in a variety of activities, from hiking and cycling to fishing and canoeing. The convenience of a car rental service arranged by the aparthotel further enhances the exploratory experience, allowing guests to discover the area's hidden gems at their own pace.

Beyond its immediate surroundings, the aparthotel is conveniently positioned a short distance from other local attractions, with Saranda Bay Beach and Saranda City Beach within easy reach. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km away, making Hard Rock Apartments an accessible choice for both domestic and overseas visitors.

In summary, Hard Rock Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and adventure of Sarandë, offering a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration opportunities.