---\ntitle: "Haris Hotel"\ndescription: "Haris Hotel, located a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Vlore Beach in Vlorë, stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410532056.jpg?k=e4e225a8b108a08ff2af720fa7e4274e8063f2ce27a5c68a66a467dc256dcc49&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: haris-hotel\naddress: "Rruga.Murat Terbaci, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44770125\n  lng: 19.49387499\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410532056.jpg?k=e4e225a8b108a08ff2af720fa7e4274e8063f2ce27a5c68a66a467dc256dcc49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465840464.jpg?k=38e8d14be22be8998056a838edbf64dff9e0938adaf157f23f48ab29c97197b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465840363.jpg?k=8ca8ee944b23ec729d576b542b511b9033660fad9b3bbb88597ac5afa85ba56c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465839989.jpg?k=6df2c0c99a4ab92751279bcf180ca4308ebd9bf86dc53ce7c272f7781bd79a4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465834264.jpg?k=f008f61814841f75f9ef75befea86377a97094564ef830f8ab60e6d7bba40238&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465834196.jpg?k=d54c397f3cea7db7f4baab0d5dc032ecb3c35594ad2fb82795d62d4b067f1258&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Plaja 50 m"\n  - "Patio 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 40 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.3 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Angelo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I sleep for one night to this hotel location in lungomare vlora city difront to the beach,it was evrything perfect.,reception speak english and italian
Room comfort with balcony sea view ,clean,bad 35cm slep very well.
in the morning i eat very...”"\n  - name: "Ihor"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Very close to the sea. Beautiful views.
Close to everything, bus stops, cafe and restaurants.
Very clean room and bathroom.
Staff was very kind and helpful.
The breakfast was great.
The beautiful hotel for a family...”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Hotel in posizione strategica, personale e proprietari gentile ed educati. Ottima colazione. Stanza vista mare con balcone calda e pulitissima. Ci ritornerò sicuramente... fortemente consigliato”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/haris-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering well-appointed rooms, each equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The private bathrooms are a haven of cleanliness, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and refreshing stay. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms also offer terraces, providing a perfect spot to soak in the surroundings. Comfort is further accentuated with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all rooms.

Mornings at Haris Hotel begin on a high note with a choice of continental or Italian breakfast, promising a delightful start to the day. 

Located conveniently close to the hotel, Ri Beach and Vjetër Beach are within easy reach, lying 1.5 km and 1.7 km away respectively, inviting guests to explore the local coastline's beauty. For those traveling from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making Haris Hotel an accessible retreat for both domestic and international visitors.

With a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, room service, and complimentary WiFi, Haris Hotel ensures a seamless and worry-free experience for all guests, making it a preferred choice for those visiting Vlorë.