---\ntitle: "Harmony Apartments"\ndescription: "Harmony Apartments emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408368601.jpg?k=5e3cc4faa36b52a3a8ff57b204ff69a7ce934240f5c7ed5cfc13473819215e98&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: harmony-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88354318\n  lng: 20.00176904\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408368601.jpg?k=5e3cc4faa36b52a3a8ff57b204ff69a7ce934240f5c7ed5cfc13473819215e98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408370908.jpg?k=d2c684a10914f53899be6ac89f03b8c5f0fee99639d609c1e93e362acd995d37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408370857.jpg?k=9d0701931fa9402550430134c4c93eb8c6e6e78e1e1733efadf5b291e462cea0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408371397.jpg?k=77f6817442e8df20b89abb7e53b008f9973bff34163c15f62c5ec2f4416ceab7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408371600.jpg?k=4809df3a2bb96613423f8091f9d1c4e96ce556108545488f83ffc7a562c8cae9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408371239.jpg?k=6bfdcedbfca8f2104ae407fa4fb6a6bb2900f35e89ad00836ff0e0071648dcfe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 600 m"\n  - "Maliq coffee shop 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Umberto"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Super quiet location away from tourists, bars and restaurants”"\n  - name: "Besmir"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was okay,the woman there was so helpful and the room was very clean and tidy!”"\n  - name: "Adelina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very kind and promptly answered any questions during our stay. Whenever we asked for something she was there straightaway. Rooms were clean, spacious and super comfortable.She changed our beds during our stay and gave us clean towels...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/harmony-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Harmony Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to make their stay as relaxing and convenient as possible. Free private parking ensures a hassle-free arrival, while complimentary WiFi throughout the property keeps visitors connected. The highlight, however, might just be the sun terrace, offering a perfect spot for unwinding under the Albanian sky.

Accommodations at Harmony Apartments are thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts and conveniences. Each unit boasts air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those moments when only a night in will do. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, minibar, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, adding a touch of home to their travels. The private bathrooms, complete with bidets, bathrobes, and hair dryers, add an extra layer of luxury, ensuring a comfortable and pampering stay.

For those eager to explore, Saranda Bay Beach lies just a stone's throw away, offering another beautiful spot for relaxation and sunbathing. Further afield, the historical wonders of Butrint National Park await, promising a fascinating day out just 18 km from the aparthotel. With Ioannina Airport 98 km away, Harmony Apartments serves as an ideal base for both local and international travelers seeking a memorable escape in Sarandë.