---\ntitle: "Hazmurat Hotel"\ndescription: "Hazmurat Hotel, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, presents a serene retreat just a stone's throw away from the tranquil Zaravina Lake, accessible within a 44 km drive."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482189457.jpg?k=56bd5b415fd29509abb7ccc9b3b5e32e74a69e0dba35c6e2a3780480835e4bcd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hazmurat-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Alqi Kondi, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07844495\n  lng: 20.14252606\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482189457.jpg?k=56bd5b415fd29509abb7ccc9b3b5e32e74a69e0dba35c6e2a3780480835e4bcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482189976.jpg?k=4bfed35d4c7d91b49534e3c73b9b3150ce614140f5ab495b514bd4b31c708dad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482190507.jpg?k=d49bd9e4ce330ec04a8fcce54c64898591bcbaaf177f4b219030b1880018e7ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491303983.jpg?k=63b36da7042500342ac1feda8066e0b00051634dd6e5f475e484034df2af42af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482188036.jpg?k=9af384f8c5c4c46e28eed8dc141d7a53abfd5742099738b80ca0ec2362907902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482030402.jpg?k=5b5ac4486d86d3a0ed511690f198c6849e4091dde345eaa0f00d229525c89408&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bukowski Bar 100 m"\n  - "Friends 300 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hasan"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Good hotel. Rooms in classic style and very tasteful. Very good breakfast. The owner Klementi is an informed and very communicative person. The hotel is located in the old part of the city and everything we were in Gjirokastër for was nearby”"\n  - name: "Darlene"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Small hotel, host very kind and attentive.
Location close to the centre of town less than 10 min walk. Walking distance to the bus station, 10 min downhill.”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A very new place in a classic house. The owner is a very friendly guy who took good care of us. Nice sitting area on the terrace with a view of the castle. Everything was in walking distance and there is parking available just in front of the house.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hazmurat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hazmurat Hotel is meticulously designed for comfort and functionality, equipped with a desk, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom. Guests can expect the added touches of luxury with plush bed linen and towels in every room. For added comfort, all accommodations are fitted with air conditioning and ample wardrobe space, ensuring a stay that combines the essence of home with the sophistication of hotel living.

For travelers flying in, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 82 km away, making Hazmurat Hotel an accessible haven for both domestic and international guests seeking a blend of historical charm and modern convenience.