---\ntitle: "HB Apartments Vlore"\ndescription: "HB Apartments Vlore emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Vlorë, a stone's throw away from the serene Vjetër Beach, the historic Independence Square, and the iconic Kuzum Baba."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512944221.jpg?k=37324cb4f3989a313bec01c888d1e1a4bb9efc70a9ea8107b92f6f1cea8b2d7c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hb-apartments-vlore\naddress: "Rr.Hasan Kushta, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46100586\n  lng: 19.48569725\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512944221.jpg?k=37324cb4f3989a313bec01c888d1e1a4bb9efc70a9ea8107b92f6f1cea8b2d7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520892364.jpg?k=e95f0fcc695b3e6c69c3188f4952c805fdcc6075c8e778a2936eacd7b5ddb656&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519251279.jpg?k=b776cbbdfbf700d0e2eb204c6df8bf6904200fcaaae31560c18dd947ea8b864b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520890934.jpg?k=38e1b6b23887da71e6371989f75459aec6e7ee7c1dcbaf03aa43e817614b5d3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519261669.jpg?k=5597fedc0089df8f2411f06d4f28cff33d80ffd32cad722545f4ac1e03b76171&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520892403.jpg?k=562ce40d503fcd7bb0f55949d92699b4626db63d6941f78e334c5b6d0738500f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Albano & Romina 150 m"\n  - "Restorant Andoni 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1,000 m"\n  - "Independence Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hb-apartments-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, creating a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. Guests can relax in the spacious seating area, catching up on their favorite shows via the flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services. The inclusion of a fully outfitted kitchen and dining area allows for intimate meals in the privacy of one's accommodation, while the private bathroom comes stocked with complimentary toiletries, featuring a bidet and a refreshing shower. The promise of privacy and exclusivity is fulfilled with private entrances to all units, complemented by the provision of crisp bed linen and soft towels.

For those looking to cater to their everyday needs without venturing far, the apartment complex houses a convenient minimarket. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service on premises encourages exploration of Vlorë’s picturesque surroundings and beyond.

Located merely 2 km from the inviting Vlore Beach and within a manageable distance of 149 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, HB Apartments Vlore stands as an ideal base for both leisure and adventure in this vibrant coastal city.