---\ntitle: "Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516908871.jpg?k=f48ed199c499c45b47870a44cd6af990f7f29d2318610106a11d32de86e01c02&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: heart-of-tirana\naddress: "3 Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32983088\n  lng: 19.82216643\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516908871.jpg?k=f48ed199c499c45b47870a44cd6af990f7f29d2318610106a11d32de86e01c02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420295340.jpg?k=7335a29c1cacfbe81f340cfe44c4517d343672f10e79f375828fa646c15055ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520835693.jpg?k=e809a48e91b4557e514765c68e1f7f5be44ff45cf674246109b9b3cb97e8ea97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429880573.jpg?k=3833c2dca3f3afcd92a7d55c10b66959b8121d58d3a566009c790d819c2e94f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429880824.jpg?k=bc969625d007ae96b75b89aa50a431d9bcddfe8d852188839a19a6e630936101&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429882368.jpg?k=cd6195d8ff3df5ac3055f12593d64b9572a9ee4c343422385c7f1fab3dc79d2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420295297.jpg?k=555912fe78da43a823b04bd0fc6f24c368724aa8b5237b4767c733f7f5d27b58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423390463.jpg?k=33c6673a629afb6ac7d232a0475885312c7f2ce4445bb7969d61a3fd4795340f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516908897.jpg?k=eaf99b398e86a335be00fe4f68b608cb2fd1ceb49c39a63c43a0151072939395&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "Opa - Greek Street Food (9 Katëshet) 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alara"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The location of the house is really beautiful. Right in the center of the city. After getting on the bus from the airport, he welcomed me and took me home. He was both a guide and a very nice host. The view of the house is simply magnificent. The...”"\n  - name: "Jakub"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Our host waited for us till 3 a.m. (delayed flight) what we are thankful for. Apartment is spacious, has great balcony view and good location. Good place for 1-2 nights.”"\n  - name: "Rul's"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Location was perfect and host was very kind!! Our flight was delayed he stayed up until 3 am to check us in. Everything jn the apartment was on point and the view from the apartment was amazing. Highly recommended!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/heart-of-tirana-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis guest house boasts a spacious layout, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom, and comprehensive amenities such as bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of air conditioning, a lift, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property ensures a comfortable and connected stay for all guests.

One of the standout features of Heart of Tirana is its balcony, offering breathtaking mountain views. The outdoor dining area presents an idyllic setting for guests to savor their meals while soaking in the city's panoramic vistas. Additionally, the property's location on a quiet street allows for peaceful and restful nights.

Noteworthy nearby sites include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Heart of Tirana stands out as a top accommodation choice for those wishing to immerse themselves in the culture and beauty of Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of location, amenities, and serene city views.