---\ntitle: "Heksamil Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Heksamil Hotel, a prime destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204826588.jpg?k=a9411fb09dbc2619bf55eeb2059a5a26f30fc70c5038a5aad85e07cb712cd35e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: heksamil-hotel\naddress: "SH81, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77697026\n  lng: 20.00822246\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 277\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204826588.jpg?k=a9411fb09dbc2619bf55eeb2059a5a26f30fc70c5038a5aad85e07cb712cd35e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362733627.jpg?k=35fb1202f38361aa1dadf14b2db2d616f615d6b49a89ca651ed6bd3ec551a552&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306354561.jpg?k=d6482d85fd69b392afc50d3beaecc95c16b5cc395cf6595ce1bc9a85ea29fc54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306347868.jpg?k=44a25009bee3e13247e9a7b490428dd998fb1f7233bdc56f76688030ec8eea06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306348194.jpg?k=f9f7386618dc6b6a1b2607e2272c9fb4324c94b38ccd422ca49acc4cc27eda09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306347856.jpg?k=9f71e1884b6d5a250737dda3501b9bb211346c33db0f253ec5e16664e35c7dc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306347565.jpg?k=fe1b148b3be2c6e6b0efd0aa60e7d99e2f4d058cff477913e2ee7f7aca48c086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306347402.jpg?k=dffe50ceab394bfbe63cd17987960a028ee069108a1733e2cb20595a56f33174&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306348198.jpg?k=2680c321c6aafd44d88a1269f6bb2845b17f34af7cac88401ecdc669797efdbf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Heksamil 30 m"\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 250 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 950 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chloe"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was amazing, the hotel was spotless and the pool was lovely. The staff where so friendly and the breakfast they do is really nice. It’s a super short walk to the local beaches and it’s a bit quieter than some of the hotels on the...”"\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel is brand new and very comfortable. Our room was very spacious, had a balcony and a nice bathroom. The staff was absolutely amazing with us, very helpful and proactive. They arranged a car rental for us, beach towels and even needle and...”"\n  - name: "Amir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Had a wonderful stay at Heksamil with family! The hotel was clean and sleek, only 5minutes walk to a really nice beach. The pool was also great.
But the best part of the experience was the staff. Tani and his team were SO lovely and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/heksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned studio at Heksamil Hotel is a haven of comfort, featuring soundproofing for a tranquil retreat, a TV for entertainment, and a refrigerator for convenience. The highlight, however, is the balcony that opens up to breathtaking sea views, promising guests a picturesque start and end to their day. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower and toilet, ensuring privacy and comfort.

For those who prefer the tranquility of a private pool, Heksamil Hotel does not disappoint. It offers an exclusive aquatic escape, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of complimentary parking adds to the hassle-free experience of staying here.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to local dining options, with a restaurant just around the corner ready to satisfy any cravings. Moreover, the vibrant city center of Sarande is merely 12 km away, offering a plethora of dining, shopping, and entertainment options.

Heksamil Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers who seek a blend of comfort, convenience, and the allure of the Albanian Riviera.