---\ntitle: "Helen's House"\ndescription: "Helen's House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74148734.jpg?k=e545b0aa5505fc16b1aa8d91e01b890386e96c5a1793b499782c75d0321428fd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: helen-s-house\naddress: "Ismail Qemali, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77426469\n  lng: 20.00452638\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74148734.jpg?k=e545b0aa5505fc16b1aa8d91e01b890386e96c5a1793b499782c75d0321428fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284624.jpg?k=6b884741a8d810df7a59d728f441072059a33843d6304e96d8e02413559d3bb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204158525.jpg?k=634cc065f108d1119faa3e6151d51de7d4acf88937e1a9290e5d2ec6039b3e72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284603.jpg?k=49fb1289f18e35db45319d9257e736910880c47f3b8d21a3e40b5a3e9b9dd35d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204158839.jpg?k=5bc99146b51ef3ba1043612fe26bb523788b6de2bcfe74c716e89162bc3a585a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284666.jpg?k=2783c7032e3851736c591f0fbc266e0ae625e6525f57ea758eae386a543e19b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284635.jpg?k=ce56c81c10733acb91e9bd8b708d2b3beb003e7755e6a287a656f25d8c74e749&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284641.jpg?k=7f462e0e8bba817011de34faa58e829c83547e734aa89e184f8d9420af280772&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204284597.jpg?k=f0ac987ac1e7662f79cc7bac3d1016bae840980a694a652eace267e21b336c4e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shakesbeer 50 m"\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Charming family and hostess. Spotlessly clean. Ample space. Well situated. Good views. Quiet. Everything new”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was fantastic and only a short walk to all the central beaches in Kasmil. It's also really close to some cafes, shop and some lovely restaurants. Eirini welcomed us and was so helpful and friendly during our stay. She even let us stay...”"\n  - name: "Miklós"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The place was extremely clean and nicely organised. Our host was really friendly, and was willing to help with anything. Everything was within a comfortable walking distance.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/helen-39-s-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Helen's House is designed to cater to the needs of families and groups, featuring spacious family rooms that open up to terraces with stunning mountain vistas. The living areas are thoughtfully furnished with comfortable seating and equipped with flat-screen TVs, allowing guests to unwind in style. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, including a toaster and fridge, adds a touch of home, while the private bathrooms come with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, alongside patios adorned with outdoor furniture that overlook lush garden views, inviting guests to savor moments of tranquility. The garden itself is a serene retreat where one can relax and soak in the natural ambiance of the surroundings.

Situated merely 700 meters from Coco Beach and less than a kilometer from Ksamil Beach 7, Helen's House positions itself as an ideal base for beach enthusiasts and explorers alike. For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km away, adds an element of convenience to travel plans.

In summary, Helen's House stands out as a welcoming haven that promises a memorable stay with its combination of serene views, comfortable accommodations, and strategic location close to Ksamil's top beaches.