---\ntitle: "Helga's Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Helga's Guesthouse, located on the picturesque shores of Lin, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999925.jpg?k=61d059acff5dc261e455cb491acfb56e13d6bf9f23ce57585402baf483fc729b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: helga-s-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga e Linit,Lin,7301 Pogradec, 7301 Lin, Albania"\ncity: "Lin"\nlocation: "Lin"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.06559162\n  lng: 20.64450377\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 78\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447999925.jpg?k=61d059acff5dc261e455cb491acfb56e13d6bf9f23ce57585402baf483fc729b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448005210.jpg?k=5043f3dce401c6c6b175198e8ee973cae3bb0f83c1673340a7c28b5a953b0716&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383864395.jpg?k=4b4da317c29acc27b6f76b12fc5358983fea89ef7e863282baea6d9e7d64146a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382797224.jpg?k=d2e7f2376a9a39638b8d21480ac2c9dbd0b97f43c2274f97a95be11d8b9225f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382797232.jpg?k=32617a617937d37ae15488463a88564bce8e5f82fd3bab4e9e124a018c97569b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448001888.jpg?k=93ca793d6e1ea9a536c5a94662e13d289bd3276537c7bba572c2bd35c5a5faac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 43 100 m"\n  - "Korca 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 4 km"\n  - "Nature Museum 13 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 14 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 14 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 14 km"\n  - "Upper Gate 14 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 14 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 14 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 85 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 86 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stoepker"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Wonderful location with great views on the lake. Quiet area, comfortable bed. Some short hiking trails nearby. Very nice quality of the building, garden and decorations, especially compared to some of the other Albanian properties we had stayed...”"\n  - name: "Liyuan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It’s so new, beautiful and well maintained. The showering room took our fatigue away! The breakfast is 100% recommended, healthy, fresh and tasty. Such a great time in Helga’s house.💚”"\n  - name: "Sam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff on site really made it. Gi made me feel very welcome, was always on hand and offering me whatever it is I might want. And most importantly he made me feel comfortable asking for things.
The room was beautiful and I really loved the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/helgas-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe guesthouse prides itself on its array of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room is equipped with modern conveniences such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, a minibar, and a coffee machine. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where guests can find a bidet and hair dryer, alongside the provision of free WiFi throughout the property. Select rooms also boast balconies, offering private vistas of the surrounding mountains, while all guests can enjoy the added comfort of complimentary bed linen and towels.

Dining at Helga's Guesthouse is an experience in itself, with the family-friendly restaurant serving a diverse menu of international dishes for lunch, dinner, and high tea. The ambiance of the dining area, coupled with the quality of the cuisine, makes for memorable meals.

For those looking to explore, the guesthouse offers sightseeing tours, allowing guests to discover the rich history and natural beauty of the area. Families will appreciate the outdoor fireplace and children's playground, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Located a convenient distance from both the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid, and with Ohrid Airport just 28 km away, Helga's Guesthouse is not only accessible but stands as a perfect base for exploring the wonders of the region. With free private parking and the option of a paid airport shuttle service, guests are afforded every convenience for a stress-free stay.

In summary, Helga's Guesthouse emerges as a top-tier choice for those in pursuit of relaxation, natural beauty, and a touch of adventure, making it a must-visit destination on any traveler's list.