---\ntitle: "Helga’s Deluxe 3 Apartment"\ndescription: "Helga's Deluxe 3 Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793760.jpg?k=c84b58350c4620dab4edf74954f761144d427251e2458e5511b204018be8ed7c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: helga-s-deluxe-3-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Jorga, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32305972\n  lng: 19.8091243\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793760.jpg?k=c84b58350c4620dab4edf74954f761144d427251e2458e5511b204018be8ed7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793731.jpg?k=bf27b9933d9bf7d0cbf6c327ea3dae56aede0b86ddf23cd48bf91dda7e21b494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793725.jpg?k=587d673f4625516a481971ecc36880d56f4cf93e6f152cd3714beca1b0534fd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793774.jpg?k=fea1bb1be2f36299026a9b271b9e091ffa28cf83274106713605ec44ed4e7de6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793751.jpg?k=fb1bfa9faa3109c87dea91408389e9ad9c914ad0bee2b72572eb0c9221184306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520146712.jpg?k=a5bf2e83206fdcd70acd584d7d610baecaac4ea86e76cb101208cda31bb4145c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793781.jpg?k=db1d3fa1ac740ee1c45101fb6e8e2c9f3f21e556a7e17588a7c1d0d63d3e8f5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793755.jpg?k=5f1b20c865c71265f5b396b12b137e7dd96c857232716017029cec868b6694db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410793706.jpg?k=29288b6ff2dab6ae4dca469a36b8d91f4d5eda8ef65614b35b7ccc4b3754ed15&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grepi I Arte 20 m"\n  - "Thejollytaxpayer 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andreea"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Everything. The house was tidy, beds were amazing, the host kept in touch with us all the time providing all of the information necessary. Thank you very much for everything!”"\n  - name: "Luzie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We never met the host, but the communication was excellent. I appreciated that we did not have to worry about the check in, as the instructions were sent to us beforehand and were very clear. We really liked the set up with the table in the...”"\n  - name: "Bozkurt"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Merkezde olması güzeldi temiz ailecek kalınabilecek bir apart . Ev sahibiyle bire bir görüşmedik ama her şeyle ilgiliydi”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/helgas-deluxe-3-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a living experience. The apartment boasts a generous layout, featuring two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony that invites guests to unwind in a spacious setting. The inclusion of a well-equipped kitchen caters to those who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals, while a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment needs are met.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. Complimentary WiFi blankets the property, ensuring connectivity is never an issue. Convenience is further amplified by the presence of an elevator and a minimarket on-site, catering to everyday needs.

For those keen to explore, Helga's Deluxe 3 Apartment is ideally situated near popular attractions such as Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, is complemented by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Helga's Deluxe 3 Apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing Tirana's rich culture and convenience, wrapped up in the comfort of a home-like setting.