---\ntitle: "Helia's Apartments Shkembi Kavajes"\ndescription: "Helia's Apartments Shkembi Kavajes emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Durrës, perfectly positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and a brief stroll from the bustling Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318446.jpg?k=48b3779f6656691955ce8de013c955754b7be6aec60bbacc2c403861711738d7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: helia-s-apartments-shkembi-kavajes\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28375278\n  lng: 19.51388667\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318446.jpg?k=48b3779f6656691955ce8de013c955754b7be6aec60bbacc2c403861711738d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469389403.jpg?k=35772be6e99eb4a395d00a68176143dc24c2a213b5d00b3a7b5b26179d069135&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318818.jpg?k=b6bce6487cd70a111c5818a55f3b13cf988416bdc395268de2116b797025dc0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318602.jpg?k=c0aef5b78d5b3adb2d0cf373fb7da917e27cd2df7c2766075fbf598d30810036&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318829.jpg?k=3fa6c2296335af721d71789a17b2fcac970b413fd0c2615e1c3c92b8d92c6634&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469318592.jpg?k=1a92624a1d3aed9320f3b2ac1fb39782853f62ab5f9e21ce143ce00132a5e6ae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Boss Tetova 50 m"\n  - "Restorant ANXHELSON 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Srdjan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Everything was great for us from the moment we arrived until we left for home without any complaints...”"\n  - name: "Bojana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment is located near the beach. Rooms and bedding are clean, beds are comfortable. The staff is very friendly, communicative, all the best.”"\n  - name: "Xhevahir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location was great quite short distance to the beach, towels available, presentation of room, peaceful. Had air conditioning for the hot nights. Had enough space for the 4 of us and any utensils and hardware we needed when eating. So all was good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/helias-apartments-shkembi-kavajes.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex caters to families and groups with its spacious family rooms, each air-conditioned for comfort in the Mediterranean climate. The highlight of these apartments is undoubtedly the fully equipped kitchen in every unit, providing guests with the freedom to craft their own culinary experiences during their stay. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and hair dryer, adds to the home-away-from-home feel, complemented by the provision of free WiFi across the premises. Select units further enhance the stay with the inclusion of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind.

For those incidental needs or quick snacks, the on-site minimarket proves incredibly convenient. Guests looking to explore beyond the immediate comforts of their apartment will find Golem Beach just a short drive away, offering another picturesque option for sun-seekers. The cultural heart of Albania, Skanderbeg Square, is accessible at 41 km, presenting an opportunity for a day trip into the historical and vibrant capital city. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 35 km away, ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Helia's Apartments Shkembi Kavajes stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of independence, comfort, and accessibility in their Durrës accommodation.