---\ntitle: "Helia Hotel"\ndescription: "Helia Hotel, located in the vibrant heart of Sarandë and a mere stone's throw from the pristine beach, offers guests an exceptional stay with its blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517395174.jpg?k=e8127ec13a4f5bdf2c71314f943f62260d054d7ef0907c786cd9c2e895a9d3d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: helia-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85904157\n  lng: 20.02078312\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517395174.jpg?k=e8127ec13a4f5bdf2c71314f943f62260d054d7ef0907c786cd9c2e895a9d3d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517395173.jpg?k=354f70adb083b972066a2fdfaa3d42d47344ef4ff5954a0e86c9d413b1c719dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517395170.jpg?k=330e9d36cb71ca5fe667b72ee9813450756b4eef54544338926a604c05b61de2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517367223.jpg?k=d4381d2915c98996606d1a565ff23bed25b2ee86828aaa29cff061612901d1cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517366321.jpg?k=3c79654e9521b469b8b3dfa745691e45b55d5e7e021dd21ca9892751ad0ce622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517366924.jpg?k=2e528e3fca3cafc809d25682a99157faf6c9aea420f23807ed98cca60f693bcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517366431.jpg?k=aa6f66ade89461ae34010567e7abed54ce8bdce3fed9403ed5acd2a4ca521599&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517366313.jpg?k=3022ba744a00ac62f4de82990c193d8d1eb1fa47d166581e7c78b54d325aa4e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517366380.jpg?k=57bd574a9c612c8347ac9cf3aab9493dbd177a3148c7d8af0836c6bbdee6b773&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koral 50 m"\n  - "The Meat House Sarande 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 50 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 350 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chiriac"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The first thing I liked about this stay was that this is very clean and the people are very nice. Cleaning was made every day and towels were also changed every day, meanwhile the bed sheets every 3 days. The room has a spectacular view. Also the...”"\n  - name: "Pp"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“It is close to the sea and had a great view from the balcony. The room was clean and staff was friendly. Overall it is good for the price.”"\n  - name: "Marija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location is perfect. The best beaches in Saranda (Santa Quaranta and Mango) are very close to the hotel. The center of Saranda is about 3km away, which is excellent for night walk 🙂.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mario-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Helia Hotel are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting an array of satellite channels, alongside essential amenities such as a desk for those needing to stay productive. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, with select rooms offering captivating city views that add a touch of charm to your stay. Comfort is paramount, with air conditioning and ample wardrobe space standard in all guest rooms.

Mornings at Helia Hotel are greeted with a delightful buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's prime location not only places guests within easy reach of Sarandë's beautiful beach but also offers convenient access to Corfu Town, just 28 km away, and Glyfada, 35 km distant, for those looking to venture further.

Helia Hotel stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of style, service, and location in Sarandë.