---\ntitle: "HERIS'S APARTMENT"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of HERIS'S APARTMENT, a prime accommodation choice for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659627.jpg?k=6b6b31bed6c89e1b4d3e9becce86251806ab8aa31c59a41c3f7a1fea7ee42660&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: heris-s-apartment\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curi Pallatet Agimi, prane Ami Event, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32277997\n  lng: 19.81666474\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659627.jpg?k=6b6b31bed6c89e1b4d3e9becce86251806ab8aa31c59a41c3f7a1fea7ee42660&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659668.jpg?k=07c3814c6f4c5ce2f7db51cf88156f635237ca886142d6e8bc8178feaf34aeb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377938030.jpg?k=413044f371d2463aff974b97565f02e9a6e2d613af3e062dce89dde2ba8ce79f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659709.jpg?k=e77bebb9b3470a2698c168c30d5d4942b04e6974067b1cb3b67abbaa29a9ffcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377938126.jpg?k=1c0c3be5f01b8ecedd86e7f58dcc54a23ffc6edc0697d828b75f93fad823a35b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659712.jpg?k=a03a79218b8e3b1210e29d2e11553f41122d8fceab5e0cd292b53ebfb13907d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659687.jpg?k=2c4ea552544c72845cbd48e3fb9750c8146c1ae2d214c7dc474466525896d75e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659672.jpg?k=e72a99ffb378aab08b8969efa2ff4e8609c98dcdeda36c9e20b24e6f321a6f52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376659665.jpg?k=d19c308926bd594528046e33f84d17a0b24a3e60e9f2feebd857f0700bb22fdd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Magnolia Studio 50 m"\n  - "Canada Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katja"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very comfortable and big appartment in the center of Tirana. It was the perfect location to start excursions, to go back for a relaxation break and then starting the next round. The hosts are really nice and responded to our needs. Everything is...”"\n  - name: "Youssef"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We felt very welcome, the host was very friendly and accommodating. It's a great spot to discover the city. And at night still very quiet to sleep. Thank you so much!”"\n  - name: "Betty"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“They were very helpful and accommodating. Great little apartment in a great location!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/heris-39-s-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nHERIS'S APARTMENT stands out for its modern amenities and thoughtful touches designed to make guests feel at home. The air-conditioned apartment features a spacious bedroom, a living room that invites relaxation, and a dining area perfect for enjoying meals. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home comfort to their travel experience. For a sweet treat, chocolates or cookies are provided, adding a personal touch to the welcoming atmosphere.

Entertainment is readily available with a satellite flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows after a day of exploration. The inclusion of free WiFi keeps visitors connected, whether it's for sharing memories with loved ones or planning the next day's adventures.

Situated near must-visit landmarks such as Rinia Park, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the House of Leaves, guests have the luxury of short commutes to some of Tirana's most notable attractions. The apartment's location also offers easy access to the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, making it a convenient spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and history.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, ensuring a hassle-free journey to and from the accommodation. Whether visiting for leisure or business, HERIS'S APARTMENT provides a serene retreat amidst the hustle and bustle of Tirana, promising a stay that combines comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to explore the best of what the city has to offer.