---\ntitle: "Hi Apartments S1 City Center self check in 24h"\ndescription: "Hi Apartments S1 City Center self check in 24h stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the convenience of city living in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035793.jpg?k=4c6269cba94d401ba5c4a3aa52f65a1fb4010dc8f4ea73a61c9de062c990707e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hi-apartments-s1-city-center-self-check-in-24h\naddress: "Rruga Xhemal Tafaj Build nr.5, apartment nr.9, 2nd floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33383238\n  lng: 19.8245452\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035793.jpg?k=4c6269cba94d401ba5c4a3aa52f65a1fb4010dc8f4ea73a61c9de062c990707e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035852.jpg?k=76d38f04c979cd6db9d8bc5f7e25fb5e4c05f84ed4aae610662fef3bd88f3c08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035660.jpg?k=7454dc6e050a9c91a6ab7ef63efc90f918907e44b992efeeecf24f15a3e0ec12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490353911.jpg?k=18dd5d3b049785ac9190135e12709f3999ab28464593a10c7d30c7aa63ecef27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035840.jpg?k=e3f164e0e9f81e6f137426fc802397bc5657c4a627ce5ce27f7cb960dc131905&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482735189.jpg?k=cf0c946f8bbdd979b43b8aa04379df0623c49beb574b9a1a446601bb18e2abd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490353909.jpg?k=80e4c7cefed07a48693debdd259244bb83e62c53b3b23b27161a1f5bea9e7d9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490353751.jpg?k=789637d6b64c0f74dcf123ab364a829244373bd06f56a43dc99141d46a41f4da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483035813.jpg?k=f4b6ebe789ce6e19d6236d4a928060c645185a944f776182437324661371b832&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 40 m"\n  - "kafe stacioni 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fatmir"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura quasi in centro, pulita e comoda. I servizi come da descrizione. Accoglienza gentile e puntuale, molto disponibile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom designed for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with an oven and microwave, alongside a washing machine, making it ideal for both short and long stays. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a touch of convenience and luxury.

For those interested in exploring Tirana's rich cultural scene, the apartment's location offers easy access to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania. Moreover, for guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, making Hi Apartments S1 City Center an excellent base for both business and leisure travelers.

In addition to its prime location and well-appointed amenities, guests will appreciate the peace of mind that comes with a non-smoking environment. Though private parking is available for an extra charge, the convenience it provides adds to the seamless experience of staying at Hi Apartments S1 City Center. This apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the heart of Tirana, all with the comfort and ease of home.