---\ntitle: "Hidden Gem Tirana"\ndescription: "Hidden Gem Tirana emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129368905.jpg?k=891d57693433ddcc373b40c8c6b677389b5fa4d39f8e08b3418e8547217282df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hidden-gem-tirana\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, Pallati Aviacioni i Ri, Hyrja 29, Apartamenti 8, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32241148\n  lng: 19.81253386\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 146\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129368905.jpg?k=891d57693433ddcc373b40c8c6b677389b5fa4d39f8e08b3418e8547217282df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129370048.jpg?k=753975b8a4a78ce79050880ecae4b12caa7aaa6f8ecda1a39fa85af98ddc6dd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129370008.jpg?k=bb791f3f51dbed14b88f26a2bb9aacf97835502d40bf277261b8618ba7bbbb31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129370024.jpg?k=94b2080b28bb2224875cbd3b8d38b8db0cf5f19d37db266b28e370692fc56f90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129368899.jpg?k=ab6c1a45da42c721f87730d812147dcc9029129d151219ee549529f7030df463&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129369723.jpg?k=94d2e25fb0e3ac2408da9d0c4c7b9071fa864cfabb97b21bfc94d554207033c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129370043.jpg?k=c35cd6b4722321513351201237e377c269cb688c1e2f93b544d12cdc269f6d84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129372139.jpg?k=afb2980cac739ab338339039697ce6470dd9570fb3ff7abe893e7a4eba85ea4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/162544554.jpg?k=19ba4c45589202f69d43a2726151f48feb7cd80044f00c8f69b4355bb77c6b99&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Snap Bar & Snack 100 m"\n  - "Karaive 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Veronica"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Strategic position for visiting Tirana.
Quiet building.”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“beautifully furnished in the heart of Tirana, air conditioning a fantastic thing for our trip in summer. host is excellent and communication good”"\n  - name: "Furkan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The location of the house was very nice. Everything in the house was available and very clean. We really liked the decoration of the house. It was a nice experience.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hidden-gem-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis exquisite apartment, situated less than a kilometer from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, offers a serene retreat with its city and inner courtyard views, ensuring a peaceful stay amidst the urban hustle. The non-smoking, air-conditioned space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a bedroom, a living area, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting modern appliances such as an oven and a coffee machine. The inclusion of a walk-in shower, complimentary slippers, and the convenience of a laundry service elevate the comfort levels, making it feel like a home away from home.

The balcony, adorned with outdoor furniture, presents an inviting space for guests to unwind and enjoy the tranquil river views. With essentials like bed linen and towels provided, every aspect of the stay at Hidden Gem Tirana is catered to with meticulous attention to detail.

For those eager to delve into Tirana's cultural scene, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Rinia Park, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation, adds to its appeal. Moreover, the availability of a paid airport shuttle service to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, offers seamless connectivity for international travelers.

Hidden Gem Tirana stands out as a prime accommodation choice, promising an immersive and comfortable experience for those looking to explore the heart of Tirana.