---\ntitle: "Hidden gem, modern 2bedroom, amazing terrace-FREE PARKING"\ndescription: "In the heart of the city, yet offering a serene escape, Hidden Gem presents a modern 2-bedroom apartment that stands out for its spacious layout, contemporary amenities, and an inviting terrace."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503988402.jpg?k=44ec27568c70d8e3da3c11e255fd70cb531da1a75d63799086f3034fe8785b7c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hidden-gem-modern-2bedroom-amazing-terrace-free-parking\naddress: "Ish Fusha e Aviacionit, Prane Shkolles se Magjistratures 23, 1030 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33545647\n  lng: 19.79178137\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503988402.jpg?k=44ec27568c70d8e3da3c11e255fd70cb531da1a75d63799086f3034fe8785b7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523100667.jpg?k=e674551223b35b56f5059e6b672e978bdbfbc963265128b781fcd73a55c29f1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488177783.jpg?k=12b3a1b1d917842d65d08fa11fba91680007c313788140f5be66acf29dcba887&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489485210.jpg?k=a172a27bfedf2c47a566c320608342ba7faa638d2530dd49d005836441883902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489485217.jpg?k=f779c19a061cb00092d6ed3e4f5c33e0b50c2db4243e149b9b6550cb50b27402&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489485212.jpg?k=de1e8cda7c1fa510e7e76d02be92281d9d7629103583a24800176401f1784fc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489485209.jpg?k=5f277c5ad42e896dac4f0eac15d26a3b85218616ad4177bd8b3b1a5068eb50f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489485216.jpg?k=4f38b3d092474e30e29297b74ad2a0d8a674ec4154435903e607a8c66cbcc2f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488177875.jpg?k=acd0fb6e154bcf9dde63d3070bb7115dcb42e534b1b4c76771cae73ab12358be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pajisje per Bar Rest. Arredo Fab 200 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Athina 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 900 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Igli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was honestly perfect in every aspect! The location was great, the interior was spacious and beautifully designed, and it had all the amenities you could ask for. I was really impressed with how well-maintained it was too. The owner was very...”"\n  - name: "Fatıma"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Owner family was very kind, sweet and helpful. Apartment was clean and it has modern desing.”"\n  - name: "Arber"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“1. TOP New Quality furniture
2. SUPER Clean Apartment
3. BIG Terrace
4. Quiet
5. SUPER friendly hosts”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-modern-2bedroom-big-private-terrace-with-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a showcase of modern living, featuring a well-appointed kitchen equipped with an oven, fridge, washing machine, stovetop, and essential kitchenware. The living space is complemented by a flat-screen TV with cable channels, ensuring guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort.

What sets this property apart is its commitment to providing a peaceful retreat amidst the city's hustle and bustle. Guests can enjoy quiet street views from the privacy of their own terrace, a rare find in such a central location. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the property and private parking on site is the icing on the cake, ensuring a hassle-free experience from arrival to departure.

Situated a mere 7.2 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and within close proximity to historical sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the apartment serves as a perfect base for exploring the city's rich cultural heritage. For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje is 41 km away, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty surrounding the city. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is just 12 km away, making travel logistics a breeze.

Hidden Gem not only offers a modern and comfortable stay but also positions itself as a gateway to discovering the enchanting city and its surroundings. Whether it's for a short city break or a longer exploration, this apartment is a compelling choice for discerning travelers.