---\ntitle: "High-Tech flat"\ndescription: "High-Tech Flat emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of modernity and scenic sea views in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437719020.jpg?k=ea7e0d0364deb71e518a2b4f00f5a7e7258d3f5850f1835c376b794c5592a6e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: high-tech-flat\naddress: "Rruga Shkallnuri Rr.:1, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27157251\n  lng: 19.51883007\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437719020.jpg?k=ea7e0d0364deb71e518a2b4f00f5a7e7258d3f5850f1835c376b794c5592a6e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467641082.jpg?k=9314083df577a89bed5a1675a1a77f1f27ccf0eada0554cb63d26b539e2b9b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467637224.jpg?k=6764854763f42096af83dd0ac0406742dd24208b4f4230dba10dcda4d5e974cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467642102.jpg?k=d04a3a7217149a2e05e12fe53e5f2355ccccb19303ab4ff4e2b1efdfc71a382e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467639005.jpg?k=fe721b708007aae3b4db5e35f8ab96a74a6bb581a568d070438616c504f39a42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467637978.jpg?k=377ed6c2bf1e8498892dae8b4b61c5f8badb6855a214e9be7b4ccc653cfc1efc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467638207.jpg?k=820a5845a9885858969e434afbc0d470b99a96dec4295947b8b06b33b1a84c05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467639353.jpg?k=7e7cacc27b55e23eeefcc4347976a111197b91b4c20f9094204987b9cc7fdec7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467638560.jpg?k=9520c6c00b947aebec671224dde619a8ef6f3ea942c1ff5ef6132708665edadf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Arberia 100 m"\n  - "Benilva 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 150 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 700 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“The apartments are located in an excellent location, 3 minutes walk from the sea (just cross the road). The beach is very large and comfortable. A 10-minute walk from the apartments there is an amazing place - a huge mountain overlooking the...”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Ideal in terms of price-quality ratio! 100 meters to the beach, a beach with a long walking area. There is a public transport stop nearby. The apartment has everything for a comfortable stay: clean, cozy, large balcony, good kitchen. There are...”"\n  - name: "Наталья"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“The apartments are located in an excellent location, 3 minutes walk from the sea (just cross the road). All infrastructure is nearby (shops, restaurants, cafes, pharmacies), everything is within walking distance. The apartment is after renovation,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/high-tech-flat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to contemporary living, boasting a balcony that offers a tranquil sea view, a cozy bedroom, a spacious living room, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a fridge and stovetop. For those who prioritize comfort and cleanliness, the provision of towels and bed linen, coupled with the apartment's non-smoking and soundproof features, will undoubtedly meet their expectations.

Adventurous guests will find the location of High-Tech Flat particularly appealing, as it offers easy access to a variety of outdoor activities. Whether it's snorkeling, windsurfing, or cycling, the surrounding area is a playground for the active traveler, with bicycle rental services available for those eager to explore the locale on two wheels.

Situated 1.9 km from Durres Beach and within a reasonable distance of 43 km from Skanderbeg Square, the apartment's location ensures that guests can enjoy both the tranquility of the beachfront and the cultural vibrancy of the city. For international travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 38 km away, is an added bonus, making High-Tech Flat a compelling choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and adventure in Durrës.