---\ntitle: "Hilal Palace - Halal"\ndescription: "Hilal Palace - Halal emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, offering a tranquil retreat less than a kilometer away from the pristine sands of Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379689809.jpg?k=e591b8208a3b9dde6b526fd257911a5b514985a176a5ae5560182a09e0196371&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hilal-palace-halal\naddress: "Bulevardi i Palmave, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.246779\n  lng: 19.52953\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 67\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379689809.jpg?k=e591b8208a3b9dde6b526fd257911a5b514985a176a5ae5560182a09e0196371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379689912.jpg?k=44324aeab9472374f4e80a17cac43cd1426381bbc029ba95398145402b84b868&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380419478.jpg?k=9d7c2678c96ea4dbd89c942e9c290666224462e538b0a5ca8d1467a64da9aaf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456477595.jpg?k=5368cb673d57e6622c2d16a9e59c8a7231c588cb8b231b4daa3d7cd75d817127&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456477583.jpg?k=9a766ada2c1c6f1f4429f79e40d13e06ac779bad7475ad63df66973c68bba4dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456477587.jpg?k=347feb0b99ecc2b551898805a243cf234fc141a0b3bdfd8c3fe52cc9a9045024&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Room"\n  - "King Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Furrë Buke Drini 50 m"\n  - "Bar Armando 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 800 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 800 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Thoroughly enjoyed my time at Hilal Palace The ambiance was delightful, rooms were well-appointed, and the staff was incredibly attentive. A perfect blend of comfort and hospitality. Will definitely be returning on my next trip!”"\n  - name: "Erind"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My winter stay at this nearby sea hotel was fantastic. The cozy ambiance, attentive staff, and stunning views made it exceptional. The well-appointed rooms and top-notch service exceeded expectations. Highly recommend for a memorable seaside getaway.”"\n  - name: "Viorel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff helping around were friendly and very accommodating. The brothers running the place have been as well thoughtful and accommodating and always quick to let you know they're there for whatever is your need. On top of that they're smart and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hilal-palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its well-appointed accommodations. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a coffee machine for that essential morning brew. The attention to detail is evident in the inclusion of a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a desk in every room, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. Bathrooms are private, featuring a shower and hairdryer, while the added touches of slippers and a CD player in rooms underscore the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction. Moreover, the views of the cityscape add an urban charm to the serene atmosphere.

Morning at Hilal Palace - Halal begins with a delightful halal breakfast, catering to the dietary needs and preferences of all guests. This commitment to inclusivity and guest comfort sets the hotel apart.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's peaceful confines, Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach is just 2.8 km away, offering another idyllic spot for relaxation and sunbathing. The cultural heart of the region, Skanderbeg Square, is 46 km from the hotel, presenting an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the local heritage. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 40 km away, making Hilal Palace - Halal an accessible choice for international travelers seeking a harmonious blend of comfort and culture in Golem.