---\ntitle: "HOLIDAY HOME"\ndescription: "HOLIDAY HOME stands out as a gem in Durrës, boasting a recent renovation that brings modern comfort to its guests."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457693058.jpg?k=30175d4e957d70b823bf2ec95cbdb57b74298f982222816a2435cf27c02f703f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holiday-home\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit, 2015 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.52495019\n  lng: 19.52248678\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457693058.jpg?k=30175d4e957d70b823bf2ec95cbdb57b74298f982222816a2435cf27c02f703f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457699663.jpg?k=76c04b02cef18c9294c9e7546bc4d43e3772ec4a56c5296c8774797a329ecd15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457703131.jpg?k=dc6bf7e5f2c70ad035ed9e41ad1c4a01d78d033cdbdf2ef8a106098242fbc7dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457703939.jpg?k=1cc895b61b3532f83b308eb985f9b6f2ed7894d2e261f16c47cdb608725d38eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457701152.jpg?k=65d535d04c900d263f305c3f3f0b75983cc09a67ca746b1299530b0770f41798&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361970457.jpg?k=2b5b7b17d106b3d97d6a7411715754bdda8711701f16f48ff2c17d80559b4d2e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Superior Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish Land 150 m"\n  - "Alla Ristorante 800 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 600 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 94 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paola"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Me pelqeu shume mikpritja.Na u ofrua kafe dhe raki fruta te fresketa qe u keputen nga pema sapo mberritem. Shume paster dhe vendodhje shume e mire. E shijuam qendrimin”"\n  - name: "Sulaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“everything perfect, very clean and comfortable room and very helpful staff, the price was very good”"\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very helpfull host , very clean apartment, room is big so you have a lot place for all your staff:). Close to beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/holiday-home-durres12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at HOLIDAY HOME are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that come with complimentary WiFi and private parking. Each room is a haven of relaxation, offering a patio that overlooks the lush garden, a cozy seating area for unwinding, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge for those who prefer to cook their meals. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable stay. The added convenience of private entrances and heating facilities in all units underscores the guest house's commitment to privacy and comfort.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the tranquility of nature, the garden at HOLIDAY HOME provides a perfect escape. Whether it's enjoying a quiet morning with a cup of coffee or unwinding in the evening, the garden space is a delightful retreat.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 29 km away, making HOLIDAY HOME a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a peaceful retreat near the Albanian coast.