---\ntitle: "Holiday apartment Alma"\ndescription: "Holiday Apartment Alma stands as a prime beachfront gem in Sarandë, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269401.jpg?k=f5b7e29aed2291ff8c4542f18ff9e50bb72faef514a0601e4a1d53eef3c4f32b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holiday-apartment-alma\naddress: "61 Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.868874\n  lng: 20.001707\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269401.jpg?k=f5b7e29aed2291ff8c4542f18ff9e50bb72faef514a0601e4a1d53eef3c4f32b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269397.jpg?k=31a05c531cf4000a16879c6225acb79d0f4782f3838b0a91d390296207c1e13f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269382.jpg?k=628bf3fdf2b1bcf7d405b6eea8a22d9fa27a29904d2e1a7d15d0914c2fd5b448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269419.jpg?k=6648b33dabeeb7d128ef860a2036f8a5a3d81c1dd655732176b83a524d07e241&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269394.jpg?k=c5c9384254bd961ec4a3be73cee1c63bc11431f6d1fbc093dd3c2c090258417c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269418.jpg?k=7ca50220e19b1ba5ec3f80a0b4d718f620ec479c859d027adcb9b7dd81353274&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269408.jpg?k=e18a2aa406ce64d3742c3175f0347a54dbb816cef927d9620b693b0618b65ab9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269396.jpg?k=1115f854c59816cd55511026929cee04f898232feb47377e4e861b4204b01d10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140269399.jpg?k=c800afaf44e7be654c97e4cdc570971631218ea1c122f3f2e1c64482176c15c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maria Madalena 40 m"\n  - "Like/Creperie/Coffee 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 30 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ruža"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment is new, big, very nice and cozy. Balcony has always shade.”"\n  - name: "Sergio79"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto. La casa rispecchia le immagini caricate sul sito. Vicino al porto, comodissimo.. al lungo mare, al super mercato solo 200 metri e alla fermata del bus per Ksamil. Casa profumata e pulita con splendida vista mare sul terrazzo.”"\n  - name: "Tripkovic"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartman je na odlučnoj lokaciji . Korektnost i ljubaznost vlasnika apartmana.Sve preporuke za apartman”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/holiday-apartment-alma.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and luxury, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, a living area with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony that presents awe-inspiring sea views. The inclusion of outdoor furniture on the balcony ensures that guests can comfortably soak in the vistas or enjoy a meal under the sky. For those who love to cook, the fully equipped kitchen with its dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge adds a touch of home-away-from-home convenience.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring that guests can stay connected with the world or share their memorable moments instantly. The soundproofing of the accommodation guarantees that the only sounds to fill the rooms are those of laughter and joy, not the hustle and bustle from outside.

For dining and leisure, the property doesn't disappoint. A restaurant on the premises offers delightful culinary experiences, while the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot for evening drinks. Those looking to explore Sarandë will find that the apartment is perfectly positioned for engaging in activities such as hiking, with Maestral Beach and the historic Butrint National Park only a short distance away.

Holiday Apartment Alma is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and natural beauty of Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both adventure and tranquility. With Ioannina Airport 97 km away, the journey to this coastal retreat is an easy transition to a holiday filled with relaxation and exploration.