---\ntitle: "Holiday Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Holiday Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453134282.jpg?k=23704c1193cc571029ef7e4d9b8e97fff0246e2128d0ac700fb2596a96cbd0b5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holiday-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3237608\n  lng: 19.81577856\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453134282.jpg?k=23704c1193cc571029ef7e4d9b8e97fff0246e2128d0ac700fb2596a96cbd0b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522584338.jpg?k=6b2f3ffbdda1003ccdd4bdf3606713351ab6ca9f93c47e491b3d2b356d6396b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453134704.jpg?k=3a846043acd29be36a3b67b36356fb5d71f1aac9191a946e53b1602d9525a44f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453133771.jpg?k=907dcaa332938421d751ff56c930a73d09df1ae04efd4ad54c1b259dc32f025c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454515242.jpg?k=a32f8d9c97ae5cba28a4e7b9c377d5fe0621e2f9fac043569e60a40ec74703e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454514218.jpg?k=3a1bf4782de592d8bcceef51ae61c597a12593a7ec4c7e92969fa8f7997a4176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453134403.jpg?k=104fb2209fb4df2b85e31a805d1257cb24e4c15be8f1c05870aa441f30d5c483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454515286.jpg?k=482cce2e107da984d66da361d3325903841074fb1591439b83b216e17a942bf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449585459.jpg?k=b616db8fd519e578b93d9c140e62c770f03ac0093252e65414f841310142da67&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brauhaus 40 m"\n  - "The Living Room Bar Restorant 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arzhen"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The view and the location were the best features of this apartment :)”"\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“excellent location, very friendly owners, always in touch and ready to help. There weren't enough bedding, a blanket would have been nice on the bed, the white sheets get dirty quickly. everything else is good. I recommend”"\n  - name: "Birgit"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great location! Everything nearby: sights, pubs, shopping...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/holiday-apartment-tirana-tirana2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a strategic location; it comes fully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of travel. Guests will find themselves in a meticulously designed space featuring one bedroom, a bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services for those evenings in. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen provide all the necessities for whipping up a home-cooked meal, while the balcony offers captivating city views, perfect for enjoying a morning coffee or evening drink.

Free private parking, an elevator for easy access, and complimentary WiFi add to the convenience, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Moreover, the property prides itself on being non-smoking, catering to the comfort and health of all guests. For those needing to freshen up their wardrobe during their stay, a laundry service is readily available.

For the explorers at heart, Holiday Apartment Tirana is ideally situated to embark on sightseeing tours, with the apartment being a gateway to discovering the city's most popular attractions. Rinia Park, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud are all within close proximity, promising a blend of leisure and adventure. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Holiday Apartment Tirana stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural exploration.