---\ntitle: "Holiday apartment near the sea"\ndescription: "Holiday Apartment Near the Sea emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360220755.jpg?k=bc2d8ef7033e5d2aa6f4d7964ed45cb338f70da199053f59dccf22c91724b86f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holiday-apartment-near-the-sea\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28608162\n  lng: 19.51280901\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360220755.jpg?k=bc2d8ef7033e5d2aa6f4d7964ed45cb338f70da199053f59dccf22c91724b86f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360402578.jpg?k=8c18b4f207d2ed27ae0a5fbbe13a7469208e0d0953ec6052e57737d3063dc1b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360411504.jpg?k=42be8c2e4a07fab08f09696acfa5b7af084416391fca6957a56fb2fd9c4dcecd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360401991.jpg?k=448cd7d4fa674eb4aa2cf677cf48ab8205c263fe2ea4056d60d95c23f18d1eb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360405920.jpg?k=06c8d74b445461e17140ec1538fd924af353774161ca9b6fcd939f13afa754d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360407714.jpg?k=283084e912c477dd825221fad2dabb3ded5709c179558df12676d5715c885a55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360220740.jpg?k=5063925f7aa4ce0e0dfea4b51b63b4776c42f6941c2aa4baf2c04fcd0adf820e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360406476.jpg?k=6b2089f037b5f771c9b4c68d531ab5a0f44e656d43f17fe93a66f6bd6f66150c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403510906.jpg?k=fcfc95ac8c9a306e090d81af174d559cd28ba7f77cc447ca9711f0b0ec116b77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Riviera 100 m"\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 250 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I will have great memories of my stay. Very nice apartment, close to the beach very nice owners. What to want more.”"\n  - name: "Svitlanabezhan"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Апартаменти відповідають зображенню на фото на 100%. Все для комфортного перебування. Господарі дуже приємні і у всьому старались допомогти.”"\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Przemiły gospodarz, mieszkanie super na pierwszym piętrze. Lokalizacja blisko plaży. W pobliżu dużo restauracji oraz sklepy. Właściciel na pewno we wszystkim pomoże np w transfer lotnisko durres w dobrej cenie. Godne polecenia.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/holiday-apartment-near-the-sea.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a generously sized living space, complete with a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels, catering to a wide range of viewing preferences. For those who prefer to dine in, the kitchen does not disappoint. It is fully stocked with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, making meal preparation not just convenient but a pleasure.

For everyday essentials, guests need not venture far as a minimarket is conveniently situated within the apartment complex. Those looking to unwind will find the garden an ideal spot for relaxation, offering a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle.

Explorers eager to venture beyond the comforts of the apartment will find Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within accessible distances, promising adventures and breathtaking views. Furthermore, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 35 km away, adds to the seamless travel experience, making Holiday Apartment Near the Sea a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Durrës.