---\ntitle: "Holidays Apartment"\ndescription: "Holidays Apartment in Golem stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in a serene setting."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472981891.jpg?k=24663032d6203b7510dcae66d751f311cf64e28831ec6741a0df13e5aa28099f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holidays-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Roma, 2100 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25714274\n  lng: 19.52270479\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472981891.jpg?k=24663032d6203b7510dcae66d751f311cf64e28831ec6741a0df13e5aa28099f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436943268.jpg?k=11b1a034928582ea41fb46ea7eae2eac01528455758b5237b718d309d22bd8e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435649527.jpg?k=faf1e505f5d988fdb31887337d3bc7edaac03efe327e6fbd351c11f1d0967b98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435649558.jpg?k=b7a1ad6d0936daa0ec7cb1ac37ee05ac748471b96bf338f54a2286c40891e839&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435649505.jpg?k=c8de3d0fb002f112d187c330f74e9217b828bc6f497a14be4ec9e52b181d6ace&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435659571.jpg?k=923e3c50e41d73de309191285ed62e728c37ce715fd119de49fc952d98229132&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435649488.jpg?k=52fbba4452cc357f15a9b0ce7170d500b7b0f4b8c7cb775f12f00c03a77db403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435649588.jpg?k=2290ea992a6aadc9d04c4ca799e8fb7bcce94d70fefa1938528aecdbe7363362&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436941799.jpg?k=417dcc0c393044d14abd2e282b58a2ab5e34e28b2c6def248f69825a3d605ca2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 200 m"\n  - "Pashtriku 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 200 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 950 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Oxana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“We rested in July 2023 as a family of three and a small dog. Lovely spotlessly clean apartment that has everything you need for a comfortable stay. The beach is literally a couple of minutes walk, there are also free sunbeds on the beach. Also...”"\n  - name: "Jonela"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Truly exceptional! The apartment complex is brand new, modern with all the facilities. The location is 2 minutes from the beach, with comfortable sunbeds for the guests. Sea is clear blue, warm. Service is brilliant, the owner of the property,...”"\n  - name: "Božidar"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Great apartment at a great location. Has all you need and very close to the beach and the promenade, yet in a peaceful location. Easy to park in the street in front of the building. Great host, excelent communication. Will definitely book again...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-golem3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It features a balcony that opens up to serene garden views, creating a perfect backdrop for a peaceful retreat. Inside, guests are greeted with a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bath adds to the convenience. Upon arrival, guests are welcomed into the soundproof apartment through a private entrance, where complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies await them, adding a personal touch to the warm welcome.

For those who need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers the utmost convenience. The location of Holidays Apartment is ideal for enthusiasts of the outdoors, with cycling opportunities abound. The provision of bike and car hire directly from the apartment facilitates exploration of the surrounding area. Additionally, a picnic area within the apartment complex invites guests to enjoy leisurely days outdoors, surrounded by nature.

Situated close to popular attractions such as Golem Beach, Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, and Mali I Robit Beach, Holidays Apartment is perfectly positioned for guests to experience the best of Golem. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 39 km away, the apartment serves as an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.