---\ntitle: "HOLIDAY APARTMENTS Vlore"\ndescription: "HOLIDAY APARTMENTS Vlore emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319373629.jpg?k=fa058134785872242044121f31ab1ce7e2322821ce5d5935e4fa5f3598158f37&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: holiday-apartments-vlore\naddress: "uje i ftohte vlore, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41625288\n  lng: 19.485653\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 64\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319373629.jpg?k=fa058134785872242044121f31ab1ce7e2322821ce5d5935e4fa5f3598158f37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240836891.jpg?k=2093b0d2db9ff032348b70cfb04f56235e695b2698d3ad50780feb5c90729ecf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/243832433.jpg?k=79bbce12bed8a465c55c4f0dbe16456cfc39891555c8e94597cb716e9d38b12f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319373852.jpg?k=35fbc691be5677bce3a7c3dcfc110a9f32f4c49531be4bab4b091683a4b71d42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240838365.jpg?k=33bd03f62c119eab823219aacbcd36840f18d22f0e03c5701e1a95a339001513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/243833799.jpg?k=c7cce7683291909d77f74cbaa95d474afc13c808c325f426cecb0d54c943976b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240858443.jpg?k=9febb2186fd079ce3d197d0bcdfdf0e234959931af653e457539c3668170bc8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319373403.jpg?k=efd833da751d783ea975befe29392c0ca11b9bc5482d7db1e067edb47423ba70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435247187.jpg?k=4f40fe60d3450b94f04b3bec285470e6e579a969d5eedf19b97cab9175e5655a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla E Jonit 10 m"\n  - "Movida 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 150 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 450 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The location was perfect. Apartment was very clean. Everything was right”"\n  - name: "Arifi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice area of the city, close to the beach and swimming pool on the site(with payment) but clean and water slide.”"\n  - name: "Arifi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Big apartment and new. Spa was amazing, costs only 20€. I recomend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/diamond-hill-apartaments-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at HOLIDAY APARTMENTS Vlore are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, fully equipped kitchens with dining areas, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms stocked with complimentary toiletries. Select units elevate the experience further, boasting balconies that provide stunning sea views and outdoor dining areas, perfect for enjoying a meal with a view. Additionally, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit adds a touch of home-like comfort.

Guests at HOLIDAY APARTMENTS Vlore can start their day on the right note with a choice of breakfast options, including continental, Full English/Irish, or Italian, served every morning on the property. The presence of a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site adds to the convenience, ensuring guests have easy access to quick bites and essentials during their stay.

For those looking to stay active or explore the surroundings, the apartment complex does not disappoint. Tennis enthusiasts will find facilities to enjoy a game, and a bicycle rental service, along with car hire options, are available for guests wishing to venture further afield. Coco Bongo Beach, located just 2.1 km away, offers an excellent spot for relaxation and sunbathing, while the historic Kuzum Baba is 6.7 km from the property, inviting guests to explore the rich cultural heritage of Vlorë.

With the added benefits of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, along with the convenience of airport transfers, HOLIDAY APARTMENTS Vlore caters to the needs of modern travelers, making it an attractive option for those visiting Vlorë. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches, the comfort of the well-appointed accommodations, or the array of on-site amenities, this property ensures a memorable stay for all its guests.