---\ntitle: "Home"\ndescription: "Home, a serene oasis located in the vibrant heart of Vlorë, offers a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577248.jpg?k=41e57b12bee060af1470ffb88ae189d66eddbb5a0bec1881aa7d4c86c31e6b30&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: home\naddress: "Rrethi në skele, Vlore, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45542248\n  lng: 19.48625293\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577248.jpg?k=41e57b12bee060af1470ffb88ae189d66eddbb5a0bec1881aa7d4c86c31e6b30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577386.jpg?k=8419f0212606153d7b2b012a4342574a563abdf2515b9b963cba4ce95b9ce7c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577291.jpg?k=b43193eabe38caa81a4819d5f466e0204e28b9399a180e1094106a98d0e7819f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374010140.jpg?k=62467418d0ffca8f6b7dee37bad5a5cfbc3a9630fec04618ca0ce8d408b359e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577332.jpg?k=40a7bf5ff282c245f2416ea3441120d5fc9bccf0863ae84782ee87f75a6a7247&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474173475.jpg?k=ad376c0f08a119356a921c51012b4c5f9a73bdcaf95c3dcf3ca6202dd9344411&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577350.jpg?k=e879ed5e0ae3058d8db8ace95525d73efe32ea70a9edf01931bf428214731f10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577393.jpg?k=4a94a68a923752a2ac49dc5f7cd033e5f66a811ac425bd8100dcddfbb2266493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358577311.jpg?k=0e2bdae535a98dd167031fa6056cc4cef4200bf0ce8226d6b14f41c818ed71b5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kampionet 40 m"\n  - "Pulebardha 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.9 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shpresa"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“1)The house was at a great position.
2)The toys that you provided for the kids.
3)The apartament had a lot of space.
The host was frendly.
The toilet was ok ,but had not enough space”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Nice, comfortable apartment in the center of Valona. Kind owners are at your service whenever you need something. The apartment contains everything you need for a vacation. Very quiet and all the time in the shade. Recommend for families.”"\n  - name: "Trajce"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The apartment is located in the center of Valona. There is a parking lot around the building, a bakery is 1 minute away, as well as a pharmacy, exchange office and market. Quiet place and all the time in the shade. Large rooms and terraces, there...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/home-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious haven of comfort. Guests are welcomed into a beautifully appointed space featuring two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers serene street views – a perfect spot for morning coffee or evening relaxation. The inclusion of modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, an air-conditioned environment, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and microwave, and a luxurious bathroom with a hot tub, elevates the living experience. The attention to detail is evident, with added conveniences like a bidet and a dressing room enhancing the stay. Moreover, the private entrance to the accommodation underscores the commitment to guest privacy and comfort.

For those moments of leisure, the in-house bar presents an inviting atmosphere to unwind. The convenience of an on-site minimarket further adds to the ease of the stay, ensuring essentials are always within reach.

Located 2.3 km from the historic Kuzum Baba and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 150 km away, Home is not just a gateway to exploring the enchanting city of Vlorë but also a retreat that promises comfort, privacy, and a touch of luxury. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the apartment's tranquil ambiance, Home is a standout choice for discerning travelers.