---\ntitle: "Home sweet Home 2 - Guest House"\ndescription: "Home Sweet Home 2 - Guest House emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334542745.jpg?k=360e7510651f35759e4dc5f918acac3cc8cb101ededca42bce0acd3c6fc66cd1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: home-sweet-home-2-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Loni Ligori Pallati Iliad SHPK Shkalla 3 Apartamenti 3, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33168454\n  lng: 19.77769479\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 112\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 7.4\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334542745.jpg?k=360e7510651f35759e4dc5f918acac3cc8cb101ededca42bce0acd3c6fc66cd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502654105.jpg?k=718b03df0204644dfc22c98333be856ef0fc611c2a88eee21a87992df8432686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502653868.jpg?k=7027f0c4a104276cce5bebbaf0437a8a7d4810bf2542816d797e300f2825a2fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502653694.jpg?k=fb9745b2573b0b9048b508b023d862a9c6c3e588bb8d1a1179de1f94303b53e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502653467.jpg?k=22237f5e33692957fc1755c3481d26696ecab60c804b2156786f3d6f53bf8c4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334542753.jpg?k=615b0abf969c5aa1ca87b5aef2205bdbf7088acd7798dd70f51f1c4c418796cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344963845.jpg?k=0bc566e1471495e5258a28715490cebab062b8ddc03e8d49e211bfadafc81f35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334542767.jpg?k=53e0b8a6e625f8aa9ff8d36ec35a06598d64bbb7aa5494f3c8074a843ab668b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344964740.jpg?k=847dd06a91b5c290c0159d4e2a57ba72b11ede0ab6f9e1d1f7d5a46adb05d0c1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (64 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miri 8 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Il Bonçe 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 300 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/home-sweet-home-2-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with a range of facilities designed to make their stay as seamless as possible, including a terrace that offers a tranquil space to unwind, complimentary WiFi to keep guests connected, and the convenience of a lift. The property also boasts a shared kitchen, allowing visitors to prepare their meals in a cozy, communal setting. Each accommodation option at Home Sweet Home 2 - Guest House is thoughtfully appointed, featuring inner courtyard views that can be enjoyed from the privacy of a balcony, enhancing the sense of retreat.

The guest rooms are well-equipped with essentials such as a fridge, kitchenware, and a kettle, alongside modern comforts like a coffee machine. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which come with complimentary toiletries, a bidet, and a hair dryer for a touch of home-like comfort. Selected rooms elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchen, catering to those who prefer a more self-sufficient stay. Comfort is paramount, with every unit providing fresh bed linen and towels to ensure a restful night's sleep.

For moments of relaxation, the shared lounge area presents a perfect spot to mingle with fellow travelers or simply enjoy a quiet afternoon. The guest house's location is ideal for exploring Tirana, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 10 km away, offering breathtaking views of the city and its surroundings. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within easy reach, just 6.2 km from the property. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 12 km away, making Home Sweet Home 2 - Guest House an excellent base for both short and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.