---\ntitle: "Home Sweet Rental"\ndescription: "Home Sweet Rental emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020645.jpg?k=5157bf33dc718b55b003b0e5cd6c117189e72d28845e418364f95ad7f6a2e7dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: home-sweet-rental\naddress: "Rruga Isa Boletini, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33370704\n  lng: 19.81986017\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020645.jpg?k=5157bf33dc718b55b003b0e5cd6c117189e72d28845e418364f95ad7f6a2e7dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020725.jpg?k=53d87e4eca9c613667d5f1815cebfec18fc9ac9722cc3f6063439e3a4bdd85ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493365367.jpg?k=14ab8490686ecdfe86309f829b6620e5e4a179eaf82154c80ff715ca0f27e66f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020732.jpg?k=039204f90f44100984f3ae7120e1be2c250229e619fb116fa3b70c9f479a87b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020715.jpg?k=53924527e41bc150d1451f5ec1a8280de32a3c46fab76558a9f5ba7039018252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020758.jpg?k=c51a7c5cb073304b056969a9a434a8b01879b99e47f6ac6e4287680b69a6cdc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443020872.jpg?k=c459ba31f4c17db5e8ec706df0425f4917488c2c3f9bec6cafc45fbc89a1da6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493365286.jpg?k=438f47f17903a1ae7b40bf3eb36c006b458a263b4b3bc304acbc91f66ade6c43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445635359.jpg?k=e67b6232a3094c44536efcf5a2bc4943728c56161ea38de3e3e4fa4537d911e0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mneri 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Debora"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything good, the apartment is in the center of Tirana and the property owner was so kind with me.”"\n  - name: "Sebastian"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The room has everything that is needed, it's clean, comfortable and nice overall. The host surely knows how to handle guests, the best room we've had in Albania! :) 100% recommended!”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Beautiful and comfortable apartment in central location. The balcony has a nice view over the city. The hosts are incredibly welcoming and considerate.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/home-sweet-rental.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its spacious, air-conditioned accommodations, each boasting a balcony that presents captivating city views. The commitment to a smoke-free environment ensures a clean and healthy stay for all guests. The inclusion of modern amenities such as free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and essential linens and towels, adds a layer of comfort and convenience to the guest experience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the homestay's proximity to notable landmarks including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves. For those inclined towards shopping, the Toptani Shopping Centre is just a stone's throw away, offering a variety of shopping options.

Accessibility is a breeze with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 13 km away, making Home Sweet Rental an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's for the strategic location, the thoughtful amenities, or the comfortable accommodations, this homestay is a compelling choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.