---\ntitle: "Home Select Tirana 2"\ndescription: "Home Select Tirana 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503793488.jpg?k=e54ae845e61d5f24cfa449e07ef28a80060d4aa61dc361bcb1287123bcafb04c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: home-select-tirana-2\naddress: "Rruga Ali Kolonja, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33303041\n  lng: 19.80057777\nprice: "US$60"\npriceFrom: 60\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503793488.jpg?k=e54ae845e61d5f24cfa449e07ef28a80060d4aa61dc361bcb1287123bcafb04c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503787837.jpg?k=c3e296cbc9da1d860b4969718140884354c797c4e73e3f98962494a619a2cdfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503787842.jpg?k=8a57765435fdb062bb9aae4db983d360a49cfd5a704cade4aa03c8bb561fce55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503785934.jpg?k=cbdfcd97b49207f259f801f08e620afea79e95abd7479ca93c62108645d5744b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517169744.jpg?k=fd559721181197234baf75b8049cc5ad264e3e2ba2ded301169975dfedaaa4e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503785931.jpg?k=83795f54a1989fb4c1b3e92be9e504ed7982e551961cddb76cea7963369d877e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mamas Bistro 150 m"\n  - "Oslo Bar 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect.It was a great choice,perfect location,cheap price,friendly staff and super 🥰🥰clean.Well,i definetly recomend”"\n  - name: "Stana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a fantastic experience living in this apartment! The location is convenient, amenities are top-notch, and the owner is friendly and responsive. The apartment layout is modern, and I always felt safe. Highly recommend for a great living...”"\n  - name: "Adela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was exelent. Everything was clean. The owner were very helpfull.We enjoyed our stay there and we will come back. ❤️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/home-select-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property boasts impressive city views, ensuring guests can soak in the urban landscape from the comfort of their accommodation. Located only 1.8 km from the House of Leaves and 2 km from Rinia Park, visitors have the luxury of exploring some of Tirana's green spaces with ease. Moreover, the iconic Skanderbeg Square is a short 1.9 km journey away, providing a glimpse into the cultural heartbeat of the city.

Home Select Tirana 2 does not compromise on the quality of its guest accommodations. Each unit is air-conditioned and comes with a fully equipped kitchen, including an oven, toaster, fridge, and all necessary kitchenware, complemented by a kettle for those essential morning brews. The living areas are designed for relaxation, featuring comfortable seating, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine for added convenience. Private bathrooms with showers and slippers add a touch of home-like comfort, while the provision of bed linen and towels ensures a hassle-free stay.

For those keen on delving into Albania's rich history, the National Museum of History Albania is just 1.6 km away, offering an insightful excursion. The Clock Tower of Tirana, standing 2.3 km from the property, presents another cultural landmark worth visiting. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 12 km away, making Home Select Tirana 2 an accessible and appealing option for both short and extended stays in Tirana.