---\ntitle: "Home Hotel"\ndescription: "Home Hotel, situated just a short drive from the heart of Tirana, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037139.jpg?k=653be5afcd628ef4cbd167589aeec8a08df3890c683e1e5c109857b44ff1d40c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: home-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Daniel Ndreka, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.316889\n  lng: 19.797302\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 167\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037139.jpg?k=653be5afcd628ef4cbd167589aeec8a08df3890c683e1e5c109857b44ff1d40c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037106.jpg?k=fc8cfe0f3986f93851c72ba6ba89a906ff0ece6abfd49753ff070b03fc47a351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037114.jpg?k=a79212d1ff8f5cb31ceb6fddb1df7a933d98495b89720b3e19fbbd0f537145ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037128.jpg?k=c40531edc4938c6ebbef288b7928ca1cdb554d0dc596063f7100d8ad9fe87801&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268422002.jpg?k=9c0d3e54ddf03c2c4bce90de61e701614662485331b2d0128adb73f257748d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210281294.jpg?k=9adb78aa3e9cffccf8aca7bdd2288a58e636805f90c2b70f0eb706579a207f47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209037161.jpg?k=a57de93e85a291b48504d6cc185b1ddefe48f4e3fa95b12214e888fc3832f6a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210281406.jpg?k=8371a5fd3df9c7f38877fb1cafdbf32e8bc6f99f1ea17546f1881acef02baa68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216169368.jpg?k=5fe4abf7cd090b74d5dc0556b3d2a6bc703eb605d56a416c2777920f6f7f2bfd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Kasa 50 m"\n  - "Las Palmas 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.5 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Great service, high standard and clean room, comfy bed, friendly staff, breakfast prepared at your personal choice.”"\n  - name: "Faruk"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“I liked the cleanliness of the hotel and that the hotel is in a quiet part of Tirana.
An excellent choice for a business trip, as it is close to the main road. Compliments from my side”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“The breakfast was decent. The bread was good! The location was great for my purposes 😀The staff was friendly!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/home-tirane12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBeyond its prime location, Home Hotel stands out for its comprehensive amenities designed to ensure a seamless stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free private parking, an on-site bar perfect for evening relaxation, and a serene garden that invites moments of tranquility amidst the city's hustle and bustle. The hotel prides itself on offering personalized services around the clock, including a 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfers, attentive room service, and the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises.

Accommodations at Home Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels. The attention to detail extends to the inclusion of a safety deposit box, a private bathroom complete with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is secure. The provision of pristine bed linen and towels further underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For those looking to explore the cultural and natural sights of Tirana, the Pyramid of Tirana and Rinia Park are conveniently located within a 2.5 km radius from the hotel. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, makes Home Hotel an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Home Hotel offers a harmonious blend of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and comfortable accommodations, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana seeking an experience that combines convenience with tranquility.