---\ntitle: "Host apartament12"\ndescription: "Host Apartment12 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420091799.jpg?k=af8c46b236ac2a0d4fc85e177e36a614fbd1aeac3768df3c7ac02b33dd2c54d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: host-apartament12\naddress: "Rruga Tefta Tashko-Koço, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3295464\n  lng: 19.8284221\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420091799.jpg?k=af8c46b236ac2a0d4fc85e177e36a614fbd1aeac3768df3c7ac02b33dd2c54d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/460839575.jpg?k=ded683df8e4045764f0de34f8116f0199702b87b2192ba4391843d672d205972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/460841492.jpg?k=4dd07b938d3ffb1b3794bbfeb8e9bc68be7a741810ec6c7d25b097cb2ebc7147&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "smart Pizza 20 m"\n  - "Bar Duplex 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/host-apartament-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, featuring a spacious balcony that offers a serene retreat. The interior boasts a tastefully furnished living space, complete with air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. Guests will find a fully equipped kitchen at their disposal, perfect for those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals while traveling. The living area, anchored by a sleek flat-screen TV, provides a cozy setting for relaxation after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of a private entrance adds an extra layer of privacy to the guest experience.

For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located just 4 km away, offering breathtaking views of the city from above. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, 44 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for a scenic day trip. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, ensuring easy arrivals and departures.

With free WiFi available throughout the property, guests at Host Apartment12 are well-equipped to stay connected and share their experiences. Whether in Tirana for culture, shopping, or simply to unwind, this apartment offers a comfortable and convenient base for all types of travelers.