---\ntitle: "Hostel Nena Semi"\ndescription: "Hostel Nena Semi stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490732577.jpg?k=25563c1e6a00f54e0f68bf51edbc186a8b24b57fd7978b3b16b57b9ecc662bed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hostel-nena-semi\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri Partia e Lirise Building, 3rd floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.317752\n  lng: 19.814687\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490732577.jpg?k=25563c1e6a00f54e0f68bf51edbc186a8b24b57fd7978b3b16b57b9ecc662bed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490733429.jpg?k=342d368129bd36bf2340845266631bfc32c526bc52dd1a923e94e8d11ccfa30f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490738024.jpg?k=99e1f628a5097736f85d583b6378260863f7179dc3c953eaf6d49dc2b7d68d17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490738990.jpg?k=10d73794d9627adda0937755ab3c3ee93b7828eb2c4c7b58c5c7ec694ac30525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490739765.jpg?k=42506a4334cfa2fb7172f5649005efeb003e158b6d8ab554dfd34df2d3ef7ea8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490731846.jpg?k=a029be2ab5406cb86a3769228ed3c14b047f4b81fd68c47659cb1479e5134be4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490740846.jpg?k=5d1a6b779f3157ca0bc699e264673a0a6a28cbd9438eeb718177b97cb4ebc140&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490739256.jpg?k=1e6743b9be8dde0e6fa2ef79e47010ee38c48dcb6625fdb06b29b6461d4e4d25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490732028.jpg?k=354a0be18a4c73dcf516fa299e3aeaf4a699bfd6ac70f5ff2df6416b3431f469&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "BURGER KING 5 m"\n  - "Mamis Meals 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Jona and her mom are very friendly and well organised.
Everything is very clean and well thought through. The seating area in the balcony is semi-closed, so it was comfortable even in winter.
The dorm is spacious and airy with many duvets, the...”"\n  - name: "Pavel"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“An amazing small place run by a lovely family. Wish you all the best, guys!”"\n  - name: "Ella"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The facilities were amazing, awesome location, the hosts were so so lovely and accommodating.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-nena-semi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hostel Nena Semi are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring shared bathrooms equipped with hairdryers and fresh bed linen. The hostel's shared lounge and terrace offer a perfect setting for guests to relax and mingle after a day of sightseeing.

For those interested in delving into Tirana's unique attractions, Hostel Nena Semi is conveniently close to several notable sites. The whimsical Reja - The Cloud installation is just 1.4 km away, while Rinia Park and the Saint Paul Cathedral are also within easy reach. Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje invites explorers at 45 km from the hostel, and the intriguing House of Leaves museum is a brief 1.3 km journey.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hostel's proximity to significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the evocative Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km from Hostel Nena Semi, ensuring a smooth transition to and from this welcoming retreat.

In summary, Hostel Nena Semi offers a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and cultural immersion, making it a top recommendation for travelers eager to experience the best of Tirana.