---\ntitle: "Hostel Hasta La Vista"\ndescription: "Hostel Hasta La Vista emerges as a vibrant haven for travelers in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053839.jpg?k=6421da01e4317609f5baff73e50de2b0bed4f30f07f11fc2df6c262ff2c17c66&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hostel-hasta-la-vista\naddress: "Idriz Alidhima Street In Front of the Football Stadium Sarande, Albania, 1000 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87388642\n  lng: 19.99540702\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 618\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053839.jpg?k=6421da01e4317609f5baff73e50de2b0bed4f30f07f11fc2df6c262ff2c17c66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053828.jpg?k=b5ae6b94dffb636eec94ff0e2398250c834702ba9e393207e26b9fb7384a19c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376733542.jpg?k=1f739270ad1503b4bd12ad6bccd1c979cee74740a13f7f719d721634b52cf261&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053297.jpg?k=69aac660ac2cbd02eb56e5986feaccdea290a71d1c47e8a65a2c399ff50a36ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053300.jpg?k=3b7ed5644d7c9ed9302711ae1c3ab97297881c5b47646fda2f1717a06bd5f376&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496053823.jpg?k=88ee473f7fa6c7d03d3ac9094bb5e438b5f16148077e6c0b10d417839520ff2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376733505.jpg?k=737f4337ebdfe5f9ef0b5df1e2edd560cff14d570f01fcac2fc0f326e2ef07bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155811693.jpg?k=9e38cd1fb92c67ff4f353b9f3bf5458ef7217898c32a5c964afeedd5826ca1a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210555269.jpg?k=859516bb6048d591b05107ab428e4bb41faf36f9a937634fb4d49323f9e74e70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179025255.jpg?k=71de93ebd4ad06259c2121660e2eebab373f2ba64ce3adcae1cc8a2997de3333&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/188051276.jpg?k=7324f9a948a73ab85f3e180565e0eb80f1c772b5d0521e117e79c09f664b3e6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/188051281.jpg?k=b4b4fca2f0ba2a6b642609b6472f2e75e75026713cc9573fa7e2f25c26d08a07&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Stadiumi 9 m"\n  - "Taverna Kapiteni 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 300 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thuy"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It’s a really good hostel to connect with new people. The staff members always try to help you with everything. It’s like a little family :)”"\n  - name: "Julita"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very spacious hostel, very clean, neat, lot's of common space like chairs and sofas to chill, talk with others etc., there is terrace as well, big equipped kitchen, clean bathrooms, good location, close to bars, restaurants and nice beach, but not...”"\n  - name: "Karina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“There are good rooms and showers, nice location, possibility to get potable water and you also can pay by card! Hostel has a great deal with the local private beach where you can have a sunbed and umbrella!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-hasta-la-vista.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hostel Hasta La Vista are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room opens up to a quaint patio and features amenities such as free WiFi, a kettle, and even a computer in select rooms. The shared bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hairdryers, ensuring a pleasant stay. For those seeking a room with a view, options overlooking the garden are available, adding an extra touch of tranquility to the experience.

Beyond the rooms, Hostel Hasta La Vista is a hub of activity and engagement. Guests have the opportunity to enjoy evening entertainment, make use of a shared kitchen, or engage in friendly competition with billiards and table tennis available on-site. For those looking to explore the area, car hire services are conveniently offered, making it easy to discover the beauty of Sarandë and its surroundings.

The hostel's commitment to service is evident through its concierge service and the multilingual staff at the reception, ready to assist in Greek, English, Spanish, and Italian. Whether it's providing local tips or ensuring a smooth stay, the team goes above and beyond for their guests.

Situated just 1.3 km from Saranda City Beach and 1.4 km from Saranda Bay Beach, Hostel Hasta La Vista serves as an ideal base for beach lovers and explorers alike. With Ioannina Airport 97 km away, the hostel remains accessible for international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.

In summary, Hostel Hasta La Vista stands out as a top choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and community in the picturesque setting of Sarandë.