---\ntitle: "Hostel Grande House"\ndescription: "Hostel Grande House emerges as a charming retreat in the vibrant city of Tirana, situated a mere 3."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80256714.jpg?k=403d241f6b6b5913c11419d487552b77e2fc8a127defcecbae8a510bb9b14825&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hostel-grande-house\naddress: "Rr. S. Bruzi, Njesia 11, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34271326\n  lng: 19.79103059\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.4\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 7.4\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80256714.jpg?k=403d241f6b6b5913c11419d487552b77e2fc8a127defcecbae8a510bb9b14825&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/81253331.jpg?k=32e6c39d09edc46a901918c6bfb7925162608459a300912c208637132fd85336&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79533677.jpg?k=0c3538502070b6dbb291fa9d7ac2980f1a0f166a542a3467bc4949815e2addae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103593016.jpg?k=55b1e8dd5bdd354349c749ab70115f05c831cb64dd2580492589f359467ee697&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107199231.jpg?k=2264feaa1b3ec8d644e2593e181dc2a14d917ce9df10d6a6f9a2de2d743fd06b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80255456.jpg?k=0d1325de07bcd63475d48e98a4efabc5a9c2a7af73a1387151480ed9f9936b88&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Grill House te Adi 200 m"\n  - "Vila 3h 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.4 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 2.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sukhmani"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“The ladies who took care of our stay were really sweet—always helped when we needed help with something. The rooms were clean and comfy. Everything was great. Just a suggestion: The lighting in the room could be improved by putting a bright white...”"\n  - name: "Clara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hosts was very kind, very helpful and very attentive! Furthermore the beds was confortable! We had past a great stay in this house.”"\n  - name: "Bilder"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The best is the possibility to borrow a bike and cycle thru the town!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grande-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hostel Grande House are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room boasts a picturesque mountain view, ensuring a serene start and end to every day. Practical amenities such as a desk and free WiFi cater to both leisure and business travelers, while the inclusion of a wardrobe, bed linen, and a balcony overlooking the garden emphasizes the hostel's commitment to a home-away-from-home atmosphere. Entertainment and convenience are not overlooked, with each unit featuring a flat-screen TV and a hairdryer.

Strategically located, the hostel is a short drive from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 7.3 km away, offering guests an easy gateway to one of Tirana's most breathtaking natural attractions. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within close proximity, just 4 km away, providing a unique cultural excursion. For those looking to explore beyond the city, the Rock of Kavaje stands 40 km away, presenting an opportunity for an adventurous day trip.

For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 11 km from the hostel, with a paid airport shuttle service available upon request, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. Hostel Grande House stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration in Tirana.