---\ntitle: "HOTEL VILA TOSKA"\ndescription: "HOTEL VILA TOSKA emerges as a serene retreat in Piskupat, situated a mere 24 km from the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369930086.jpg?k=5dfee000bf2e82a370ae746c045720bb1f8f9d6131f685792905909f5c082432&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-toska\naddress: "Pogradec Albania 82 , First hotel in Piskupat village, 1585 Piskupat, Albania"\ncity: "Piskupat"\nlocation: "Piskupat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.03205084\n  lng: 20.63360548\nprice: "US$23"\npriceFrom: 23\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369930086.jpg?k=5dfee000bf2e82a370ae746c045720bb1f8f9d6131f685792905909f5c082432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479594291.jpg?k=827f74f0b0b9757e26818cb24f78ab9605da68302bda6df4bb44477461c3b9b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369982591.jpg?k=8df9e507b51b66b330eaaf92aa00a36aec26f5bd61a72467018a670b1659bcd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369930082.jpg?k=655f45a630f90eac5da063424bc179a6844c250727109a0861ac1c2c8072dc43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484370920.jpg?k=980976d4ee3b26aacdfdc97c6a8a7ef544f190c7df873181dcd99c263af591b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479595642.jpg?k=6ad9794498a7733c7ff7c6d1e6fc42c20453f15b5de0f742ebed3049e612315c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Nature Museum 17 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blealb 200 m"\n  - "Camping Bar Restorant Rei 3.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 8 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 15 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 16 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 16 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 16 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 16 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 16 km"\n  - "Upper Gate 16 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 17 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 84 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Wir hatten einen richtig schönen Aufenthalt hier. Die gesamte Familie war super nett und zuvorkommend. Das Zimmer war komfortabel ausgestattet. Vom Balkon hatten wir eine schöne Aussicht. Auch das Essen war sehr lecker. Vielen Dank.”"\n  - name: "Dmytro1975"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Персонал приємний. В кімнаті охайно. Білизна на кроваті супер. Гарний вид на озеро.”"\n  - name: "Artem"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Уют, доброжелательность. Очень хорошее состояние отеля.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-toska-piskupat1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at HOTEL VILA TOSKA are thoughtfully designed, with select rooms boasting balconies that offer breathtaking views of the lake, allowing guests to wake up to the serene beauty of Piskupat. For those drawn to the majesty of the mountains, other units provide equally stunning mountain vistas. Comfort is paramount, with each guest room outfitted with a flat-screen TV, bathrobes, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home.

For the adventurous at heart, the hotel's location offers an array of activities, with fishing in the surrounding areas of Piskupat being a popular choice among guests. Cultural and historical sites are within easy reach, with the Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Bay of Bones located 25 km and 38 km away, respectively, inviting guests to explore the rich heritage of the region.

Situated conveniently 29 km from Ohrid Airport, HOTEL VILA TOSKA stands as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration in this picturesque part of the world. Whether seeking a peaceful retreat or an adventure-filled getaway, guests will find this hotel to be a perfect match for their needs.