---\ntitle: "Hotel Euro"\ndescription: "Hotel Euro stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082506.jpg?k=de3440817262fdf19052f02c7491237bfcd89241da078b476781934bffe86439&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-euro\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko Godina Nr. 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34154132\n  lng: 19.80146443\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.6\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 7.6\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 7.2\n  facilities: 6.7\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 7.3\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082506.jpg?k=de3440817262fdf19052f02c7491237bfcd89241da078b476781934bffe86439&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082511.jpg?k=05f4b8277ac3399075adf33fdc7b833ff0c0f651eadd7f0bb5146d7c82e115d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655036.jpg?k=881796b2420f693cb3e6b3b7c4a3ce0f056816694c41018b69a46dcd7c7f4fe8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655037.jpg?k=0c8ec063b1b87d059529bd74528565e6c8d60ad694190c03c957cdda28c5e3b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655085.jpg?k=ddec3ca920e8dca3ac1038daf60953ccefe9d01052b296297baf087bee70271c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655023.jpg?k=2f30f4f06ec3088086878ceb41940eab92fae3dc7bd687a223481ec523650471&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655082.jpg?k=cb9a71ca6e207913d51d56fc824debf3080e8c08c5de1dd15372fb4472ece7f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440655022.jpg?k=0c7b6e7f9613b1207c8e8fd0606785327ac9c6466f0ba2b4c58c4f6a1d1a780d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449082508.jpg?k=29e28720acf504b7439a98491898f09e7ca2bd65ded3332e3180f6ae82e367ff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (3 Adults)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Caffe & Lloto Prado 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Besi 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 2 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/euro-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel itself boasts a range of facilities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From the moment of arrival, visitors are greeted by a dedicated 24-hour front desk team, ready to assist with airport transfers, provide room service, or simply offer recommendations to make the most of their Tirana visit. The convenience of free private parking, coupled with complimentary WiFi throughout the property, ensures that guests' needs are met with the utmost attention to detail.

Accommodations at Hotel Euro are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful night's sleep. Each room features a private bathroom equipped with a refreshing shower, air conditioning for those warm Albanian nights, and a flat-screen TV for in-room entertainment. Select rooms also offer the added luxury of a balcony, providing a private space to enjoy the serene surroundings.

Morning at Hotel Euro begins with a culinary delight. Guests have the option to start their day with a hearty breakfast, choosing from Full English/Irish, Italian, and American options, ensuring a satisfying meal to suit every palate.

For those looking to delve into Albania's rich history, the National Museum of History Albania is conveniently located just 2.5 km away, while the intriguing House of Leaves is a mere 2.7 km from the hotel. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 12 km away, makes Hotel Euro an ideal choice for both international travelers and those looking to explore the depths of Albania's vibrant capital.