---\ntitle: "Hotel Brilant Saranda"\ndescription: "Discover the convenience and comfort of Hotel Brilant Saranda, a gem located just a stone's throw away from the town's vibrant main boulevard."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969015.jpg?k=f0cd726a0aa077eea8424d2f9f155984ca0fc0f298df5f40daed1820bf8b5374&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-brilant-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Golemi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87006622\n  lng: 20.01486495\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969015.jpg?k=f0cd726a0aa077eea8424d2f9f155984ca0fc0f298df5f40daed1820bf8b5374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969130.jpg?k=06c4449c7cc25acfd9bbb64406c49825fd3daf259bdf97e3332b877ad80faa69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969157.jpg?k=342f58f3772fc05267fa7f6a58abad2a6391a588601df29b280bf6c234cddd82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969144.jpg?k=282424c160f82397b69c33cb01dae1fcf59bd68ad10585f98685b8c56bc03124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446969154.jpg?k=2e77498e29caf6fd2a90a8aa53590f4387a6a60e68be77e938a377692306cbd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446968866.jpg?k=3434d4f0964e32511742d24071dc3bac1f18ceb4d37f7cafa8e2f58264663071&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room Side Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Executive Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Executive Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Abi 40 m"\n  - "RESORANT DEMI 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "La Petite Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Hotel is at great location and the view from the room is amazing. Parking is also wery nice in the city centre.
Rooms are cozy and clean. Breakfast is good.”"\n  - name: "Hysni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, definitely will come back again. Strongly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Callum"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“What an exceptional hotel! It was in a great location, was super clean, the breakfast had a good assortment of options amd our room (601) had an Incredible view of the sea from a comfy balcony! Most important though were the staff who really went...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brilant-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAround-the-clock service is a hallmark of Hotel Brilant Saranda, with a 24/7 front desk ready to assist guests at any hour and a cozy hotel bar perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture, the hotel's proximity to essential amenities adds to its appeal. A convenient grocery shop is located merely 50 metres away, while those in pursuit of culinary delights will find a restaurant specializing in Mediterranean cuisine just 100 metres from the hotel. For night owls, a lively night club awaits 200 metres away, promising vibrant evenings.

For guests interested in exploring further afield, the hotel offers car rental services, making the historic centre of Sarandë, located about 700 metres away, easily accessible. Additionally, the hotel's location is ideal for travelers planning to explore the region, with the bus station 700 metres away providing connections to Tirana, Vlorë, Gjirokastër, and Berat. Moreover, the ferry port, situated 1 km from the hotel, offers connections to Corfu Island, opening up even more travel possibilities.

Hotel Brilant Saranda is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the charm and beauty of Sarandë, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both convenience and a touch of local flavor.