---\ntitle: "Hotel Amantia"\ndescription: "Hotel Amantia stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Orikum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377792393.jpg?k=b1d02f9b457330a1343a202d5c4f2e07087672df9433f35bac05660015aa2b4c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-amantia\naddress: "Rruga Pashaliman, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32607948\n  lng: 19.45330248\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 99\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377792393.jpg?k=b1d02f9b457330a1343a202d5c4f2e07087672df9433f35bac05660015aa2b4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377792288.jpg?k=e1ee20796e3bb15fc631f63781dcf4ee0e118154d54d24c378e81c8197dac70d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377796056.jpg?k=8f34aaf2abbf25723fca431df1b4bf59c0e012d4b436289c40cf7178d97c996a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377792197.jpg?k=07e028360501838ca26a553117081055f7b0e78a2644335952240cb81db663b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382547779.jpg?k=fa79e7f8c21099beb6933246a3e4cacd2216c07752461e848f1c8c6616a479e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377791902.jpg?k=352759d0b8371390820730cdcf435c902aadc6c7fe4bc1947949dc129e879ecc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oriku 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Maxolas Dream 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Orikum Beach 10 m"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 13 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elmar"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice little hotel with new modern rooms. Very nice service. Very nice beach that is nicely kept clean.”"\n  - name: "Zumrusha"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The staff was amazing, the place was very clean, I want to especially thank the woman that helped me, I think her name was Naze. She was such a lovely women, to put it short, this place was amazing and definitely worth the price”"\n  - name: "Minkovska"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The host were very friendly, beach was very close from the apartment, clean and modern rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amantia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Amantia are treated to an array of top-notch amenities designed to ensure a comfortable and memorable stay. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts such as air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with a variety of cable channels, and a safety deposit box for peace of mind. The private bathrooms are outfitted with a bidet, hairdryer, and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the guest experience. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in every room allows visitors to keep their refreshments cool and close at hand.

The hotel doesn't just excel in providing comfortable accommodations; the on-site garden, restaurant, and bar offer delightful spaces for relaxation and socializing. Whether looking to enjoy a leisurely meal, sip on a refreshing cocktail, or simply unwind amidst lush greenery, guests will find their needs well catered to.

For those concerned about staying connected, Hotel Amantia ensures seamless connectivity with complimentary WiFi available throughout the property. Furthermore, the reception is staffed by a multilingual team, fluent in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, ready to assist guests with any requests or inquiries, making every stay as effortless and enjoyable as possible.

Situated 170 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel also offers a convenient option for international travelers seeking a tranquil coastal escape. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and warm hospitality, Hotel Amantia promises a stay that's as relaxing as it is enriching.