---\ntitle: "Hotel M&S"\ndescription: "Hotel M&S stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana, a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, the intriguing Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the enriching National Museum of History Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/125933836.jpg?k=ef0913fc93b4820684a117717e309eabd72b56529e654ac30fddcab25b488244&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-m-s\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33146818\n  lng: 19.81832612\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 419\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/125933836.jpg?k=ef0913fc93b4820684a117717e309eabd72b56529e654ac30fddcab25b488244&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/169113804.jpg?k=9a54c2d7bd30fb6a4ce867496d12d16e14ea9e1b9096aa8199cf81d14c716141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101267919.jpg?k=661d40e15d435b43f890599b04bf2a305003610bc4c5e40215ee852750fd1acd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/169113801.jpg?k=12b4e934f5e11ee0a83cc5d8449e0939a013e2c545f3d92ab9663f4efc331ef7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/125933865.jpg?k=83d8dbedf417bf7cdb6909acf89bc4de70614eed5aaacb2e4ba032c084e18eed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119078382.jpg?k=99593a0210a16cfe8f1bc4625c618c3c7616747277ee518e98c1d10ab30f8d51&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Dajkua 50 m"\n  - "Mase 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bang"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“location is perfect, walking distance to anywhere, quiiet neighbourhood, clean room, mini refregirator, cheap price.”"\n  - name: "Alesia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The owners were super nice! The room was small and had everything you need including your own bathroom. The location is also very nice. Its only a 5 min walk to the city center. There are also good supermarkets and restaurants within walking...”"\n  - name: "Michela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very good position. Room was clean and comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-m-and-s-tirane12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering impeccable service around the clock, ensuring guests' needs are met with a 24-hour front desk and unwavering full-day security. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests enjoy access to complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. For those arriving by car, private parking is available, providing peace of mind for an additional fee.

Select accommodations at Hotel M&S are enhanced by balconies adorned with outdoor furniture, offering a private oasis where guests can unwind and soak in the city's atmosphere.

For adventurers looking to venture further, the hotel's car rental service presents the perfect opportunity to explore Tirana's outskirts or embark on a road trip across Albania's stunning landscapes.

Strategically located, Hotel M&S is within proximity to cultural hotspots such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the evocative House of Leaves, and the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, catering to both history buffs and shopping enthusiasts alike. For international travelers, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 14 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Hotel M&S emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in Albania's captivating capital.