---\ntitle: "Hotel Sidi"\ndescription: "Hotel Sidi emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana, located just 5."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189046048.jpg?k=b3b97c312496270ae7591fcc937f193d7fa4478ef8ae3314d8354f995997268d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-sidi\naddress: "Rruga Bedri Çullhaj 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31084149\n  lng: 19.76948676\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 74\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 7.3\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189046048.jpg?k=b3b97c312496270ae7591fcc937f193d7fa4478ef8ae3314d8354f995997268d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336923018.jpg?k=4861078d75363817a7a1d807ba39d2d3a5288399a5bbe13b121f63397de05c82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181499176.jpg?k=117fbaf6c83d469f7b643740cba27bf5cce2428fa59a32910bc815e7dd238865&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181514787.jpg?k=14e7fc7d6764b2d41bab7098891706c85f8b6f3f308554a1bf127fe97d13806d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181517608.jpg?k=82e50c3cadc343b190a4913256f269f114fbd200b92923c5efb4f4036375278b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189046639.jpg?k=383a0a88f60a2af0c06e0d8fbfe39f5dd5c885e3811d024106ec3ff945b28e9c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Era 250 m"\n  - "Sufllaqe 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 2.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 2.5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 2.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cseriova"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Modern room with own bathroom and balcony. Good internet connection.”"\n  - name: "Razvan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Location is in a safe place. Older police station was nearby. Quiet place and homey.”"\n  - name: "Jernej"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Great place! Stayed for one night, would love to come again. Comfortable, very clean, the owner received us late at night without a problem. Looks brand new. Has a few parking spots right in front. Would reccomend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-elior.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Sidi are thoughtfully designed, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, ample storage with a wardrobe, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting balconies that offer a private outdoor retreat.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, and Italian, ensuring that communication is seamless and every need is met with a friendly smile at the reception.

For those looking to explore, Hotel Sidi serves as an ideal base. It is conveniently positioned a short drive from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and within reasonable distance to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering a unique perspective of the area from above. Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje presents itself as a notable landmark, situated 43 km away. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km from the hotel, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Hotel Sidi stands out as a practical and pleasant option for visitors to Tirana, offering a blend of essential comforts, attentive service, and a strategic location for both leisure and exploration.