---\ntitle: "Hotel GRINT"\ndescription: "Hotel GRINT emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301386888.jpg?k=653156215fe5fed65467ef3c1b24206e8ba07f39da8dad4375bc84a1e0c0a236&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-grint\naddress: "Bulevardi I Pishave, Golem, 2005 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24256194\n  lng: 19.51825261\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301386888.jpg?k=653156215fe5fed65467ef3c1b24206e8ba07f39da8dad4375bc84a1e0c0a236&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484622010.jpg?k=9b47cb4ff61115c80f3d873431b3f10db9c5e985e2cf1f9b31ff13233c4aa167&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301386933.jpg?k=a9aa9de8063a3391af453a9ff4fa2fa511787201af87ad7a9735f714477d1367&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484621830.jpg?k=2113cfa694cbc4a3e1a97ff95e3af9d67caa0ea041eb8066341806d678f5728d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484621976.jpg?k=a3f77f73f8fc9e484fea131bf68a82c7f6bf3fb733124e4c9c5289a6a0dc05f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484621632.jpg?k=c22c7b7fdd8d43305a62f2ebe30745cfec57fc3beeae84ede211901b6235e659&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serena 100 m"\n  - "Primo Restorant Golem 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 10 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 600 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The bathroom and suite itself is gorgeous and very spacious. Bed was also comfortable and the view from your balcony of the ocean was A+. Breakfast was included as well which was nice and it tasted good.”"\n  - name: "Armis"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Direkt am Strand mit Meerblick. Geräumige Zimmer, gut funktionierende Klimaanlage. Zimmer sehr sauber, gute Essen ( Frühstück gebucht). Zuvorkommende Personal. Eigene Liegen am Strand.”"\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Lage - direkt am Strand! Wellenrauschen die ganze Nacht. Modern und Sauber, großzügige Zimmer. Kein Straßenlärm.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grint.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering, guests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that are a testament to comfort and convenience, each equipped with a flat-screen TV and a private balcony for soaking in the breathtaking sea views. The inclusion of a small refrigerator and a dining area in each room adds a touch of home, ensuring that guests' needs are met with the utmost attention to detail. The private bathrooms, whether featuring a bath or shower, uphold the hotel's commitment to providing a refreshing and rejuvenating stay.

The amenities at Hotel GRINT extend beyond the confines of its rooms. A 24-hour front desk ensures that guests' inquiries and requests are addressed at any hour, while the presence of a garden and terrace invites moments of reflection and relaxation in the embrace of nature. The shared lounge and luggage storage facilities further exemplify the hotel's dedication to creating a seamless and hassle-free experience for all who walk through its doors.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary parking removes any worries about the logistics of their stay. Located just 10 km from the historical landmarks of Durres’ Port and Durres Amphitheatre, and a mere 43 km from Tirana International Airport, Hotel GRINT stands as a gateway to exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region.

With its strategic location, comprehensive facilities, and commitment to guest satisfaction, Hotel GRINT is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises memorable experiences for every traveler.