---\ntitle: "Hotel Kaso Ervehe"\ndescription: "Hotel Kaso Ervehe emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Përmet."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454689257.jpg?k=005a5da2622fc3efb459b2ca4abc10962579e81e9f4cbf6712e83c1b48bd71a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kaso-ervehe\naddress: "Hotel Kaso Ervehe, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.232966\n  lng: 20.350347\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 208\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454689257.jpg?k=005a5da2622fc3efb459b2ca4abc10962579e81e9f4cbf6712e83c1b48bd71a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454815857.jpg?k=07efe6d9c94c9f7eddd1d5fa9f61c4b350fc0f2c8652f8f740ebfe3f52c1d677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505568809.jpg?k=86a6dd68c1610ff251d5c7479d69962217300a6d240d8f9a621895a5b6d718c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454026748.jpg?k=4d5e431e3ce7c552c943ace640df99508f4ff75fc5f937187513de49bf0d8ee0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454026790.jpg?k=d0d7b1db01f3cb9869a73ce80e1a569865b549024f35e1f92add1af31d8dba1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454816795.jpg?k=d7bb338091c6ad0af3380d7bd539667119f641939eedfcfdde0c343e528500bb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hani Kikes 150 m"\n  - "piazza 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The breakfast was delicious and the owner was so nice! He even cleaned my shoes and allowed our cats to stay with us. They were very helpful and kind. I recommend staying here. Also the dinner they served was very good. The size of the room was...”"\n  - name: "Łukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Hotel is looking great from the outside, inside and is well located just meters from city centre. We have experienced amazing hospitality at every angle. The food we ordered for dinner was exceptional. Fully recommend.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Modern hotel in local style. A bit hidden behind some old communist apartment buildings, but the neighbourhood is safe. A few minutes walk from the main square. Large garden/seating area in front of the hotel for the guests.
Hotel has it's...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kaso-ervehe.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Kaso Ervehe are treated to an environment where every detail is curated for comfort and convenience. The hotel prides itself on offering complimentary high-speed WiFi across the premises, ensuring that guests remain connected and engaged, whether for leisure or business. The convenience extends to complimentary private parking, making arrivals and departures seamless for those traveling by car. Additionally, for those requiring transportation to or from the airport, the hotel facilitates a paid shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transition to and from Ioannina Airport, located 90 km away.

Accommodations at Hotel Kaso Ervehe are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the season. The inclusion of a desk and a flat-screen TV caters to both business travelers and those looking to unwind. The private bathrooms, complete with fresh bed linen and towels, add a touch of privacy and convenience. Perhaps most captivating is the patio accompanying each room, offering guests a personal vista of the surrounding mountains, a feature that truly sets this hotel apart.

The attention to detail extends beyond the physical amenities. Hotel Kaso Ervehe offers room service, allowing guests to enjoy meals in the comfort of their own space, and a concierge service, ready to assist with any requests or recommendations to enhance the stay in Përmet.

In summary, Hotel Kaso Ervehe stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of serene landscapes, thoughtful amenities, and attentive service. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests are sure to find this hotel a memorable part of their journey.