---\ntitle: "Hotel Epidamn Boutique & Spa"\ndescription: "Hotel Epidamn Boutique & Spa stands out as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323560945.jpg?k=cacb92a3c760747071c6bda4180e232cafbf0422579426f643c97bacd62c0038&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-epidamn-boutique-spa\naddress: "Blvd. Epidamn, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31153812\n  lng: 19.44652069\nprice: "US$64"\npriceFrom: 64\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1276\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323560945.jpg?k=cacb92a3c760747071c6bda4180e232cafbf0422579426f643c97bacd62c0038&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254916339.jpg?k=a8dd654b64489fdf8826909ec6d62825dd4348dad35d71a5e5b92f2877d9ded2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195672030.jpg?k=cef1ce70e78e518b980bb38c893f32babc479aff1ce9020996dca0569606c686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/315880821.jpg?k=ba3d3844afcf953851a93badeb904bd297a394a1974e5f58568397db35a2e9ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/315880398.jpg?k=00abf090a1646c4a16cc25ca84dfca595a422af108683680666fc10b962ed329&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295676821.jpg?k=741b8efe87f2083323f402d5e7ad7bdbf2fae85c022fe8a10e3d4c6954016d3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321593321.jpg?k=ab39c51915981e534210399f61af8898653f2d441f155aff3dbb90126a49a726&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321593339.jpg?k=99d847ad29d285687bc0bab5a82343ae4fe388d87464b7e8133894f7ef2a8491&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254916345.jpg?k=10edb58d728bae360c0859503759ae307df129486ae7864a9fd23049f3ebe092&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Executive Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Luna 20 m"\n  - "Traiano 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 300 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 150 m"\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 500 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 700 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great location and old fashioned interior, very comfy beds and accommodating staff at the reception - will gladly stay again if in Durres. The hamam was also a bonus, with additional / massage service available. The a la carte breakfast was also...”"\n  - name: "Mariam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Wonderful hotel with lovely staff. Beautiful interior and good bar.”"\n  - name: "Andrew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very stylish old hotel, immaculate and comfortable.
Location is great - beach, ampitheatre and town all within easy walking distance
Friendly staff and relaxing area”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/epidamn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Epidamn Boutique & Spa are a testament to thoughtful elegance, with each room boasting city views that capture the essence of Durrës. The hotel takes pride in its comprehensive amenities, including a hammam and a spa center designed to provide an oasis of relaxation. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of a 24-hour front desk, seamless airport transfers, attentive room service, and the luxury of free WiFi across the property.

Guest rooms are meticulously appointed, featuring a work desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries adds a touch of convenience, while select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a terrace. For added comfort, all units come with a fridge, ensuring refreshments are always within reach.

The culinary experience at Hotel Epidamn Boutique & Spa is highlighted by the availability of an à la carte breakfast served daily, promising a delightful start to the day. 

Strategically located, the hotel is just 2 km from the picturesque Kallmi Beach and 2.5 km from the vibrant Durres Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the coastal charms of the area. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 34 km away, ensuring easy access for arrivals and departures.

Hotel Epidamn Boutique & Spa emerges as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of serene beach proximity, luxurious amenities, and impeccable service in Durrës.