---\ntitle: "Hotel Mira Mare"\ndescription: "Hotel Mira Mare stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Ksamil, just a short 270-meter stroll from the pristine beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230874331.jpg?k=997281223d192d68edd8fb73baf51bb23d0034163d8d8625d80c2df94c81a1fa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-mira-mare\naddress: "Rruga Kol Jakova, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76410238\n  lng: 19.99596762\nprice: "US$323"\npriceFrom: 323\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 829\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/230874331.jpg?k=997281223d192d68edd8fb73baf51bb23d0034163d8d8625d80c2df94c81a1fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367957616.jpg?k=3bdd37f38a7d932e4edc7a2a8579c8163be0049dbcf6fc8502f6c88f6e0ed87f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256592438.jpg?k=d5cffb591600c7c9d36b34b5e8029994689ae02c640b4d19010ece528363c0de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494773061.jpg?k=2d451af4fdacad1bc3b1fa652c38ab0e69a78166a1c7df2568636542ea4add73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494772991.jpg?k=41ac9e60034fca07117d007a0ec41238aa5c102f38f62bbe9aeacebae17170f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494772953.jpg?k=f78f927799e0e127cb85b444f90d5bd3eae549b7bea7a11a3ae9b0a7a7ebfe3c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 100 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 250 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Svinray"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The Hotel Mira Mare accommodation in Ksamil, Albania was fantastic! The location was perfect and the view was breathtaking, just by the sea front. The host was friendly and accommodating. I highly recommend this place! The breakfast was epic”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The room was clean, reception stuff was lovely and the location was ideal. Lots of beaches, restaurants and bars nearby. Breakfast options were good as well as the rooftop terrace.”"\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great view over the beach. Spacious room, handy to have a kettle and hun if required. Enjoyed sitting on our balcony in the evening.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mira-mare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nRooms at Hotel Mira Mare are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen cable TV, a kitchenette for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a dining area for a homely eating experience. The private bathrooms come with a refreshing shower, ensuring a comfortable stay. For added convenience, each room is furnished with a desk and a coffee machine, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Select accommodations also offer breathtaking sea views, allowing guests to wake up to the serene beauty of the sea.

Located just 3.5 km from the historical Butrint National Park, the hotel offers an excellent opportunity for guests to explore the rich cultural heritage of the area. Sarande, with its vibrant atmosphere, is a mere 14 km away, making Hotel Mira Mare an ideal base for exploring the wider region.

For those traveling by car, the convenience of free private parking on-site is a notable advantage, adding to the stress-free experience of staying at Hotel Mira Mare. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beach or the comfort of well-appointed rooms, Hotel Mira Mare promises an unforgettable stay in Ksamil.