---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila 11"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila 11 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of relaxation and adventure right on the doorstep of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483720507.jpg?k=d96adbaaee6242705304d682339af8808bc2e1e3102fcb831d183569d9d28ee8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-11\naddress: "Rruga Porta e Detit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30101912\n  lng: 19.49600965\nprice: "US$77"\npriceFrom: 77\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483720507.jpg?k=d96adbaaee6242705304d682339af8808bc2e1e3102fcb831d183569d9d28ee8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483723604.jpg?k=16e0c7f94fcc193daa3cedd1079371b7ad2b1e215676b7b8044ce8db96413f4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483721532.jpg?k=76775cfeac919268dd6e9b1d243e74372b6a344af4fc25050609da06391389df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483903790.jpg?k=dc397a0f5295626d4e663b18b27b7da547ce1035afbb3a1d2c30f2fca0441166&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483926829.jpg?k=cd9220e3f87dd8065e3b85591d90fcd5b863d9e9e4a3610fd1ffb0f0025a69ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483927506.jpg?k=c86f8bb53a0b8b23bd59c0a707c4499accb27a73aef99028d925b077c9abc96c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Verona 50 m"\n  - "Daril Beer Snack 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We had an absolutely delightful experience at this place! The location was perfect, the breakfasts were delicious, everything was impeccably clean and tastefully decorated. Moreover, the incredibly kind and friendly family who ran the place made...”"\n  - name: "Inis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We booked a sea view room which had plenty of space for 2 people. The balcony overlooking the sea was one of my favorites, as the view we had of the sea was amazing. The staff was super polite and super helpful, the breakfast also was varied and...”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The best accomoditation in Durres far away rooms are new very clean and prepared for long stay on high standarts sea view from balcony is huge bonus from every room, brakfast was wonderful served on terrace by the pool everything was prepared...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-11.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to breathtaking sea views that can be enjoyed from the comfort of their own balconies, a feature of every room. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with modern conveniences such as air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms complete with walk-in showers and slippers, ensuring a stay that marries comfort with luxury. For those needing to attend to business or personal matters, a desk is provided in each unit.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, visitors have access to a seasonal outdoor swimming pool surrounded by a lush garden, perfect for a refreshing dip or lounging in the sun. The sun terrace invites guests to unwind and soak in the picturesque surroundings. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to share their experiences or stay in touch with loved ones.

For dining and leisure, the guest house features a coffee shop, bar, and lounge, catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. The area surrounding Hotel Vila 11 is renowned for its cycling and canoeing opportunities, with bike hire conveniently available on-site for those eager to explore the local landscape. Families will appreciate the kids' pool, ensuring fun for all ages.

Situated 2.8 km from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, the guest house is also within manageable distance from notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for exploring the wider area. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 33 km away, adds an extra layer of convenience.

Hotel Vila 11 stands out as a sanctuary for those seeking a serene getaway with the promise of adventure and exploration within easy reach.