---\ntitle: "Hotel Pik Loti"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the family-operated Hotel Pik Loti, a gem that offers both convenience and comfort right in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466994603.jpg?k=39fddf22e3f018bd960e1e98f24c1a888d057574deb25ffc53a1da9dbf43ca6a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-pik-loti\naddress: "Petro Nini Luarasi Road, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32544906\n  lng: 19.82792974\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 569\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466994603.jpg?k=39fddf22e3f018bd960e1e98f24c1a888d057574deb25ffc53a1da9dbf43ca6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429479256.jpg?k=13753e4ada7f9c068110b1e661b318b706c44b15c9ff9ce9013cf759a23a5c0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51596395.jpg?k=ae79e8419c9e11d8c3eb144b05cc9cae52aec99d59a2bf461aa41fa5899e292f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429479274.jpg?k=5faafb9bf71eed9c2a8df2836a2168b4623aa98c32154910b0d18a13a24e1507&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429479257.jpg?k=aa5084245d52bee47865d8b8c5217c838351cd0c13e15ce60bd372b197ab7922&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429503027.jpg?k=c5f4ed169fc3b4b46adfd751eb597561bdea7e385ed96997508fb6b62c852002&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\n  - "Superior Triple Room with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Basement 10 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Meta 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joonas"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Wifi was very good and location is also very close the the center.”"\n  - name: "Ivana"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Great cosy hotel with a very central location. The price is great, single room had everything a person needs and there's even a breakfast included. Definitely worth the price.”"\n  - name: "Gino"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“I did not have the time for breakfast but paying the fee with breakfast included, it's definitely worth it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pik-loti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Pik Loti is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, cable TV, and a mini-fridge, catering to the needs of contemporary travelers. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, bidet, and hairdryer, adding an extra layer of convenience to your stay.

For those moments of relaxation, the hotel's lounge bar is the perfect spot. Here, guests can unwind with a variety of snacks and an extensive selection of both local and international beverages. If you prefer a quiet morning, breakfast can be enjoyed in the comfort of your room.

Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to a local gym, just a short stroll away. Meanwhile, the vibrant Blloku neighborhood, merely 400 meters from the hotel, offers an array of entertainment options, from lively bars and restaurants to bustling clubs and shopping streets. For those in pursuit of retail therapy, Tirana's largest shopping center is just a 15-minute journey away.

Cultural explorers will find themselves enchanted by the nearby historical landmarks, including the Tabak Bridge, the Pyramid, and Tirana’s Old Castle, all within easy walking distance. Skanderbeg Square, a focal point of the city, is also just 500 meters away. Conveniently, a bus stop located directly in front of the hotel offers easy access to further destinations, including the train and bus stations, which provide frequent services to Durrës and the coastal areas. For those flying in or out, Tirana Airport is a mere 18 kilometers from the hotel.

In summary, Hotel Pik Loti emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local flavor during their stay in Tirana.