---\ntitle: "Hotel Pini"\ndescription: "Hotel Pini stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, welcoming both you and your furry friends with open arms."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71411555.jpg?k=e190d96c2a68561c927bace308cc82cb43a29a13437a443873512e074fa9f318&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-pini\naddress: "Rruga Jonianet, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8732909\n  lng: 20.0054128\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 288\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71411555.jpg?k=e190d96c2a68561c927bace308cc82cb43a29a13437a443873512e074fa9f318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71469718.jpg?k=78d3a3f641bef80ce8753159bd99d6899d1cc84f19a52917f3c3fbcfd3c95d89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71469737.jpg?k=151efa588b35a305d9658c6236a5a8443cbd19cc68652826fc77f4a3821b017a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145740402.jpg?k=a090e834698b40cae55bcda176bc5f7feee2f1dcd2f24c1ff5b006e7bdd44484&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71410385.jpg?k=c5dbbc508be6083c796aa4d83b75b231667ba4f5c4912884aa26015f3f28ed51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71414267.jpg?k=5865f6a88d21cd5337eb5ea12ba0d5a27ebd247fd303414e7bdd6f484bc34bef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482189550.jpg?k=8b1b02035723972f5e468f1e121c980237b55dafe770b959bdd4e57e186426f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71408383.jpg?k=b5ede7f8aa8a7dc6584136fbc9201c5d9da0313128c969e144647957d5fd4366&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95442079.jpg?k=cc273f22581ec3780c53c82cbcc3c003b829c64651d4b2b13fd93d43221078cb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fresco Fresh Fish 10 m"\n  - "Gerthela 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 950 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Souchard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location,: public beach just in front of the hotel, 5 minutes from the buses terminal, friendly staff. Loved being by the promenade. Seaview was a bonus. Plenty of choices for the breakfasr”"\n  - name: "Tahar"\n    country: "Algeria"\n    text: "“The staff is nice, welcoming and very helpful. This hotel is literally by the beach, I didn't need to take any bag with me from my room to the beach. I recommand ta pay higher to get a seaside view because it's really worth it. The room I got was...”"\n  - name: "Lauren"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The rooms were very clean there was a hairdryer and they provided room cleaning and fresh towels everyday. The breakfast was very nice as well there was a good selection of food. Had some lovely sea views it's right on the beach too close to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pini-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Pini is thoughtfully designed to ensure maximum comfort, featuring a private balcony, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of air conditioning in every room guarantees a refreshing retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. Private bathrooms equipped with showers add to the convenience, ensuring a pleasant stay.

For those intrigued by history and nature, the ancient Lëkurësi Castle is merely 2.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich past. Further afield, Butrint National Park, located within 18 km, presents a unique opportunity to explore a harmonious blend of lush natural landscapes and ancient Greek ruins.

Travelers concerned about accessibility need not worry, as Corfu Airport is approximately 35 km away. The journey to this international gateway is made effortless with ferry services available from the Port of Sarandë, a mere 200 meters from Hotel Pini. This proximity to key transport links underscores the hotel's appeal to both international visitors and locals alike, making it an ideal choice for anyone seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural exploration in Sarandë.