---\ntitle: "Hotel Gorica - UNESCO quarter"\ndescription: "Hotel Gorica, located in the heart of Berat's UNESCO quarter, offers a unique accommodation experience with its breathtaking mountain and river views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491066811.jpg?k=17aec64cd53b76206aeb5ed3beab223e51a6c88bb1068caa0112fb57aa201b47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-gorica-unesco-quarter\naddress: "Rruga Stiliano Bandilli, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.7025779\n  lng: 19.9460194\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 349\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491066811.jpg?k=17aec64cd53b76206aeb5ed3beab223e51a6c88bb1068caa0112fb57aa201b47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488378856.jpg?k=5e1742b9dffe0ab560287df1dc32848828a33e4dd5f699c13eaeb690988d9b47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491069461.jpg?k=2e14e423a37c63d48d7b22dfed183777e2d57c01b6dbe75cddfdf4eba6bb5862&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479829572.jpg?k=d16e27cdcd7f8a9aa0a4b42c9c630b08bcb63475921cb764780506dba93770b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479818150.jpg?k=0cb8c7296d2092715485382345493b6819737f9f13bfae72e4b686662f06f357&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449782895.jpg?k=413fd7e148749d144c6877714043233d984a54463755dde24126efc12960bfbe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita E Beratit - Traditional Food 30 m"\n  - "Zonja Gjene 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louis"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location with an amazing view of the mountain/river/city. Also, the breakfast every morning was tremendous. I had a great time here!”"\n  - name: "Ashley"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Breakfast was amazing. Facilities, bed, room were all wonderful. I wish we could have stayed longer. The city is beautiful and there are two very popular bar/restaurants on the corner.”"\n  - name: "Lama"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“it was a good hotel good location good breakfast but above all the hosts were very friendly and helpful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gorica-b-amp-b-unesco-quarter.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room is equipped with a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary slippers, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. Guests can enjoy the benefits of free WiFi throughout their stay, with select rooms boasting the added luxury of a private balcony. For those seeking a touch of home, certain accommodations come equipped with a kettle and a welcoming selection of fruits.

Mornings at Hotel Gorica are a delight, with a variety of breakfast options available. Guests can start their day with a sumptuous buffet or a continental breakfast, each offering fresh pastries, fruits, and juice, promising a perfect beginning to any day.

Situated 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Gorica offers a serene escape in the UNESCO quarter of Berat, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in a historic setting.