---\ntitle: "Hotel Alexis"\ndescription: "Hotel Alexis emerges as a serene retreat, boasting breathtaking sea views and a prime location just a stone's throw from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102725116.jpg?k=b3db9f4da957aaddfa7798ec902163ca86656d9428e0084024f638a7ed02b1cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alexis\naddress: "Rruga S. Kondo No 3 , Ground floor, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76655614\n  lng: 19.99801402\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102725116.jpg?k=b3db9f4da957aaddfa7798ec902163ca86656d9428e0084024f638a7ed02b1cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245884904.jpg?k=4db04bc982de6201d9c0fa7897bec6b10f5945fedb818a86e6673ac5417b9036&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/235585788.jpg?k=9a43b563f2704c5fb861809fc5d86c992656d71b70d31586e9ed611e38e3d25b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/235585793.jpg?k=5db63e1c964458f7bd1594c26c7464f6a72d4ef9e0fc70500b003baf8beda305&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/235585801.jpg?k=9baadd3e4720db98d02312aefc693c1f6978f36be856b9fd6fa4b0efadb69450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/235585808.jpg?k=d1d621d0b9e9da5213d34179b8d48200b4f2e9f7ef3c88ce429d076eaa61636b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/235585815.jpg?k=a4a861709955b726407ace355164393f46372b6ffb0248205bfd751998c1ab37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223531680.jpg?k=4c2dcbc303c145e02f346cfe420a3f92a0498dad229ff17b73557f2297e4937d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223531359.jpg?k=5df7e42d99e8ca5dbe9a6202f71c6cc40165c44c4fc763280abc2c944adc810a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Playa Tex Mex 50 m"\n  - "Playa Beach 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 100 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 150 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carlos"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Really friendly guy, and very friendly.
Always there to help you!”"\n  - name: "Carla"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“A great place to stay in Ksamil! We were welcomed by the kind smiling Alexis who is very hospitable and communicated using google translate! It is located super close to the beach and in a super quiet place, so had a good night sleep! We...”"\n  - name: "Jeffrey"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Alexis is very friendly even though I could not speak his language The room is spotless, with a good balcony and very close to the beach and shops. Thank you I loved my stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alexis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDesigned with accessibility in mind, Hotel Alexis ensures a hassle-free stay for all guests, providing amenities such as complimentary WiFi, ample private parking, and specially adapted facilities for disabled guests. Each apartment within the complex is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a terrace that opens up to majestic mountain views. The promise of a home away from home is fulfilled with a fully equipped kitchen, an al fresco dining area, and a cozy bathroom equipped with a shower, complemented by the provision of fresh bed linen and towels.

The allure of Hotel Alexis is further enhanced by its well-maintained garden, complete with a barbecue area, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely outdoor gatherings. For those with an adventurous spirit, the surrounding area offers excellent hiking trails.

Situated in close proximity to a selection of coveted beaches, including Paradise Beach, Lori Beach, and Bora Bora Beach, Hotel Alexis serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty of the region. Moreover, the convenience of being located 92 km from Corfu International Airport adds to its appeal for international travelers seeking a tranquil escape by the sea.