---\ntitle: "Hotel Elisa Tirana, Affiliated by Meliá"\ndescription: "Hotel Elisa Tirana, Affiliated by Meliá, emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414719031.jpg?k=f4e45628fffd214597af4b09383245722f6f3b05e9b0583f4a355c4598de2cc2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-elisa-tirana-affiliated-by-meli\naddress: "Str of Dibra 8, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33629709\n  lng: 19.82439836\nprice: "US$92"\npriceFrom: 92\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 859\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414719031.jpg?k=f4e45628fffd214597af4b09383245722f6f3b05e9b0583f4a355c4598de2cc2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414725228.jpg?k=99f5fc26eb801720f182c4be13a57fd03316762531dbc38baeaa0daf6d4eacf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414723563.jpg?k=d38a80023dd87c7a246f7053d6835d7c9cbcf184daad75f53ab22226d3f346aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414717575.jpg?k=1144a8e862fb0a53d7fc3529d23667ba1dba619d6e3034ece359b909e25f63e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414717548.jpg?k=988ad64f2991e4d7c284aeefe4b6d1f6397203694379bb548c0145f135ef70a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414719017.jpg?k=69f03b2610dae1cd11ad698d0d883f23159e0bec3634506703c8c16f4bf178e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Room with Double Bed"\n  - "Standard Room with Double Bed and Views"\n  - "Premium Room with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Bathtub"\n  - "Suite with Terrace"\n  - "Presidential Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rio bar 100 m"\n  - "Vila Floso 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Omoruyi"\n    country: "Nigeria"\n    text: "“I love how this place is clean and the staff are so amazing”"\n  - name: "Lianne"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent staff who were so kind and welcoming. The spa is gorgeous! Delicious food. Exceptionally clean and spacious rooms. We had a gorgeous suite with a great view of Tirana. Location was convenient to main attractions. Recommended!”"\n  - name: "Zeenat"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel, lovely spa, and helpful staff!
Hotel VERY clean
Everything close by Had a wonderful stay”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elisa-tirana-affiliated-by-melia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Elisa Tirana are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring city views that capture the essence of Tirana's vibrant atmosphere. Each room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a minibar, and a coffee machine, complemented by a sleek ensuite bathroom with complimentary toiletries, ensuring a blend of luxury and comfort.

Guests at Hotel Elisa Tirana can start their day with a choice of buffet, continental, or Italian breakfast, offering a taste of local and international flavors. The hotel's spa center invites guests to unwind and rejuvenate, while those seeking relaxation can indulge in the sauna and hot tub facilities, providing a perfect escape after a day of exploration.

For business travelers, Hotel Elisa Tirana accommodates professional needs with impeccable ironing services and essential business facilities, including fax and photocopying, ensuring a seamless blend of leisure and productivity.

Strategically positioned near notable attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre, the hotel serves as an ideal base for guests eager to explore the cultural and historical riches of Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, Hotel Elisa Tirana, Affiliated by Meliá, stands as a gateway to the enchanting city of Tirana, promising an unforgettable experience for both leisure and business travelers alike.