---\ntitle: "Hotel Kodra"\ndescription: "Hotel Kodra, situated in the historic city of Gjirokastër and a mere 44 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180916393.jpg?k=fc598fef23a8e9279784bb8b96ad3415c251b5cfa06d4b5c7a8effa433d27a37&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kodra\naddress: "Lagjia 11 Janari Rruga E Zejtareve, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07546721\n  lng: 20.13874948\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 263\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180916393.jpg?k=fc598fef23a8e9279784bb8b96ad3415c251b5cfa06d4b5c7a8effa433d27a37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180916771.jpg?k=b166aaef98aba9a85e04be9b100f0fa40a76a29b02563c76f83179e339ece8ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100085034.jpg?k=8ebf74663e27da5a433cf6133a1f8f58bff82214b50125ed43204b0d40170777&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181140736.jpg?k=2ced9cc31d98dc12d2f2f7fbdd137b1579a0c754bff107d9b3f152fc978ef1a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181138092.jpg?k=1556a752555267661086c1d9019cfd56aadb3d7601c9e45db1289902ab34df90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181140889.jpg?k=5928dd5180af6cbfb72a4fefadfb1ecfd405ca1cb61cca508111e87a288c38ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Superior Suite"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Karl"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions and we have always had a tremendous stay.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was fantastic. The staff were superb. We booked the suite which was great value for money and a lovely breakfast. Made to feel very welcome”"\n  - name: "Karen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel in central location. Nice views from terrace. Nice, spacious family room suitable for 5 people. Nice buffet breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kodra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nWith connectivity at the forefront of its amenities, guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay. The hotel prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service and the added convenience of an ATM on the premises. For those looking to explore the local culture and attractions, Hotel Kodra's evening entertainment and tour desk services provide ample opportunities for adventure and discovery.

Accommodations at Hotel Kodra are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box, ensuring a stay that is both relaxing and secure. Entertainment and relaxation are further enhanced by the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a private terrace. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with showers, add a touch of privacy and convenience, while the inclusion of a wardrobe in guest rooms allows for easy organization and storage.

Morning starts on a high note at Hotel Kodra, with a breakfast selection that caters to various tastes and preferences. Guests can choose from buffet, continental, or Full English/Irish options, ensuring a satisfying start to the day.

For travelers arriving by air, the nearest point of entry is Ioannina Airport, located 83 km from the hotel, making Hotel Kodra an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors.