---\ntitle: "Hotel Italia"\ndescription: "Hotel Italia emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tiranë, situated merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139369773.jpg?k=d2b7747ed2e374dc7739261a113148a859f7821d81e591aa55f2b1a71c19b895&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-italia\naddress: "Sotir Kolea NR 10, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32037292\n  lng: 19.82934594\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 172\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139369773.jpg?k=d2b7747ed2e374dc7739261a113148a859f7821d81e591aa55f2b1a71c19b895&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139362530.jpg?k=9554a49c5d0135d06a2a2419b7e6936ce497f6e65628b83357fda876a3a9aead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139365409.jpg?k=2c7d704363987fa746ed3ce8215df9d0fe6770ac117b2762b4148f76744d9970&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139369732.jpg?k=a8ae550163b16e036b62258fe9be670e18b742e89be02778b400bdab01c70db6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139368743.jpg?k=823dca82f151b0e6be51156edf4b90c1ae8942b1c0bf3296a3011141b1030c9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239360719.jpg?k=2a76b5d70a874ae8a7d4e47fbb13317b6010c1a642abe9f9a8462382f400a05a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fokus 20 m"\n  - "Odeon 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rodica-cristina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The manager of the hotel is a very kind person and he is willing to make your stay as enjoyable as possible.”"\n  - name: "Remi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Rooms are spacious with large bathroom and balcony. Caught really nice sunlight too. Temperature of the rooms were good. Staff were clear and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Just a great little hotel with an exceptionally friendly staff. You can't beat this hotel for the value. I was very happy, and pleasantly surprised. Highly recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/italia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFor those requiring additional services, Hotel Italia does not disappoint, providing laundry and ironing services to keep guests looking their best throughout their stay. Culinary needs are effortlessly met with a restaurant, grocery store, and a bar located a stone's throw away, approximately 15 meters from the hotel, ensuring that guests have a variety of dining options at their fingertips.

Explorers eager to immerse themselves in the local culture will find Hotel Italia's location ideal. The city center, a hub of activity, is home to notable attractions such as Skenderberg Square, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the Archeological Museum. For those willing to venture a bit further, the historic Fortress Preza and Petrela are accessible within a 15 km radius, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history.

Convenience is further underscored by the hotel's proximity to major transportation links. The Main Bus Station is located just 800 meters away, facilitating easy exploration of the surrounding area. For international travelers, Tirana Airport is within a manageable distance of 15 km, with shuttle services available at a surcharge to ensure seamless arrivals and departures.

Hotel Italia stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing into the vibrant heart of Tiranë.