---\ntitle: "Hotel Restaurant Bujtina e Gjelit"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Restaurant Bujtina e Gjelit, a hidden gem located just 3 km from the bustling heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/34321148.jpg?k=c88ee22c5d1d3f48c0f904af9762e428dd0d8518d415c1f48a9ff4a5ee20ca4b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-restaurant-bujtina-e-gjelit\naddress: "Rr.Don Bosco 28, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34044569\n  lng: 19.80160097\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 809\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/34321148.jpg?k=c88ee22c5d1d3f48c0f904af9762e428dd0d8518d415c1f48a9ff4a5ee20ca4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12027536.jpg?k=ba634124f289fad0b620586b06f2b802f215525a941a5106ea3ccf3798f59525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367456203.jpg?k=537f12a6995f2424a0969ddf45093651722590f32ccca2524fc92a94935e0ea7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209575981.jpg?k=8360e8916671269aa0edb76235dead5e120ec73ee3fd02e39db88801ac02cadc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209576023.jpg?k=b27ba8b615f76aa469dfcd00319325bb5e461eb5a08f11409ccb600bef933273&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209575820.jpg?k=d109b0bdd104d224a1253b727c8267a83e13c54594a820c4a60e9f0648691551&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri te Pisha 30 m"\n  - "Pizza Hallall Kleidi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.7 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gearoid"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The style was different and I loved the art collection on the walls upstairs. Once you get oriented, it’s easy to get to Skanderbeg Square- straight all the way down Don Bosko and Mine Peza. The staff was helpful and I imagine the pool must be...”"\n  - name: "Oğuz"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“- The hotel looks very ancient like from Middle Age. We were staying like in museum, I loved the decoration. - Location is 15 mins far away center by walking. You can park your car free in front of the hotel. - Room was so cozy. Maybe they can...”"\n  - name: "Rahul"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“The amazing hospitality and the overall look and feel of the place ❤️ The manager is so well versed with handling guests and managing things. He served us with some of the best wines & food 😇 the evenings at this place is mesmerising 🥰”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/restaurant-bujtina-e-gjelit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Bujtina e Gjelit is a haven of tranquility, with views overlooking the serene swimming pool. Guests can enjoy modern amenities such as satellite TV and a minibar, alongside the convenience of a private bathroom equipped with either a shower or a bathtub, catering to all preferences.

The culinary experience at Bujtina e Gjelit is not to be missed. The on-site restaurant prides itself on a diverse menu that spans local specialties and international favorites, promising a delightful dining experience for every palate.

For those eager to explore, the center of Tirana is a treasure trove of cultural landmarks, including the historic Fortress of Justinian and the vibrant Skanderbeg Square. The Main Boulevard invites leisurely strolls with its array of shops, cafés, and restaurants, while the Blloku Area offers a glimpse into the city's lively nightlife scene.

Convenience is key at Bujtina e Gjelit, with a local bus stop just 500 meters away, making it easy for guests to navigate the city. Moreover, Tirana International Airport is a mere 15-minute drive, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

In summary, Hotel Restaurant Bujtina e Gjelit is an excellent choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a taste of local culture, all within close proximity to the heart of Tirana.