---\ntitle: "Hotel Stela Center"\ndescription: "Hotel Stela Center emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183883088.jpg?k=7041f019d7425cb04a0aa97d13cfea80d9a79399987eb124c1dd0df8e9ae3914&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-stela-center\naddress: "Street Abdullah Keta Street of Dibra, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.331817\n  lng: 19.821806\nprice: "US$102"\npriceFrom: 102\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1032\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183883088.jpg?k=7041f019d7425cb04a0aa97d13cfea80d9a79399987eb124c1dd0df8e9ae3914&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183890150.jpg?k=f0541e4bee48b0cb1af6e2d78ec9cda1625bf8986ceb60ed08713ef07fb663cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183890728.jpg?k=946ea05464c812435987bf2d58197d168e6cf9bbaf7b35f3ca7299e931db0f3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183890726.jpg?k=db3301fb359b245b64fb5356e6a75452303b787f32586914af88f5479acf7d92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183890769.jpg?k=0e989e614eb133573d69032e1e8ba14547a54cba8edb263deb2c55b66ce0e0b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184228696.jpg?k=f229f9bfd62cbe0e01977d68fc6b41f2b105d0b43f96746e37aa97c4e05367dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183889529.jpg?k=1009d00f424808106017e2281e4c537272e41d822f75b892323babc469984459&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183885653.jpg?k=517781256615235d3af32f95d5560766b7dea854befe6d3065c9a932330a506c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183885611.jpg?k=941330aeb3841f83e03f3ceb57016c4316dd01cf589853298a28a8a3517240a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fratellis Fish House 10 m"\n  - "Shije Fshati 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aurela"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“.
The staff was so friendly, they were so able to help us when we needed, best staff in Tirana. The hotel was so clean and beautiful interior. We had a wonderful stay.”"\n  - name: "Lindsay"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely clean room and bathroom. Easy walking distance from city centre and local attractions.”"\n  - name: "Linda"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“It appears the hotel has been recently renovated/upgraded. Everything was neat, clean and looked new.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stela-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Stela Center is a haven of relaxation, featuring air conditioning, a private bathroom, and thoughtful amenities including a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV. Guests can expect to start their day with a delightful continental breakfast, a perfect energizer for exploring the city or attending to business.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site restaurant, where a fusion of Greek and local dishes tantalizes the taste buds, offering a genuine taste of the region's rich culinary heritage.

For those looking to venture beyond the hotel's comforts, the Dajti Express cable car is a mere 4.4 km away, offering breathtaking views of the city and its surroundings. Meanwhile, the Sky Tower, standing 1.4 km from the hotel, provides another vantage point for panoramic vistas.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 17 km away, making Hotel Stela Center an ideal base for both international visitors and those exploring Albania's vibrant capital. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and attentive service, Hotel Stela Center stands out as a premier choice for discerning guests.