---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Dedej"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Dedej emerges as a charming retreat just a stone's throw away from the vibrant Durres Beach, offering a serene escape with the convenience of modern amenities and the warmth of traditional hospitality."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499132101.jpg?k=d2d0c3d3fe9ebe7f7fad34570752e8a0db81d324c7db016537b84bbea67bce7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-dedej\naddress: "Rruga David Selenica, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31424458\n  lng: 19.47869609\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499132101.jpg?k=d2d0c3d3fe9ebe7f7fad34570752e8a0db81d324c7db016537b84bbea67bce7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500910431.jpg?k=fe000b6cdae6ca21b0177436516f0a7691c1ee01d4caf620099103558fee5380&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500909492.jpg?k=5178a62db9f7ad8e93907cc6051e58c8cf1c9e6fb7f17f8210959089b04eda8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498480728.jpg?k=2f59346d1f0b3724da67f908dbf323f95d0d086833269bba9a3291fb66ccbe0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498480200.jpg?k=dea04620f2736c0eb28bf327337abfd7b2b8d446e757d2f60301cb36655f00a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500910988.jpg?k=808a6e9d227858e9343d5d603a8b385b5f33f263067efae65aa32f989b5166da&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Mira Mare 150 m"\n  - "Spiranca 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mirka"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The rooms were clean, very comfortable, and the staff was amazing. They went over and beyond to help make our stay enjoyable. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting downtown Durres.”"\n  - name: "Matgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The room is spacious and clean. Recepsion girl is very kind and helpful. The hotel is 1 min walk away from the beach and is surrouned by many shops, bars and restaurannts. I will come back to stay here as my hotel of choice when I'm at Durres....”"\n  - name: "Elenomade"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ambiente pulito, ordinato e spazioso, in posizione comoda e col parcheggio privato. Staff gentilissimo che ha fatto di tutto per rendere il nostro soggiorno comodo e piacevole (viaggiavamo con un cane guida che è stato accolto in modo da far sì...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-dedej.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are welcomed into a world where comfort meets convenience, with each air-conditioned room thoughtfully equipped with essentials such as a desk, kettle, fridge, and safety deposit box, not to mention the added luxury of a flat-screen TV. The allure of Hotel Vila Dedej is further enhanced by select rooms offering serene garden views, each boasting a balcony for a private outdoor retreat. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a private bathroom with a shower in every room, ensuring a stay that is as relaxing as it is comfortable.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are invited to explore the array of facilities that Hotel Vila Dedej proudly offers. Free bikes beckon the adventurous at heart to discover the surrounding area on two wheels, while the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot for evening relaxation. The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in its comprehensive services, including a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers for ease of travel, and the convenience of a shared kitchen. Moreover, the entire property is enveloped in free WiFi, ensuring that guests remain connected throughout their stay.

For those seeking to immerse themselves in the local culture and landscape, Hotel Vila Dedej's location in Durrës is ideal for engaging in activities such as cycling, allowing guests to experience the beauty of the region firsthand. With its proximity to both the allure of the coast and the pulse of historical sites, Hotel Vila Dedej stands as a testament to the perfect blend of leisure and exploration, making it a preferred choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.