---\ntitle: "Hotel DARDANIA"\ndescription: "Hotel DARDANIA emerges as a serene oasis in Kukës, situated a mere 23 km from the historic Sinan Pasha Mosque and the imposing Kalaja Fortress Prizren."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401996163.jpg?k=e3d6e2a7e53e9bdc4f6da70f5ca0517a1166df70871b7bb1c9f2ddfb73d787e3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-dardania\naddress: "Autostrada Kukes-Morin Km10, Rruga e Kombit, Kukës 8514, 8514 Kukës, Albania"\ncity: "Kukës"\nlocation: "Kukës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.12222161\n  lng: 20.51415313\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401996163.jpg?k=e3d6e2a7e53e9bdc4f6da70f5ca0517a1166df70871b7bb1c9f2ddfb73d787e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403527000.jpg?k=be3ab3f9e1b21b8c5ec3e114e3963a37a0275bad5cd1556d167ae84dd97a4642&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403525841.jpg?k=8148bc1047bf6f5de0a73481ac81bf1935fa42809eb3f01daf3dd92d3eb73543&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400632352.jpg?k=0d013561650b39a957d89a13eaeb88330f75f5d92c971be74add047b319b295d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403527041.jpg?k=0ca0cedc3af93e198ba2c54874d4e0a7c140a864a15c13c96f6f33659ca459eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400634928.jpg?k=3cbbf914c4a90b3bd4a7fe9f13c777e4735194136b8e6738570074f876f49258&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vellezrit Syla 2.9 km"\n  - "Jeta 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Brekija Perla Kuksiane 9 km"\n  - "Partia Socialiste Kukes 10 km"\n  - "Parku I Qytetit 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Pristina International Airport 64 km"\n  - "Skopje International Airport 93 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tracy"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“We had a wonderful 1-night stay at this stately multi-story hotel. The views from the windows aren't great, with the mountain view room basically looking at a quarry, and the garden view room looking over towards the motorway, but the rooms...”"\n  - name: "Marianna"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Everything was very good. We arrived late at night and they welcomed us. They are kind and helpful. The hotel is clean and well equipped.”"\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Staff very friendly and helpful. Dinner for 8 prepared very nicely in a short time. Really enjoyed the hospitality.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kompleksi-dardania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAt Hotel DARDANIA, the accommodations are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with modern amenities including a desk for those needing to stay connected, a kettle for a warm cup of tea, a minibar stocked with refreshments, and a safety deposit box for valuables. Entertainment and relaxation are ensured with a flat-screen TV, while the private balcony offers a personal space to breathe in the fresh air. The ensuite bathrooms are fitted with showers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

The culinary experience at Hotel DARDANIA is not to be missed. Guests are invited to start their day with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The on-site restaurant promises a journey through local and international cuisines, while the bar serves as a cozy spot for an evening drink.

For those looking to explore the rich history and culture of the area, the hotel is conveniently located within 23 km of the Albanian League of Prizren Museum and the Mahmet Pasha Hamam, offering a glimpse into the region's past. Despite its serene setting, the hotel remains accessible, with Pristina International Airport just 95 km away, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a blend of convenience and tranquility.

Hotel DARDANIA stands out for its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange services to ensure a hassle-free stay. Whether it's the thoughtful amenities, the serene environment, or the attentive service, Hotel DARDANIA promises an unforgettable experience for those visiting Kukës.