---\ntitle: "Hotel Pogradeci"\ndescription: "Hotel Pogradeci stands as a serene retreat on the shores of Lake Ohrid, merely a stone's throw from the vibrant heart of Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176116515.jpg?k=6a0edd62713f991176fd954ae8a4c4740a4ea834e34fe8059a244e99b10bdf3c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-pogradeci\naddress: "Rruga Deshmoret E Pojskes, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90182894\n  lng: 20.6634821\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 200\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176116515.jpg?k=6a0edd62713f991176fd954ae8a4c4740a4ea834e34fe8059a244e99b10bdf3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33008648.jpg?k=694d465f81e4dca6052fa91c8a1ca7565a0567f189cf7718467e7adb1451d22f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161027288.jpg?k=231474164ad9a89fd237ef3b425b82ecefa47a4b5346219f78a6ac13bb3f008f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/59246893.jpg?k=acb852cccf41b2c282328cc91d7c4690d64e01f9ae21aba3ca912661d75c8199&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180819937.jpg?k=ea2ac1ead4fe941fc23296a5b37c0125323b7f7751e50984692c51942b8e57c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33008597.jpg?k=aa4be355870ed329677c4f69fd315238f6f4c7d6bf29cb065d0a68c9be4cf8b5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Pogradeci 2 m"\n  - "Max Lloto 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 600 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Located at sea front, well run hotel, good bathroom, comfy bed”"\n  - name: "Chantal"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The room was clean and enough space. Good bathroom. We had a room next to the elevator, but no noise of it.
Parking place for the car.
Friendly staff.”"\n  - name: "Glenn"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location right on the promenade opposite the lake, surrounded by good restaurants and coffee shops.
The bed and pillows were great, can't comment on the breakfast as we had an early bus.
The staff are lovely and spoke excellent English.
The hotel...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pogradeci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Pogradeci are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including flat-screen cable TVs, safes, and desks. The attention to detail extends to the en-suite bathrooms, which are outfitted with showers, hairdryers, and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of home-like comfort to the experience.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a menu of international dishes and traditional Albanian cuisine tempts the palate. The on-site bar serves as a cozy nook for guests to unwind with a drink. The hotel's terrace and garden offer additional spaces for relaxation and contemplation, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the area.

For those wishing to bask in the sun, Hotel Pogradeci provides private deck chairs on the beach, available at a surcharge. This feature ensures an exclusive lakeside experience, allowing guests to soak up the sun in comfort and style.

The hotel's prime location offers more than just scenic lake views; the Pogradec City Castle is visible from the hotel rooms, adding a historical dimension to the stay. Guests seeking outdoor activities will find ample opportunities for cycling in the city park and along the lakeside promenade. Moreover, the charming touristic village of Tushemisht is just a 5-minute drive away, offering a glimpse into local life and culture.

For adventurers looking to explore further, the Prespa National Park lies within a 40 km radius, presenting a natural haven for exploration. Convenience is also a priority, with free private parking provided on-site, ensuring a hassle-free experience for those traveling by car.

Hotel Pogradeci emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, culture, and natural beauty in Pogradec.