---\ntitle: "Hotel Denta"\ndescription: "Hotel Denta emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Vlorë, situated merely 300 meters from the serene Radhimë Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473001901.jpg?k=bf66b2c648dc0c04e0a7c5c4c83719d917c8fc17cec6dbebc257a6769e5886cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-denta\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Orikum, 6000 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.35360502\n  lng: 19.48677588\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473001901.jpg?k=bf66b2c648dc0c04e0a7c5c4c83719d917c8fc17cec6dbebc257a6769e5886cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216461389.jpg?k=5ea4d3a7c66aa269651f242fae3cef2dc20ac281a6688a865f3c59ac7d89d46c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265131129.jpg?k=5715f07ccca442d4f8617ca5981ddeedcd84056abef9ab50107c12e97186942c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200106279.jpg?k=baf1255dff13ff51b76426c8a850b520e4acf33dc304e7ed400705ffd71e5e1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99959348.jpg?k=ad58d56e8cea08b5fa27c9954de21a663d66a16c5bed650159323548a2ec7aab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/178779617.jpg?k=fe74bfc8bb3db35f68c4915271e213b6fa5406492c088fa836028998c7b21340&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473000661.jpg?k=86cc819a9c18a39db92a95e1aafd94b5ca200d45df618811ed76a40fddeadf26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264848122.jpg?k=0a0dc707ed81e874fca486521d6676b9292e76f27ed4c520c4079d412a2e4d21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386420972.jpg?k=87fd6d90b54a24ee51df70f437ee9d66ce45aeaa1d17a398ec9858ffaa547c42&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita Labe 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Aulona 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 150 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 550 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Kevi Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 13 km"\n  - "Independence Square 13 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 90 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ristes"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Room was clean, excellent breakfast, beautiful beach!”"\n  - name: "Dadolara"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“the place is noiseless, clean, suitable for rest, own beach, kind hosts”"\n  - name: "Fabiola"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Frühstücken war in Ordnung, hat nichts gefehlt! Die Lage des Hotels war etwas weit von Strand!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/denta.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in the thoughtful design of its accommodations. Each air-conditioned room is a haven of comfort, featuring a desk, pristine bed linen, and a balcony that presents a tranquil garden view. For entertainment and connectivity, the rooms are outfitted with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, alongside complimentary WiFi access, ensuring guests stay connected and entertained. The inclusion of a safety deposit box in every room adds an extra layer of security for guests' valuables.

Beyond the comforts of the rooms, Hotel Denta caters to families and young guests with a dedicated children's playground, making it an ideal choice for travelers of all ages. The hotel's bar and evening entertainment options provide a perfect setting for unwinding after a day of exploring the nearby beaches or the vibrant city of Vlorë.

Strategically located, Hotel Denta is a short stroll from Al Breeze Beach and within easy reach of Baro Beach, offering guests a variety of coastal experiences. For those traveling from afar, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 164 km away, underscores the hotel's appeal to both domestic and international visitors.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and prime location, Hotel Denta stands out as a premier lodging option for those looking to experience the best of Vlorë. Whether it's the allure of the beach, the charm of the city, or simply a peaceful retreat, Hotel Denta accommodates all aspirations with elegance and hospitality.