---\ntitle: "Hotel Chris"\ndescription: "Hotel Chris emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108599839.jpg?k=03e6d8771f26e8ab95b9e3feaca0af057f1429070c046c920f2817df048c57a6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-chris\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76285351\n  lng: 20.00192145\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 118\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108599839.jpg?k=03e6d8771f26e8ab95b9e3feaca0af057f1429070c046c920f2817df048c57a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360553.jpg?k=0430cf8484d3d1a9a5c0ae6f3f18c57b608997ff4239cb5b95240c69d14985da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360501.jpg?k=6b714946683e42e86ca02f93f2fe2ce8308499b42c8c871c8c6ad48be08f6d2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360542.jpg?k=0ea3bdfc367d87290979d0d4164ab7e1e995d98745b6fb8545e94cb9e0b09535&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360536.jpg?k=c180d5cac920831b89fafea44fbbcbd7b6fe0bb0cb4f71d5f265900dd2959482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360547.jpg?k=8e6c64d86533ad06721e3a3dd3bf9a6595a7c69fa3b5ef29b5d8254aa42fc024&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360550.jpg?k=704c681467199c9f2a087d1ccaa6e1d061f6a150574b7fb62289f6674c4ae3e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360548.jpg?k=91d45f796977c4d2c3b53230abcb8cbc79ceb289735fd87f4cd851926c4c5b09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374360552.jpg?k=1a6738ed44036c2862a717f0f77ad62fbf46ca7f723062c76accc395d3ea407c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 100 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 700 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean well refurbished quiet place. Ideal for family stay. Enjoyed every second of our stay.”"\n  - name: "Lubovci"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The food was excellent. The owner, Rei, was very kind and helpful. The chef Sokol was also very friendly. Also, the rooms were very clean and looked after and had air-conditioning, which is a must in the hot weather. The food was, in my opinion,...”"\n  - name: "Eliska"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice, clean, new apartments. Kind guests. Calm place Ksamil👍🏻”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-doda-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Chris are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces complemented by cable flat-screen TVs for a touch of modernity. The private bathrooms, equipped with baths and bathrobes, add an extra layer of privacy and luxury. Selected rooms elevate the experience further with terraces that invite guests to unwind in their own secluded area. Ensuring a seamless stay, all units are well-appointed with bed linen and towels, and guests can stay connected with complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay.

The guest house takes pride in its family-friendly restaurant, a culinary haven that delights guests with its array of Greek cuisine options for lunch and dinner. The inviting atmosphere and flavorful dishes make dining here a memorable part of the stay.

For moments of relaxation, the property boasts a well-maintained garden, offering a tranquil escape where guests can immerse themselves in the serene surroundings. Additionally, the convenience of free private parking and the assurance of full-day security underscore the guest house's commitment to guest satisfaction and peace of mind.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Hotel Chris serves as an ideal base for exploring the local area. Lori Beach and the lively Bora Bora Beach are both less than a kilometer away, promising days filled with sun, sea, and sand. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 92 km away, making Hotel Chris a practical choice for international travelers.

In summary, Hotel Chris presents a compelling option for those in search of a welcoming and well-positioned accommodation in Ksamil, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and culinary delights.