---\ntitle: "Hotel Kaonia"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Kaonia, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort in the heart of Saranda."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476539954.jpg?k=da074188209f11d1a3d8ef974f1634e79289a667bbe74afb4e4d4e893a54f3e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kaonia\naddress: "Street Jonianet 18, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8736028\n  lng: 20.00656486\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 160\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476539954.jpg?k=da074188209f11d1a3d8ef974f1634e79289a667bbe74afb4e4d4e893a54f3e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208299541.jpg?k=22b913bd945ba6d59e2f526ac6662b4c9940b9c5a70b8a503bbc72d897da40c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208297439.jpg?k=dcf794a8c994599b2e69775b1798e71da8470008e7a6885e1a83d3857caa2200&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71684820.jpg?k=6fd411ccabaffbde1a54107dede37666ce7d80b4474a270b467acb65bf260f6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208223163.jpg?k=692ac11fda76d1e5a75340a89b29665018c4963f0ee9c81edfa8d487b5a1cafe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310993922.jpg?k=db3acf97b0af65691e9a11f6f1d5123de7fe8a183184876eca1136bb7e70159e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462721870.jpg?k=4e5e1538690a9e4e914c4439f7d647bd2306fcf0efdf21ad3a9958cb8ec0fc8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462722234.jpg?k=2510b7ce295229e4f6ad96788738cb5e66682eeab85ffe5b2d6c73c52c070db2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479885863.jpg?k=cff682e841c5aacece3ab48612e66badbda4469048978a619a755be4b961644c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mare Nostrum 20 m"\n  - "Kayak 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Omar"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything. Perfect location. Staff were very caring. Very, very clean. Worth every penny. Owner was very accommodating too!”"\n  - name: "Bryan"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“The best location to enjoy the Saranda Public beach zone. Room is clean and you can see the ocean from the balcony. Breakfast is good with various of fruits. Kind staff. Good management!”"\n  - name: "Ira"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“This place is very, very clean. The rooms are comfortable and the view from the balcony is amazing. Right in the centre of the city promenade. A few steps away from the ferry terminal and from the bus stop.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kaonia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon entering any of the air-conditioned rooms, guests are greeted with a harmonious blend of functionality and comfort. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a table and chairs for dining or working, and a private bathroom featuring a refreshing shower. What's more, guests can enjoy serene views from their balconies, choosing between the tranquil sea or the lush hotel garden.

For those looking to savor Mediterranean cuisine, the convenience of having a restaurant just 10 meters away cannot be overstated. Additionally, the proximity of a grocery store within 100 meters ensures that all essentials are within easy reach. For explorers eager to delve into local culture and history, a tourist agency located a mere 50 meters from the hotel offers a gateway to Saranda's rich archaeological heritage, including the nearby Butrinti Park, a must-visit site easily accessible by bus.

Hotel Kaonia also excels in providing seamless connectivity and accessibility. The main bus station is located just 300 meters away, making travel within the city a breeze. For those arriving or departing by sea, the ferry port is conveniently situated 600 meters from the hotel. Even international travelers find comfort in the knowledge that Tirana Airport is within reach, albeit 280 km away, ensuring that Hotel Kaonia is a viable option for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Hotel Kaonia emerges as a top recommendation for those visiting Saranda, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and proximity to both natural beauty and historical sites. Whether you're here to relax by the sea or explore the ancient ruins, Hotel Kaonia provides a welcoming base for all your adventures.