---\ntitle: "Hotel Luxury"\ndescription: "Hotel Luxury, a gem in Ksamil, stands a mere 150 meters from the pristine shores of Paradise Beach and a short 5 km drive from the gates of the UNESCO-listed Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/78089273.jpg?k=0181f54b82a55cdb7f1e852dd88ea8d447f5cd106cb45f43dfc6375d720457f3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-luxury\naddress: "Rruga. Jul Cezari, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76443078\n  lng: 19.99464948\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 570\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/78089273.jpg?k=0181f54b82a55cdb7f1e852dd88ea8d447f5cd106cb45f43dfc6375d720457f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409915647.jpg?k=f64b82c468045a01382220c30fa64c7736d5242938b2a752f0d0911d69f8978a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409909981.jpg?k=59c77056e7a14866fab628cbce03822bc866a827e2e1b716cd61e0fccfe1301e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409914041.jpg?k=8d1f1eb3387f7d5d8135af64884eb924075aad5d7d459fe55c47f59f679aa77b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75619936.jpg?k=93534285b62aefccbc715ed18c033d15f0e3e609b098ae193a40d8a262a49151&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353454570.jpg?k=093fed1b5acd5bb4c1d80fb6da64901d6be36f420826baf03775c3a0ed153df1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75619969.jpg?k=52959b859558ebef4aa03647e906f7a92f264fa05e4d71d385f6251cd09b1bac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409915637.jpg?k=a159005df6f1e7dec89af8df258b7ab09f99cf2a3bdbb35a4c501902f0a0869b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75619955.jpg?k=48aa0ba3bda91c750bb82daef8eb120d93aee381cec7aa5d932e2b00ace0b00e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 20 m"\n  - "MR Crabs 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 150 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 200 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Staff super friendly and room way very clean.
Delicious breakfast food. The balcony allowed us to have a partial view of the beach and it was quite the view.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Comfortable, modern and very clean room. They have a covered garage.”"\n  - name: "João"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The staff is very nice. The rooms are clean and the breakfast is good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Hotel Luxury extends an invitation to relaxation with its own balcony, offering a private nook for guests to unwind. The rooms are equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV boasting both cable and satellite channels, a mini-bar, a safe, and a work desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers. The attention to detail is further evident in the private bathrooms, which are well-appointed with showers, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a seamless stay.

Beyond the confines of its luxurious rooms, Hotel Luxury enhances the guest experience with a suite of services. The availability of room service, a parking garage, and a tour desk add layers of convenience, making explorations of Ksamil and beyond a breeze. Culinary delights await at the on-site restaurant, where a menu of Mediterranean and local specialties is served, promising a gastronomic journey just steps from your room.

For those looking to explore further afield, Corfu International Airport lies approximately 50 km away, accessible via a ferry from the Port of Saranda, located 15 km from the hotel. Hotel Luxury emerges as a choice destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury on their Albanian coast adventure.