---\ntitle: "Hotel Strora"\ndescription: "Hotel Strora stands as a prime beachfront destination, offering guests the convenience of complimentary Wi-Fi and parking."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275009070.jpg?k=a89c38471538f508372e163183f9562bf8a82500edfa3d4a29f65237a091e4f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-strora\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87025355\n  lng: 20.01452105\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275009070.jpg?k=a89c38471538f508372e163183f9562bf8a82500edfa3d4a29f65237a091e4f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275013343.jpg?k=fc2f92fbfe92c8b34b59054d2320a38dc9b958d7c3fc400ba1f834478d633aa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275010380.jpg?k=0f655b5c3653e5ec80f192a14346d918fe38b15187f2821a99e5e42d55f7aa93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275012583.jpg?k=3d04f98ab44ceb46f5b323e9198648a8650268a5045d6092cf45511ab29238fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275010833.jpg?k=c77d54bab5d196a153f3b9a6c0a0ea2fd38b4975ca6ae1f1cfbb6424a63a3860&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274999129.jpg?k=08c89baa56d10f54799f09adb2436da5ee3608df78f1d55d8062c5d299d48ca2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony Side Sea View"\n  - "Suite with Side Sea View"\n  - "Family Suite with Side Sea View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Executive Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet Liberty 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Abi 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 200 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Memet"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was a wonderful place and a very good and clean service.”"\n  - name: "Arlind"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My fianceè and I stayed in this hotel for three nights. We are exeptionally pleased with our experience. Hotel is located near all the best locations in the city, boulevard along the sea side and night clubs as Demi, Escape, City and Orange. The...”"\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“beautiful hotel in a great location, owner and staff were so welcoming and kind. they will do anything to help or make you feel comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/strora.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Hotel Strora is a haven of comfort, boasting a balcony that offers a breath of fresh air and a flat-screen cable TV for entertainment. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a minibar and hairdryer in every room, ensuring guests have everything they need at their fingertips.

The location of Hotel Strora is nothing short of strategic. Situated at the start of the road leading from the bustling center of Sarandë to the UNESCO World Heritage Site of Butrint and its encompassing national park, the hotel serves as an ideal base for explorers. The heart of Sarandë is merely 1 km away, offering easy access to the city's vibrant life, while the historical marvels of Butrint are just 16 km distant, promising a journey through time.

Moreover, the convenience of a public bus stop directly adjacent to the property ensures that guests have the freedom to explore the surrounding area without the hassle of personal transportation.

In essence, Hotel Strora is not just a place to rest; it's a launchpad for adventures into the heart of Albanian culture and history, wrapped in the comfort of modern amenities and the warmth of traditional hospitality.