---\ntitle: "Hotel Restaurant Vila Ime Voskopoje"\ndescription: "Hotel Restaurant Vila Ime Voskopoje emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Voskopojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143941324.jpg?k=62e35c8d8583abe83e7ab3939da9ee74bdfd752ad8dc4ed4e2979ea442588786&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-restaurant-vila-ime-voskopoje\naddress: "Rruga Shen Kolli 200 m nga Kisha e Shen Mehilli, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62703183\n  lng: 20.58680177\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143941324.jpg?k=62e35c8d8583abe83e7ab3939da9ee74bdfd752ad8dc4ed4e2979ea442588786&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143980433.jpg?k=4a81ad28fd54426eb3134acc71e06d3aa976e5ec9938f9f436deebba1d7d770b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143984659.jpg?k=7727ca0ea3ff208d90c994cf53d24e5b536cef80a1403c2729370b04612e78a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143985953.jpg?k=8d27a3a1c062a91e91d3fcdb5cd1a991bf78111d614d263d3734987fcb79ec2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143980757.jpg?k=7126234c57ae33995a05cde8f8085e2d5296480ec81396c616146f00c21d56cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145920994.jpg?k=f479a7e80f59e557d724a00338c68e7988a4720d642a08a0aa42ef10819c48d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Suite with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Panorama 50 m"\n  - "Vila Falo 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 17 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 17 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 17 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albi"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“We are pleased with the staying at this location. Everything was perfect. The communication with the staff, the room was spotless, and the breakfast was very delicious. The view from our room was amazing. We loved our stay there. We hope it last...”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful setting and easy walking distance from the churches and other attractions. Great raki.”"\n  - name: "Patricia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent breakfast with local bio products. Excellent facility, staff and care. Highly recommend it for anyone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests will find the accommodations well-appointed, featuring a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels, a kettle for a warm brew at any time, a refreshing shower, complimentary toiletries, and a functional desk space. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and plush towels in all rooms, ensuring a comfortable and restful night's sleep.

Families will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a children's playground, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages. For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Kastoria National Airport, located 90 km away, adds a layer of convenience to travel arrangements.

Hotel Restaurant Vila Ime Voskopoje stands out not only for its comprehensive amenities but also for its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering room service and currency exchange services to meet the diverse needs of its visitors. This hotel is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the charm and hospitality of Voskopojë.