---\ntitle: "Hotel Tatzati"\ndescription: "Hotel Tatzati stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152237537.jpg?k=2e3ea11f7a78180801b2436ea9ff1bc15fb3cc725d9a24e6f4d4dd45cc4a3a39&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-tatzati\naddress: "Lefter Talo street, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87570862\n  lng: 20.00543831\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 234\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152237537.jpg?k=2e3ea11f7a78180801b2436ea9ff1bc15fb3cc725d9a24e6f4d4dd45cc4a3a39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479548526.jpg?k=b38dff202135c9adf5692b7358c29326bb189ce87508d1ad37ac706e127d042b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155103579.jpg?k=d9f9177d2ff4c4b23c08e0428936f8b22a960d222be127118e54cfe6bbd15ff0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262260229.jpg?k=e3d6f90e56dfe9cdffca23f3753fec7c730a26543cba4eb87bae1cff0df506e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262260622.jpg?k=bc25dddfdf08ab7b9a87be56376ebd81397a579180edabf9450cba1e4308cb85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262260396.jpg?k=a315aee90569ba891e79dbefd85796fa722c4952632b2106612d3f232159a7ea&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oda e Babës 50 m"\n  - "Nona Qebaptore 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louise"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great location. Pet friendly hotel accommodation in Sarande. Most importantly car parking available behind the hotel. The hotel room was clean and tidy and once we turned the heating on the room was very comfortable. The hotel itself was not...”"\n  - name: "Astridng"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Very close to the buses. Close to the central beaches as well.”"\n  - name: "Štěpánka"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very good location near bus stations, sea, ferry
Rooms were clean, good wifi connection, balcony with hangers
Delicious breakfast
I can only recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tatzati.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Tatzati are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each air-conditioned room boasts a private balcony, perfect for enjoying the serene surroundings. The rooms are well-appointed with satellite TV, a safe for valuables, and a desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers. The en-suite bathrooms are equipped with showers, hairdryers, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay.

Beyond the rooms, Hotel Tatzati invites guests to unwind in its tranquil garden area or socialize in the shared lounge, providing spaces that cater to every mood. The on-site restaurant and bar serve as the cherry on top, offering delicious dining options without having to leave the comfort of the hotel.

For those looking to explore, the hotel's location is unbeatable. A variety of shops, cafes, and local attractions are just a short walk away, promising an authentic Sarandë experience. Adventure seekers will be pleased to find Butrint National Park only 30 km away, while the charming town of Ksamil is a mere 16 km from the hotel, making day trips a breeze. Additionally, Corfu Airport is conveniently located 33 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Hotel Tatzati not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the rich culture and natural beauty of Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the local scene.