---\ntitle: "Hotel Green"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Green, a serene oasis located just a short drive from the bustling heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39456537.jpg?k=f32da75459a8ca748e756720e572226fc5a928ea590dfde0b9e7642cd6c5fb1e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-green\naddress: "Rruga Kavajes. Kombinat Km 2. Vaqarr, 1041 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30412663\n  lng: 19.74702895\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 160\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39456537.jpg?k=f32da75459a8ca748e756720e572226fc5a928ea590dfde0b9e7642cd6c5fb1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39422319.jpg?k=db35b026f00a9a414e1fd7bc5731b7f413309904e4513533416237b6b9b55ef6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39466900.jpg?k=7acfaa5d21e2a9478f6142d1e97a188a0830a8195778fff44b97fd9809ef8531&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481497389.jpg?k=95c850d533da2f378a4268ad8390f776b9e243db5d1b9a4b491f6f692c591e76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39460646.jpg?k=6d79c445e7992532889eb51b69c93e1d2ec0b1e780f2533ab2c9da06d9f5d83b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481496177.jpg?k=9f05614375702b88a6becdad5f6fdd3950f6f28511380591ea3e878fbeea5292&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bunkermar & Grill Bio 500 m"\n  - "Maksi 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 4.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 4.2 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 4.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was good size, very clean. Bed was very big and super comfy.
Hosts were very friendly and helpful, great coffee in the morning before we left”"\n  - name: "Macie"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The staff are excellent, always trying their best to help you with whatever you need. Would recommend. Food was good and cheap”"\n  - name: "Egor"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Comfortable room with air conditioning, refrigerator, bathroom. Polite staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hotel-green.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nHotel Green welcomes guests into a peaceful garden setting, complete with an inviting on-site bar and restaurant. Here, visitors can savor a blend of traditional and international cuisine, promising a delightful culinary experience.

Each guest room at Hotel Green is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities, including air conditioning, complimentary Wi-Fi, satellite TV, and a private bathroom with a shower. The convenience of free on-site parking is an added bonus for those arriving by car.

Mornings at Hotel Green start with a delicious breakfast served in the hotel restaurant, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The 24-hour front desk and available room service ensure that guests' needs are met at any hour.

Located just 7.4 km from the center of Tirana, Hotel Green is a gateway to the city's most sought-after destinations. The fashionable Blloku Area, renowned for its shopping, dining, and nightlife, is merely 3 km away, offering an array of boutiques, trendy bars, and cafes.

For those looking to venture further, the Main Bus Station and Train Station are conveniently located within 2 km and 2.3 km, respectively, while Tirana Airport is a mere 18 km from the hotel.

Hotel Green stands out as a welcoming haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local flavor.