---\ntitle: "Hotel Hermes Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Hermes Tirana emerges as a contemporary haven in the heart of Tirana's vibrant Blloku area, merely a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82414204.jpg?k=6cc567a22b4869c47b1974ddb057815805196382a393e56c88d7421468e8598a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-hermes-tirana\naddress: "Rr. Vaso Pasha, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32168278\n  lng: 19.81610455\nprice: "US$77"\npriceFrom: 77\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 334\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82414204.jpg?k=6cc567a22b4869c47b1974ddb057815805196382a393e56c88d7421468e8598a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82538015.jpg?k=6740a357d7be613d558073481982cfd9d7fb0e8fbfd2400c8f337cc55524faec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82538017.jpg?k=4a12e708e046bf14143826ee7b81d31513fa48fbce3da80e63d2dbfaa56dd3ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80191090.jpg?k=7887af2f5c4bc9ccdb120beecbc9eb5711cb6bb9fb7f8c0f6a0760cf5110a713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80196040.jpg?k=a325bc99aa476aab1200d99993f7be569236c58b7d556b1397ba612e4a75ed07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/80191170.jpg?k=9f54b3b1e022d3d023edf3259bd8a77a31154e38486032d0f186c20b31657c7e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Deliziosa 10 m"\n  - "Divina 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cihanser"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“So close to the city center, cafes, restaurants etc. Clean and comfortable. Easy check in and check out.”"\n  - name: "Zoe"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great location and friendly/helpful staff, comfortable beds Security staff man the hotel at nighttime which made us feel safe and secure”"\n  - name: "András"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The staff, and the location. Overall it was a fantastic hotel. Some stuff is definitely lacking, while other stuff is just brilliant (it's very similar to the whole city in this regard :D)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hermes.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guestroom at Hotel Hermes Tirana is a testament to modern elegance, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV, and a safe for personal belongings. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where guests are treated to slippers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Beyond the comforts of the rooms, the hotel offers an array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. A 24-hour front desk ensures assistance is always available, while additional services such as a hairdresser and a gift shop add an extra layer of convenience. For those looking to explore Tirana on two wheels, bike hire is available directly from the hotel.

Located just 850 meters from Skenderberg Square and a mere 200 meters from the Sky Tower, Hotel Hermes Tirana serves as an ideal base for exploring the city. With Tirana Airport only 17 km away, the hotel is both accessible and perfectly positioned for both leisure and business travelers seeking a stylish and comfortable retreat in the Albanian capital.