---\ntitle: "Hotel Vino"\ndescription: "Hotel Vino stands out as a distinguished retreat just 200 meters from the pristine shores of Durres Beach, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526750.jpg?k=507d915ba827456b198ffe7a240ead6d95ea7db8e29e3e570306a7678742689b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vino\naddress: "Rruga Iliria, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30049837\n  lng: 19.49888089\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 92\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526750.jpg?k=507d915ba827456b198ffe7a240ead6d95ea7db8e29e3e570306a7678742689b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526856.jpg?k=0cec14e8ef5411ef93df286f14b1cba5e5723cc84e7b007aa1ad66e26bcb387f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526592.jpg?k=8a62e370d322228e6a267980feea7eb805073281fabdeeef29867d38483ceed1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526886.jpg?k=64eaac346d2ef2cbb227da08d896f930a1047d629b704bb2bfdee70d59b9b677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526859.jpg?k=84d2e165d3c8124871ca8e624690775e6b94a036771e8d230db7ac67fc5f312f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465526818.jpg?k=eccbf6b58e48b830ca2b488af54f0a1e8105ff34220b68b3b689599aa6c63720&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 100 m"\n  - "Brendon 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Family room consists of two rooms and balcony, fresh new. Breakfast was fantastic.”"\n  - name: "Admir"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“An excellent hotel with professional staff always ready to help. The breakfast was fantastic, the rooms very clean and the location of the hotel very good. In the vicinity of the hotel there was everything that a tourist needs.”"\n  - name: "Javier"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Every thing you need air con in bedroom seating area as well as another unit in the bedroom”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vino-durres2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Vino is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. Select accommodations offer the added charm of garden views, with the bonus of a balcony for guests to enjoy the fresh air and tranquility. The presence of a flat-screen TV and complimentary toiletries in every room further underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort and satisfaction.

The multilingual staff at Hotel Vino, proficient in German, English, and Italian, are available around the clock at the reception, ready to assist with any requests or inquiries, ensuring that every guest's stay is as seamless and enjoyable as possible.

For those seeking to explore beyond the hotel's private beach area, Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach is a mere 2.4 km away, offering another picturesque locale for beach enthusiasts. Meanwhile, the historic Skanderbeg Square is located 39 km from the hotel, presenting an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the rich cultural heritage of the area. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 34 km away, making Hotel Vino an ideal choice for travelers seeking both tranquility and accessibility in Durrës.