---\ntitle: "Hotel Bebej Tradicional"\ndescription: "Hotel Bebej Tradicional emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298350376.jpg?k=7c449a61a8c9317b4fc04a6e8068ee9150ba4c49f6a549dbd1035c60e5f85ba9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bebej-tradicional\naddress: "Rruga Isuf Omari, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.06882704\n  lng: 20.14092333\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1081\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298350376.jpg?k=7c449a61a8c9317b4fc04a6e8068ee9150ba4c49f6a549dbd1035c60e5f85ba9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503708940.jpg?k=aa9a56232a0f970e6972f34cb98da69783b5dba9b5522ea8a51ca35a705ab516&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481175103.jpg?k=5f372157da6806c115b1ee57da1a2ad9521553f4ee6272ae509da756035f0892&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437659449.jpg?k=aff982ba30cd17fbb99866fdf842c02921486861da412ce7e5e35df43abcfa88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437659083.jpg?k=c0c3dc1be16d7ad293f8ed9e00a52f2c36a814cc09d5c654a41fe17772da3bd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437658985.jpg?k=294c11f54ad5b23cc24c431c2ee2cc4b3c100e6e5c5464dafb540d30cd8b3018&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Studio"\n  - "Triple Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Home Made (All For 1.5 ) 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Tradicionale Kardhashi 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 54 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mika"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Beautiful and super comfortable room with a homy feel. Friendly welcome and delicious breakfast. Price/quality ratio was outstanding. Would come back anytime!”"\n  - name: "Aurica"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“This is a traditional property run by a lovely family. Everybody there is super welcoming and helping out whenever needed. I stayed there as a solo traveler and was handed an extra little phone at the beginning of my stay. I was able to reach the...”"\n  - name: "Tobi"\n    country: "Nigeria"\n    text: "“Room was clean and breakfast was yum. The host, Maradona is a star. He is affable and aim to please. He was super kind and provided transfer from terminal to hotel, New Bazaar and other areas. He also offered useful recommendations on places to see.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bebej-tradicional.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests can expect round-the-clock service with a 24-hour front desk ready to address any needs, alongside luggage storage facilities and the essential connectivity of free WiFi throughout the hotel. The accommodation options cater to a variety of preferences, featuring private bathrooms as standard. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting balconies for a breath of fresh air or city views that capture the essence of Gjirokastër's vibrant life.

For those venturing from afar, the convenience of Ioannina Airport being just 82 km away simplifies travel plans. Hotel Bebej Tradicional stands out as a compelling choice for families and solo travelers alike, offering a comfortable base from which to explore the historical and natural wonders of the region.