---\ntitle: "Hotel Shkodra L"\ndescription: "Hotel Shkodra L emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Shkodër, boasting a meticulously landscaped garden and a sun-drenched terrace."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429070842.jpg?k=e921b383cc4f3d755608ff67385a00e6f869447a8c9e11301df246d7c2846999&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-shkodra-l\naddress: "Rruga Kardinal Mikel Koliqi, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.07084608\n  lng: 19.51888826\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 819\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429070842.jpg?k=e921b383cc4f3d755608ff67385a00e6f869447a8c9e11301df246d7c2846999&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439793087.jpg?k=ef17689ccea8863c25e0d0fc1990a01ac682778a61d7ea12434bb0867d6eefa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102311918.jpg?k=c61431472eb0961a7ffa92779d02dcb695e31bdbc36092ee9005b417610892f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102312091.jpg?k=b5e0610275c88ef02f484abac5b918cdc4d96dc62dda0f1b93fbab1a44563e0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429091525.jpg?k=90052d2eeaa41116b91327ef8940606dcd837263a016b1ff96a365cb259d2703&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102449202.jpg?k=20a4e2941d2f6acada3c4bd92311a0370740b38a9d77689f1fd3cd3b856c0e73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PRAGA Bar 20 m"\n  - "A&E Mengjezore Gril Bar Kafe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.4 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hoxholli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was amazing. Clean, comfortable, cozy and warm. The facilities worked wonderfully and the breakfast was great. The hosts were really friendly too.”"\n  - name: "Ashley"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Well situated, so nice being able to walk everywhere and if needed drive. Safe, easy parking is a great plus. Gin is a sweetie. Comfortable beds, great breakfast. A day trip to Theth is well worthwhile if you can.”"\n  - name: "Aigars"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Huge room with kitchen facilities, central location and free car parking! A good continental breakfast was included in the price. There is a big sign to the hotel installed from the street, easy to find.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shkodra-l.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Shkodra L is a testament to comfort and style, featuring balconies that present an enchanting cityscape. The accommodations are well-appointed with modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a mini-fridge, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The inclusion of a private bathroom, equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, adds a touch of luxury to the guest experience. Select rooms elevate the comfort with additional seating areas, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

The hotel's staff stands ready to assist guests with expert advice and recommendations, ensuring an enriching stay in Shkodër. For those looking to explore beyond the city, Hotel Shkodra L is conveniently located 58 km from Podgorica Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to facilitate seamless travel arrangements.

Hotel Shkodra L represents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and attentive service in the vibrant city of Shkodër.