---\ntitle: "Hotel Kaloshi"\ndescription: "Hotel Kaloshi stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Tirana, located just over 5 kilometers from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362679767.jpg?k=a939023c62e9c5495ae77626e1df506b3a910a05d736d7a6442b35c2e6c4b89e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kaloshi\naddress: "63 Rruga Kastriotet, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34830619\n  lng: 19.77304865\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 237\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362679767.jpg?k=a939023c62e9c5495ae77626e1df506b3a910a05d736d7a6442b35c2e6c4b89e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479230744.jpg?k=b50bdcc21620398c92c69ca8b1d28840f937acd75858d2bce29a09f38a7445c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366867454.jpg?k=515e118b7b66a9ebf2daf6407707c4aaf7705ac926ec198a3ebd87f042e5e70c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479233295.jpg?k=a507b60f6cd162162647a703878429cd7eade3f8dbaa920fe256ac4bd91a1cb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362679764.jpg?k=8fed3e683b3eb551aa01ab462348d5c54b5098e78c624d1776df56f7669b3aca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479234948.jpg?k=1554e7b4a8b6b555db949d7cb9c769828dd50483a76b19cc6cde4034f819cdf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479233904.jpg?k=f7a0ac7ff9e000d442ae0989193123dbcf38185fc9d6aa2dc6a1a0c5db95ed48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496202553.jpg?k=879978c4eef93cb4f1873503fd38a9f22f5bcbfb0c9def0ecd80ecfa2cc809e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479230469.jpg?k=9a97f2a2ca1db4e72af32e7560887f48a14dabd61f71e40f7ae6603b2cd6dcf8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Studio"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Avala 30 m"\n  - "Edisem 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 2 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 7 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandru"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The place is nice and clean. It was very cheap. It is located just across the street from a supermarket, a bakery, an exchange office, and very close to the bus stop.”"\n  - name: "Jack"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Located right by Tirana North-South Bus Sation. Staff are friendly and easy to talk to. Some decent food options around. Costs less than 1 euro to bus into Skanderbeg Square. 15 euro transfer to the airport. Enjoyed my time here I extended a...”"\n  - name: "Victoria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really impressed with the quality and cleanliness of the room. Good AC and shower, and nice to have a balcony. Great value for the price. The staff at reception were friendly and helpful. We found it an ideal location for driving to the airport...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kaloshi-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Kaloshi is designed with guest comfort in mind, boasting balconies that offer sweeping views of the city's skyline. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, and private bathrooms equipped with showers and hairdryers. For those seeking a little extra space, select rooms feature cozy seating areas, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, ensuring refreshments are always at hand.

Situated a mere 9.1 kilometers from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the hotel offers easy access to one of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. Additionally, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just a short drive away, providing a unique glimpse into the country's past. For those willing to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at 39 kilometers, offering a remarkable natural escape.

With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 10 kilometers away, Hotel Kaloshi serves as an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana and its surroundings. The round-the-clock front desk and room service ensure that guests' needs are promptly met, making every stay a memorable one.