---\ntitle: "Hotel Nais Beach"\ndescription: "Hotel Nais Beach emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the pebbly shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68218670.jpg?k=8e9e95b96256547e326320638cf48c84d48ab12952d488063605253cf3dc90a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-nais-beach\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, Currila, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31218044\n  lng: 19.43464583\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 662\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68218670.jpg?k=8e9e95b96256547e326320638cf48c84d48ab12952d488063605253cf3dc90a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253432341.jpg?k=8dcbd6b1d03656edfcfe7b6ea7d2432385b1c1926cdb2bfe322155e2ad17ab00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253431201.jpg?k=e9d82e835e4ec8fef88347b866d55161e90c9f86e8de2615173eae170b561959&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263044575.jpg?k=850940a728c57ad93bebd1705a0f658b493037a633f53f6fa35616d2da42483f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253431185.jpg?k=024a3af8a61c26a2a12ca06959ff63d03f5e52a627646b1419414d685c78d8d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/252667609.jpg?k=b209b60373432e0398d725ce8ee203cf6f36d0c53eba7bddefebead7774c263b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "& Pizzeri Me Gusta 3 m"\n  - "Uma Food & Drinks 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 700 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 700 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 850 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I loved this accommodation. They were so easy and flexible to book with. A previous booking I'd made had cancelled on me at the last minute, and the Hotel Nais Beach was able to book me in for two nights on the same day. I arrived late at 1am...”"\n  - name: "Ugo"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Parking in front of the hotel
Friendly staff
Big room
Great view (sea at 100 meters)
Center ad 2 minutes walking”"\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“One of the girls at the reception (unfortunately I forgot her name) was so kind to look for and found my Sim card on the floor after my check out. I realized I lost it when I was already in the taxi... I am soooo great ful for this! Thank you!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nais-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room is thoughtfully designed with a furnished balcony or terrace, ensuring a private outdoor space for every guest. The interiors boast modern amenities, including an LCD satellite TV and a minibar, with select rooms offering breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate the stay.

For essentials or a quick drink, guests need not venture far as a grocery store and a bar are located just 10 meters from the hotel's doorstep. Those interested in exploring the historical aspects of Durrës will find the ancient Durrës Amphitheatre within a short 600-meter stroll.

Hotel Nais Beach also facilitates exploration beyond its premises by offering car rental services, making it effortless for guests to navigate the area. The property is conveniently positioned 2 km from the main Bus and Train Stations, with Tirana Airport 33 km away, and the vibrant center of Tirana 40 km distant, making it an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors.