---\ntitle: "Hotel New Crystal"\ndescription: "Hotel New Crystal emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, positioned merely a stone's throw away from the beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376040548.jpg?k=274fb1f29b609b195aa27041e386950997ad60b98fe434a6b7cfde348cd911b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-new-crystal\naddress: "Lagjia 1, Sheshi Ugolini, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77532015\n  lng: 20.00618298\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 220\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376040548.jpg?k=274fb1f29b609b195aa27041e386950997ad60b98fe434a6b7cfde348cd911b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71962306.jpg?k=bc50ffd0e2dc45f76b07681b71735528a0100813f4c3fac7ca761f7fba6a3492&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71962317.jpg?k=5b9cfd062bd1d4a9d23f593c986fe5f290254fa979a19c7f94dff55872b38b22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376040544.jpg?k=ef5fe8de97febc39dfc79fbc3752d17068a77c0475c0a8469d307817f4ce1a73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71962378.jpg?k=6fab23ef6ac5b4e232116ea7beec8365164f02ac7b1db162514638a824eb3569&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71962387.jpg?k=6e7f8c55f4a039cee0faa37cfe07a9a9d54c9490ec8664560ba4f3a48ecb3e75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376040529.jpg?k=8682cc0a9ddd4c71c957d88bdb4e2919683d08fe33bfdfd5894536acf74bdaf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71962385.jpg?k=b86f068c8d38cc44a0809d81f02cc6ea8213225bc6ab0717411c2ea68e36e622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376040524.jpg?k=d3a965d317b76e5af7dfffb825e7e0f44d55592d67263d7bb4880cfa44bd494c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "LArte della Pizza 100 m"\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 950 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Miguel"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Very friednly owner, Elizabeth was great, we arrived late and she gave us a ride to the hotel. Big room, great breakfast on the beach and nice beach beds offered with the hotel. Fantastic value for money, will definitely stay again when we return...”"\n  - name: "Karina"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Elizabeth and all the staff are really friendly, the room is very spacious and the balcony was huge, close to everything. We loved the breakfast area with sea view and the hotel sun beds, highly recommended the place”"\n  - name: "Lori"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“I liked the whole place, clean and lovely place, the owners were super friendly and supportive. Anything we needed they provided us with it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-crystal.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel New Crystal are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is air-conditioned and boasts a private balcony, offering a personal oasis of relaxation. The presence of standard amenities such as cable TV, a fridge, and a table adds to the convenience, while select units also feature kitchenettes with a stove, catering to those who prefer to prepare their own meals.

Dining at the hotel is an experience in itself, with the beach restaurant situated 700 meters from the main building. Here, guests can start their day with a breakfast while gazing out at the sea from the terrace. For a more casual setting, the property's beach bar serves up refreshing drinks, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Located approximately 3 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 50 km from Corfu International Airport, accessible via ferry from the nearby port of Sarandë, Hotel New Crystal offers an ideal base for both relaxation and adventure. This hotel stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to experience the beauty and charm of the area, making it a must-visit destination on any traveler's list.