---\ntitle: "Hotel Leodori 1"\ndescription: "Hotel Leodori 1 stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Shëngjin, offering guests an unparalleled beachfront experience mere steps from the inviting sands of Shëngjin Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480116487.jpg?k=2be080aec0254c53c83a55baf572efc3d0ef5c8bcddb9c44887e7520b5be3e41&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-leodori-1\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80440151\n  lng: 19.60041403\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480116487.jpg?k=2be080aec0254c53c83a55baf572efc3d0ef5c8bcddb9c44887e7520b5be3e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452780045.jpg?k=5238da0b854dd2b95d805ea19b93e87bfd816da54b59c5238ed229f5d2a5a7ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463878801.jpg?k=7afde8a3da40207d85ef2fde91ca5dddad908accdea2a39e01b3b870e29fbd9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463882308.jpg?k=a9db609c3ef38e2fa5d14870d025349dd09df236bbaf2270dff6563756c6596e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453210343.jpg?k=76064fecd1463c959d894f2caed61a64e9fac8bbcc640ff70cf59a145a54459f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452796076.jpg?k=bc8443b1ce8e68fe67c286d679953981dd001efb8260b62847c812f70c1f482d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\n  - "Family Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ara Shengjin 50 m"\n  - "Coral 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 500 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 67 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Almin"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The location is perfect. The hotel has its own safe parking lot and the host Julia helped us perfect with everything. I recommend this to everyone !”"\n  - name: "Marsel"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Was everything top standards clean and very organized”"\n  - name: "Rastislav"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“All perfect, I do recommend hotel Leodor. Room nice, new, clean. Staff very friendly. 👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/leodor1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Leodori 1 cater to a variety of needs and preferences. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with a private bathroom, featuring a shower and hair dryer for guest convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchenette, perfect for those who enjoy the flexibility of preparing their own meals. Regardless of their choice, guests can expect the comfort of air conditioning and the entertainment options provided by a flat-screen TV in every room.

Dining at the hotel is a delight, with a family-friendly restaurant that welcomes guests for dinner, lunch, and brunch. The menu, rich in Mediterranean flavors, promises a culinary journey that complements the seaside ambiance.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's comforts, Ylberi Beach is a short 500-meter stroll away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and sunbathing. Further afield, the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra awaits at a distance of 42 km, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 49 km from the hotel, making arrivals and departures as smooth as the gentle sea breeze.

Hotel Leodori 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of Mediterranean charm on their visit to Shëngjin.