---\ntitle: "Hotel Liro - Adults Only"\ndescription: "Hotel Liro, an adults-only oasis in Vlorë, stands out for its exclusive private beach area, complete with complimentary sun loungers and parasols, ensuring a serene and undisturbed seaside experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995509.jpg?k=87b94b91b0ceca1b3373984337978725f59ec70781dd54335ae49c1f94d10cb0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-liro-adults-only\naddress: "Aleksandër Moisiu Street, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41481734\n  lng: 19.4812067\nprice: "US$80"\npriceFrom: 80\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 738\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995509.jpg?k=87b94b91b0ceca1b3373984337978725f59ec70781dd54335ae49c1f94d10cb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72787764.jpg?k=e956cb517aca77b8d17fd51d33118c4d142cbc13dbf75dd31439fc0464160730&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995573.jpg?k=ea26e6173eea43d9f072b9bbff8d390eb49cff25dad8fd27993496e6801bd18c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995518.jpg?k=2db992e93cda20eb611af0c65c6d59f388efc2150e468dfbfae8e8e3fbb3b665&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995661.jpg?k=d3755c0ed1215710923e75d5050056023d41ecd92820d69af21aa384123992dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506995624.jpg?k=9dc90a517b7734c35a03645318f7e4c725303243afedac83f41037f6b92bd04f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Twin Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Comfort Quadruple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 20 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 450 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olavi"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“A superb location on the cliff. Beautiful and unique sea view from the balcony and specially from the restaurant. Really unique place with friendly atmosphere and service. Rooms newly renovated and in good condition.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The hotel room is built into the side of the cliff overlooking the sea couldn’t get much better.”"\n  - name: "Vilma"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“View from the room or hotel is amazing. Location a bit far from Vlore city center, but you would not want to leave this hotel. Breakfast could be better.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/liro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Liro are designed with comfort and elegance in mind. Each air-conditioned room boasts a furnished balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea, creating the perfect backdrop for relaxation. Modern amenities, including satellite TV, a minibar, and a safe, are standard in every room, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, adding to the comfort of the stay.

For those seeking adventure, Hotel Liro does not disappoint. Guests have the opportunity to engage in a variety of activities, including windsurfing, promising an exhilarating experience right at the hotel's doorstep.

Explorers will appreciate the hotel's proximity to local attractions. The vibrant center of Vlorë and the breathtaking Kuzum Baba viewpoint are within a 6-km radius, offering a glimpse into the area's rich culture and stunning landscapes. The Archaeological Park of Oricum, located 10 km away, and the Llogara National Park, 25 km from the hotel, are must-visit destinations for history buffs and nature enthusiasts alike.

Convenience is key at Hotel Liro, with a local bus stop directly in front of the hotel, making exploration easy. For those traveling from afar, Tirana Airport is 150 km away, and the hotel offers complimentary parking, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Hotel Liro - Adults Only is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable experience, combining the tranquility of a beachfront retreat with the adventure of local exploration, all wrapped up in luxurious comfort.