---\ntitle: "Hotel Kaceli"\ndescription: "Hotel Kaceli stands out as a distinguished 4-star establishment in Berat, offering a harmonious blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376593548.jpg?k=9a1be1d2600a7192bb149eea9cfc77765648411ad08f1834ec18c2b0781f84b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kaceli\naddress: "Rruga Antipatrea, Perballe ish kombinatit Tekstil, 5002 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.72459748\n  lng: 19.94291604\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 104\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376593548.jpg?k=9a1be1d2600a7192bb149eea9cfc77765648411ad08f1834ec18c2b0781f84b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376298261.jpg?k=1e56128fba7f4ba1a3954cd446d68c13c9222fb0826b82c458e1f7a0e78e723d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376298238.jpg?k=0c6a38736a8a7ecd2a0b7530952f50ccb0b8f2477eda9e5f430c4fd605c5abe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376296587.jpg?k=e8cb4e0112fc6ed1153874d475682e58d769d31bd0e42bbeb13f8dd27ffb8be1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376325071.jpg?k=c406a7dce728d36887ce4e26c4b4c6c64496ba72d0dce2b7db46162374cc6d91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376296568.jpg?k=1bceceb6b0b423ae462efa17ba8192682c6fe8745a10068725b7c8c807ce4f44&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Portokallet 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food Polovina 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 77 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elsie"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very nice place. People where very kind. Good, local food. I really should recommended it 🤗👍”"\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The owner was very friendly- you could tell he really loved his hotel and had great pride in it. The rooms have beautiful wooden details and the whole hotel feels very unique and charming. The wifi worked well, the breakfast was yummy, and the...”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“A comfortable hotel. The room was perfect and comfortable and we were fresh because it was hot in Berat in August. The hotel has many places to park. And the breakfast was spectacular with handmade food.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kaceli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Kaceli are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with modern amenities such as flat-screen TVs and refrigerators. Select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, providing a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy. The thoughtful inclusion of a seating area and desk in every room ensures a comfortable and productive stay, whether for business or leisure.

Guests at Hotel Kaceli are treated to a sumptuous buffet and continental breakfast each morning, starting the day on a high note with a range of tasty options. The hotel's commitment to convenience extends to its services, including room service, a 24-hour front desk, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property. For those with vehicles, the availability of free private parking removes any parking woes.

Exploring the surrounding area is made effortless with the hotel's shuttle service, inviting guests to discover the local sights and sounds. Situated 115 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Kaceli is a choice destination for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, service, and accessibility in the heart of Berat.