---\ntitle: "Hotel Alpin Llogara"\ndescription: "Hotel Alpin Llogara emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in the heart of Llogara, situated 41 km from the historic Kuzum Baba."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308111416.jpg?k=0d634e37ed2d4c7d5c6e2dbf115a03c62a97b063a9be7a5343a26b2d66fe8008&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alpin-llogara\naddress: "Vlore Orikum Llogara, 9426 Llogara, Albania"\ncity: "Llogara"\nlocation: "Llogara"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.21410889\n  lng: 19.57955597\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 165\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308111416.jpg?k=0d634e37ed2d4c7d5c6e2dbf115a03c62a97b063a9be7a5343a26b2d66fe8008&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295797242.jpg?k=a86439d4ba962f50d64a9d39008834fc6910d0783e11593baa0051edec4f27aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298578229.jpg?k=29c57979eec329493806cd91a36ce0625f515a1a53bd80f58dd27ffd6555a26c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298578362.jpg?k=feda6cdbff069f0bc2249e1a23627bfb19dba66b03e8f4a70e7347089709c0ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295796906.jpg?k=4f28b9735069b1e85124d07bd4dda4516db06ca9ec532360e4fec7c04a09abf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297862083.jpg?k=47582d3ed0532eda80392c0570af1bd8ba4d2d1f434924bedd22a66cc34e9a43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Single Room"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bego 100 m"\n  - "Steak House 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nazar Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Palasa Beach 6 km"\n  - "Grama Bay Beach 9 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 0 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Egla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Mengjesi ishte plotesisht I kenaqshem dhe I mire . Lokacioni ishte perfekte. 😇
Kaluam nje qendrim shume te bukure dhe relaksuses ne natyren e bukur te Llogaras😇🥰”"\n  - name: "Pamela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were lovely and very helpful. It’s well placed to walk into the park. We ate in the restaurant and the food and wine were good.”"\n  - name: "Susanne"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice and friendly owners, great food, perfect place to start a hiking tour.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alpin-llogara.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nCulinary experiences at Hotel Alpin Llogara are elevated by its on-site restaurant, complemented by a bar that serves a selection of refreshing beverages, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The hotel prides itself on exceptional guest services, offering a concierge, a tour desk ready to assist with local excursions, and currency exchange facilities for international travelers.

For those with a penchant for outdoor activities, the hotel's location offers an ideal starting point for cycling adventures, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty surrounding Llogara. Independence Square, another notable landmark, is also 41 km away, making the hotel a strategic base for those looking to delve into the area's rich cultural heritage.

Accessibility is thoughtfully addressed, with Corfu International Airport located 188 km away. Hotel Alpin Llogara facilitates travel arrangements with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free connection to and from the property. This hotel stands out as a premier destination for guests who value the harmony of nature, the convenience of modern amenities, and the thrill of exploration.