---\ntitle: "Hotel Martini"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Vlorë with a stay at Hotel Martini, a gem that stands just a short 3-minute stroll from the city's vibrant main square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/15360004.jpg?k=c54196b614e42d049aaea3c646bc56d94fdcc26ad0f8083c6c382c06ceb5caeb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-martini\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 1001 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45780322\n  lng: 19.48549479\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 337\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 7.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/15360004.jpg?k=c54196b614e42d049aaea3c646bc56d94fdcc26ad0f8083c6c382c06ceb5caeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510351109.jpg?k=6e380f8c9696808b64ba5e40fa34ba0ba395da7751201d4299a0cdd43399bf63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510354745.jpg?k=1e46219f8bed546bedaf7fc1e594a541d2124dd848bd33d7508618ab6e807477&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510354548.jpg?k=26cdc47083d76c11328ce0de9b5c82c2dce1196b6649488acc7cf0e5c731f79d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510356412.jpg?k=4d6513ab0631e7b48b04f3edcade1f4a8c02c86f3be5b96eb509b4c2b921f6fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/15361216.jpg?k=0c3c48bdd6c2ee80acd0fc35b7a80bcd1e8c07c45b8a20ba23eeb20a456cc71f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "BSB 30 m"\n  - "Sofra e Lakrorit Ne Vlore 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 700 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Леся"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The hotel is located near the beach. The owner was very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was delicious”"\n  - name: "Irishaminsk"\n    country: "Belarus"\n    text: "“It is right in the center,and this is the most important thing,in a very good location.The man speaks italian.The breakfast was very good.The parking from the hotel is very small,just for a couple of cars and it is on the road just in front of the...”"\n  - name: "Vanni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great venue, great staff and very good breakfast. Room is functional.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/martini.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Martini is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, satellite TV, and a private bathroom featuring a shower. Select rooms elevate the experience further with furnished balconies that offer captivating views of the town, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Hotel Martini excels in service, offering round-the-clock front desk assistance, a diverse buffet breakfast, and a suite of services including laundry, ironing, and dry cleaning. For those needing to navigate financial transactions, a currency exchange service is readily available.

Explorers will appreciate the hotel's proximity to a sandy beach just 2 km away, with a supermarket conveniently located just steps from the hotel. Fitness enthusiasts can keep up with their regimen at a nearby gym, while a tourist agency within a short walk offers opportunities for local adventures. The Orikum Archeological site, 18 km away, beckons for a day trip.

Transportation is a breeze, with the nearest bus station only 500 metres away and a minibus service to the beaches 1 km from the hotel. Additionally, the Ferry Port is easily accessible, located just 500 metres from Hotel Martini, making it an ideal choice for both local exploration and further travel.

In summary, Hotel Martini emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and the opportunity to immerse in the local culture of Vlorë.