---\ntitle: "Hotel Sabi"\ndescription: "Hotel Sabi emerges as a serene oasis in Maminas, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an escape or an adventure in the heart of Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516362067.jpg?k=33e781523400843644ad58bae8ec45fa1cd2b676b822f4ab848b11e465bf4276&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-sabi\naddress: "Rruga Lalëzit, 2011 Maminas, Albania"\ncity: "Maminas"\nlocation: "Maminas"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.41899733\n  lng: 19.59298932\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516362067.jpg?k=33e781523400843644ad58bae8ec45fa1cd2b676b822f4ab848b11e465bf4276&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522307436.jpg?k=14304151cbbb8ffc71dcc072046f812ae20ad5464ac781e32be267cb55feeae8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516362063.jpg?k=525af3fa1c7f956975998ca7d4ed78d3608b17a0ee38facba95ca5d37dcdc3ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516362062.jpg?k=e0a504561dabb053b51afded2739527725aa56f361d7f0014140bf5ea1af7625&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522307447.jpg?k=6d4fdb202e3f47140d4fab569c4aa5bf1828301419160f477333b364fea9fa99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516362070.jpg?k=6a7ac7297f31fc861bb5f31c9fc74369a3201570561c1f159272150c96b49929&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Vila Gjergji 850 m"\n  - "Bar Varka 2.8 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 14 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 17 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 17 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 17 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 17 km"\n  - "1. Maj 17 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 19 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great host, cozy apartment, everything is perfect!”"\n  - name: "Artur"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Stayed for only 1 night upon arrival in Albania. Friendly owners, tasty breakfast in the morning.Good value for money”"\n  - name: "Marieke"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very friendly and kind staff! The room was clean and quiet. Also, the location is very close to the airport so perfect if you have an early flight in the morning! The breakfast includes a coffee or tea and a croissant (prepacked factory croissant,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/flavi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe property itself is a haven of tranquility, boasting a lush garden and a welcoming bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. Each guest unit is thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring essential amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, ensuring a pleasant and hassle-free stay.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the bed and breakfast’s proximity to notable sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Durres Amphitheatre, and the House of Leaves. The National Museum of History Albania and the Clock Tower Tirana are also located just 29 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich tapestry of Albanian history and culture.

For those looking to explore the vibrant local arts scene, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is similarly accessible. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 21 km from Hotel Sabi, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Hotel Sabi stands out not only for its prime location but also for its commitment to providing a comfortable and memorable stay for all guests. Whether visiting for leisure or adventure, this bed and breakfast promises an experience that is both enriching and relaxing.