---\ntitle: "Hotel Kalemi"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Kalemi, a gem just steps away from the Ethnographic Museum and Zekate House, where tradition meets comfort in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114548795.jpg?k=c9c4ce4f878890949b18a6b7408df6b0501fc34fb287a8612093ee40566639cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kalemi\naddress: "Rruga Bashkim Kokona 14, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07458031\n  lng: 20.13454646\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 382\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114548795.jpg?k=c9c4ce4f878890949b18a6b7408df6b0501fc34fb287a8612093ee40566639cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114551678.jpg?k=e22940122f528c9149478edc72eb2d4c2b4e1c83fb9c5a98389d0590316cbfc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/13318535.jpg?k=162e2f88664e24ae747243ea3c71ba20c8e23c9ca14f26f16df79f8a8c25dee7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114548627.jpg?k=89127d09dc686a3d6096ce53f32e49144e89e10fc35f53f112ba3364e3927c79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207434057.jpg?k=501ecaaba29a125ddc5a859c3b9efa153559f2471e46701eeb12592623522dae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149525787.jpg?k=9e5b7d8b3b6c4db7ea1473628587c273981629f826436e371d4e9ab2fdef6692&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Sofa"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bake 100 m"\n  - "Halal Klajdi 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Room was very atmospheric etc. Spacious bathroom. Good parking. Pleasent staff, good breakfast”"\n  - name: "Catherine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely old building, delightful young woman received us and gave good local advice; great breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“-the old-fashioned architecture
-private parking (important as parking is very difficult in high season)
-5 min from the old town centre
-very good bedding
-wifi works very well
-excellent breakfast with fresh produce (it was incredible)
-smiling...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kalemi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Kalemi is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, cable TV, and a cozy seating area. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, ensuring a refreshing start to your day. Select rooms elevate the experience further with fireplaces and balconies, offering breathtaking views of the town and the majestic Gjirokastr Castle.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Hotel Kalemi excels in providing conveniences that make your stay worry-free. With reliable electricity, complimentary private parking, and free Wi-Fi throughout, guests can enjoy seamless connectivity and peace of mind. The daily breakfast is a delightful way to kickstart your morning, while the terrace, library, and bar offer serene spots to unwind after a day of exploration.

Situated within walking distance of Erçiz Topulli Square and the Old Town Bazaar, the hotel invites guests to step back in time and explore the rich history of the Ottoman era. The iconic Gjirokastr Castle is a mere 800 meters away, with Ismail Kadare's House even closer at 400 meters. For added convenience, a grocery store is just a few minutes' walk, making it easy to grab essentials.

Hotel Kalemi stands out as a perfect base for travelers eager to explore the cultural heritage and scenic beauty of the city, offering a blend of traditional charm and modern amenities that promise a memorable stay.