---\ntitle: "Hotel Kaduku"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Shkodër from the comfort of Hotel Kaduku, a prime spot for travelers seeking both convenience and quality."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404197801.jpg?k=4fbc615ef4950188c8caee3701987417dd7202eb6b779e5b85132ec390d45f3b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kaduku\naddress: "Rruga Studenti 84/1 - Sheshi Demokracia, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06711807\n  lng: 19.511877\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1176\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404197801.jpg?k=4fbc615ef4950188c8caee3701987417dd7202eb6b779e5b85132ec390d45f3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150785828.jpg?k=8f38ce1f6c782fcedf0a6aa30a9b443acdffc27f8ba5f930a394147a7f9db6d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/117909818.jpg?k=35e1cec1c52a6e49dc24f69ecf790faae0465f208ffa5bee402a0f973cd7a25d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150804594.jpg?k=290535eb23870caa4c311fb2892f58e77ec6693c34fdbf6d8f25355cc23bfae1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150804892.jpg?k=175ad2c75620e33961943314f14e48a7062d9196fcd81eb488190de2fcb038d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150805015.jpg?k=62c2626a006cf3b1664f03c46e90064e02592ba364653687db08a7037a0e5cdc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Minimal 20 m"\n  - "Delja e Zeze 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.7 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nikolina"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“The hotel is in the very center, in an excellent location. Everything is neat and clean. The staff is the best thing about the hotel. They are excellent, especially the receptionist.”"\n  - name: "Sead"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Qëndrimi tek Hotel Kaduku ishte i shkelqyer !
Stafi shum mikprites i sjellshem dhe i gatshem per te asistuar per cdo nevoje !
Dhoma ishte komode dhe e ngrohte , pastertia meriton noten 10 !
Sherbimi restorantor ishte i shkelqyer dhe mengjesi ...”"\n  - name: "Andrew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hospitality of all the staff. Nothing was too much bother. The hotel has been in the same family for over 80 years and they make you feel like one of the family. The location is excellent close to the buses and centre of town. The hotel night...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kaduku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Kaduku is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning and a private bathroom, complete with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay for every guest.

For those keen on exploring the local area, the hotel offers free bikes - a perfect way to discover the nearby Shkodra Lake, which is just 4 km away. The lake area, known for its beaches and array of fish restaurants, provides a perfect escape into nature. Similarly, the historic Rozafa Castle is within the same distance, offering a glimpse into the region's rich past. For beach lovers, the Velipoja Sandy Beach is a mere 30 km from the hotel, with convenient mini-van services available right outside.

Practical needs are also well catered for, with the nearest grocery shop and market both located just 400 metres away. For those looking to stay active or unwind, a fitness and spa centre is available a short 200-metre stroll from the hotel, and a football court is accessible at 400 metres.

Transportation is a breeze, with bus stops a mere 50 metres from the hotel doorstep and the train station only 4 km away. For international travelers, Tirana Airport is 95 km from the hotel, making arrivals and departures smooth and hassle-free.

Hotel Kaduku not only offers a comfortable stay but also serves as a gateway to exploring the vibrant life and natural beauty of Shkodër, making it an ideal choice for travelers of all kinds.