---\ntitle: "Hoteleks"\ndescription: "Hoteleks, located a mere stone's throw away from Sarande Main Beach in Sarandë, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902780.jpg?k=b076edf6a01fcd32c3df22184f37a97de529488c5342719152ea1d30a0e19ca8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hoteleks\naddress: "Rruga 17 Shkurti, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87049269\n  lng: 19.99974295\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902780.jpg?k=b076edf6a01fcd32c3df22184f37a97de529488c5342719152ea1d30a0e19ca8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902814.jpg?k=adbe07c8e98ff3d299b1b3392f27170c320e3f9f5f4209f7ef621286c5bd4043&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902800.jpg?k=b6cfff33b19bf86e621fc87b9ee593ab4b47f729cedd4018c654b3cf872d6385&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902805.jpg?k=9cf7d9133b316017b835a0d7a24a61ef9bf6751803dad0496015b82669dc3564&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491902811.jpg?k=5b8a7c45a27cd4448db90cf998512dbb7c1e42fdbd3db3dabdc1d74ab25645e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515530262.jpg?k=fecaba2fc9e1883a9a0a724e403b424ba3d4f74845661f116dcf86d5efc4b1eb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Beach 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Laberia 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hoteleks.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hoteleks are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to meet the needs of every traveler. Rooms boast air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights, alongside a fridge, stovetop, and coffee machine for a touch of home. The convenience of free WiFi and garden views from every room adds to the hotel's charm. Bathrooms are private and well-appointed with both a bath and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay. Select accommodations also feature balconies, offering guests a glimpse of the city's vibrant life.

For those interested in exploring beyond the hotel's peaceful confines, La Petite Beach is just under 2 km away, offering a more secluded spot for sunbathing and relaxation. The historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is within a 18 km drive, making for an easy day trip. Additionally, the proximity of Ioannina Airport, 98 km away, facilitates convenient travel arrangements for international guests.

With its array of amenities and prime location close to both the beach and city attractions, Hoteleks stands out as a top accommodation choice for visitors to Sarandë, promising a memorable stay filled with comfort and ease.