---\ntitle: "Hotel VISAD"\ndescription: "Hotel Visad emerges as a serene oasis along the scenic route that connects Sarandë with Butrint, boasting its very own private beachfront."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107893703.jpg?k=7beb4efb797fa8c3c92b0b12567a6f0bfd09adbb794d45b6766189d9f8e785c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-visad\naddress: "Sarandë-Butrint Road, 1st km, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85525494\n  lng: 20.0199362\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 170\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107893703.jpg?k=7beb4efb797fa8c3c92b0b12567a6f0bfd09adbb794d45b6766189d9f8e785c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369807605.jpg?k=2ee734d0f5076cb89c9e635a767420590c28cde6383bfb10e4d194339de683cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369807603.jpg?k=43846860ff88feeb4f55c9efb50ae4479f69dbdb6f6149860ed09ab297297a27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375572930.jpg?k=44167ed0293a4617ed22a808ad949372115e94675f7ce742ce55ccbd619970cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201217240.jpg?k=483b81253cac16d5b44c23963bcb92ec03bdaaea19b5de0026726ce978f57368&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365427918.jpg?k=ef0462477843d395aad1a79af771a4e071098c9b5a66bcb4e1770e2214f9b099&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365427913.jpg?k=0ad4481fcfcbe5fb74a85f0a2a6805fc71b0f5930f84251990b76bcc8847a3f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369807601.jpg?k=748c423ad0a2f7669bcf1ff789ca9745a26a3ec33b9c585287044945c20cd547&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/20626004.jpg?k=8d37eb049cc79c01322dbaaf9039f93d0d7f0047897d24273432ae848b69485a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Recetat by Fishop 20 m"\n  - "4 Stinët 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 0 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 350 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 750 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Geri"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The view from the hotel was fantastic and I recommend all to spend the vacations at the Visad Hotel.”"\n  - name: "Russell"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Although the location was at the quiet end of Sarande, this suited us. The hotel had everything we needed, was next to the beach and kept scrupulously clean. Amazing views from the balcony, especially on the last night when there was an electrical...”"\n  - name: "Radu_a"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Great location, with a magnificent view. The hotel has a nice private beach, is quiet enough and the sfaff was nice and helpfull.
Lots of restaurants nearby.
Good breakfast. Strong wi-fi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/visad-sarande-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room, designed for comfort, includes a modest fridge and an en-suite bathroom, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with relaxation. The beachfront beckons with sun loungers, inviting guests to bask in the sun's warmth.

The hotel's restaurant is a highlight, featuring a spacious terrace that spills onto the beach. Here, guests can enjoy a cafe-style breakfast while soaking in the breathtaking sea views. The restaurant prides itself on a menu that blends traditional Albanian flavors with international cuisine, all served within its stylishly appointed interiors that offer uninterrupted views of the sea.

For those seeking leisure activities, Hotel Visad does not disappoint. Guests have complimentary access to table tennis and can opt for massage treatments at an additional cost. The hotel also boasts a mini football field for sports enthusiasts.

Located approximately 1.5 km from the heart of Sarandë, Hotel Visad offers easy access to the city's bus station and ferry port, providing convenient links to Corfu Island. This hotel stands out as a perfect blend of relaxation, convenience, and culinary delight, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay along Albania's picturesque coastline.