---\ntitle: "HOTEL PATIO"\ndescription: "HOTEL PATIO emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386301840.jpg?k=eebe705aede9390de12ea4d2231d22734c98ebe33f4e1dade430174460f435a8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-patio\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi near ITALIAN CONSULATE, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44706525\n  lng: 19.49498387\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 305\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386301840.jpg?k=eebe705aede9390de12ea4d2231d22734c98ebe33f4e1dade430174460f435a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386301753.jpg?k=41ea2a0d3026d8ef7d338cbb684443a20102393ce9604fa6f0a4c41101076634&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388543656.jpg?k=f536db3aaf224cc1db90b63030121ea0c58d057128ced326914d0a042727b4d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386302250.jpg?k=c7be57a66a999a77d903983c2ce52eda30a69affabc98dd6cf821dbdc3224eb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386301749.jpg?k=c0d8f3363c60d1c465df74ae1494c525ed961e92627b0842c393429be1f8d2b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386301701.jpg?k=b1a7fe9bf6f36e3dca3b55b18d67523cc4a396ecd2886f51be2374027b5296c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Superior Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Patio 50 m"\n  - "Primo Gusto 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nia"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Great location, right in the heart of the pubs and restaurants. The beach was across the road so didn't have to travel far. The hotel was super modern and clean perfect for our stay”"\n  - name: "Beghin"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel, everything was more than ok! The owner is super friendly and really helpful. I would surely recommend it!”"\n  - name: "Norase"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“New, clean and comfortable. Beds are great, quiet environment, close to the beach and the staff was very helpful. Street parking available in front of the hotel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/patio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis establishment prides itself on providing a seamless stay experience, offering amenities such as complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the hotel and the convenience of free private parking for those arriving by car. The terrace is a highlight, offering a tranquil spot for guests to unwind while soaking in the city views.

Accommodations at HOTEL PATIO are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with essential modern amenities including a desk, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a private balcony for guests to enjoy their own slice of tranquility. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower and a fridge in every room adds to the convenience factor, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For travelers flying into the region, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 152 km away, making HOTEL PATIO an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors. This hotel stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture and natural beauty of Vlorë, offering a comfortable retreat after a day of exploration.