---\ntitle: "Hotel SEADEL"\ndescription: "Hotel SEADEL, located a mere 500 meters from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach, offers a refreshing retreat with its stunning mountain views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427514067.jpg?k=e2c1675d379682168ba3271d08add045da8c5817b8951f3c9c27355cba09dfcd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-seadel\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frasheri,godina nr.10 Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77004568\n  lng: 20.00561764\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 139\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427514067.jpg?k=e2c1675d379682168ba3271d08add045da8c5817b8951f3c9c27355cba09dfcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463508284.jpg?k=d8293aa307a760e7a337b51cc551bee994b101c71fb06b0df9992e87bd9076e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463508131.jpg?k=eaa1e39e15ab9512bbcfbd6d514aea8900b0f9045bb31fefc76b96b4d443814a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427515658.jpg?k=f1d04ad455007af471819bc5ae6ef1d6d6eea4804a0429c975dd825ed4a5ffa4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427514021.jpg?k=6d2103cb14027dda237acba1721826f01670b1baa187a2b8cb5d65659bc5c6c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427514054.jpg?k=f9229d04865c76c4507bec4b15702b5b5d4eca9d66c9cd57a6bc1d374f062685&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463508551.jpg?k=9d6c83ab24defe90f006ac4ae4d02cb3ae159d2f43f8c27296666f4c08b22c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427513984.jpg?k=5bda69c485555c85db32d98c8af1b74a6d881460752f571f57c19af2f5961ac7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463507897.jpg?k=c25104f814d0ac8ff93eb308eb89e507cb7f7e72a9e623d385b37f953380677b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 50 m"\n  - "Kancelari Mondi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andy05"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“We want to thank the entire staff. You are amazing people. Your whole family. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely come back. I highly recommend this hotel. The equipment of the room, the pool, the food, the approach od the staff to the...”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything! This is such a lovely, family run hotel, everyone was so friendly and helpful. It is very modern and clean, my room was big with a beautiful bathroom and fabulous balcony with views over Ksamil to the sea.
Breakfast was so tasty,...”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very clean and spacious rooms, very friendly hosts”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seadel-ksamil2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel SEADEL is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and convenience. Guests are treated to air-conditioned spaces that boast not only a desk and a private balcony with captivating city views but also a private bathroom equipped with modern amenities. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, fresh bed linen, and towels, along with a handy fridge, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Strategically positioned, Hotel SEADEL is just a short stroll away from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach and the tranquil Ksamil Beach 9, both approximately 700 meters away, offering guests easy access to some of the area's most beautiful coastlines. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is situated 93 km away, making Hotel SEADEL an ideal choice for travelers seeking both convenience and a touch of luxury.