---\ntitle: "Hotel Bujtina Ollga"\ndescription: "Hotel Bujtina Ollga emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, a mere 3."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109862294.jpg?k=9c45a89c1108a1675d3254379ea27f28f907af64dae9c5e359a7d6acd1c2d150&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bujtina-ollga\naddress: "Drilon Street, Tushemisht Building number 11, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90117773\n  lng: 20.71101386\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109862294.jpg?k=9c45a89c1108a1675d3254379ea27f28f907af64dae9c5e359a7d6acd1c2d150&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103802816.jpg?k=5ebe3a7df9366056307b1d15db1b1257fe4909d59f3eee1e0c05bcf4af334ebc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103802891.jpg?k=ca912d2d87c503e0aea1344ad6a47f6d9deadb324fac7ba51f34fcf3425a5afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104197630.jpg?k=fe8a1f41e0f299e3f7dd3ffb1afb5c38ab95ec2e55cbe4492eb9dfeecdf23d69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104197610.jpg?k=270b2f5b09f192a2c472d521f38869c05cd30e4733030eae5143aeb36dd0bf59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103802849.jpg?k=69e86a8b29f06c879bf9e34db79d878a072679f844efecb99dc8093e98f821a0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant ARBI 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Mjelma 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Galicica 3 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 10 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 29 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 68 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ani"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“property was very neat and clean. the staff was amazing, really nice and fast. the best service we have received since being in Albania. definitely recommend and we will be back”"\n  - name: "Walter"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Unterkunft verfügt über gut möblierte und ausreichend große Zimmer. WLAN-Empfang sehr gut. Im Erdgeschoss befindet sich ein gut besuchtes Speiselokal mit reichhaltigem Angebot an sehr preiswerten Speisen und Getränken. Wir fanden das Essen...”"\n  - name: "Fiona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Exellent staf, very gentle and friendly, exellent food and the location is great. Very stylish and interestin interiors. Highly recommended.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-ollga.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Bujtina Ollga are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned room offers a picturesque city view and is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail extends to the rooms' interiors, featuring a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a private bathroom complete with slippers and a bidet. Select rooms also boast river views and come with the added charm of a balcony.

Mornings at Hotel Bujtina Ollga start with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation. For the younger guests, a children's playground is available, ensuring entertainment for all ages. The hotel is perfectly positioned for guests to engage in a variety of activities in the surrounding area of Pogradec, including hiking, diving, and fishing, offering a perfect blend of leisure and adventure.

The multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk, fluent in Greek, English, and Italian, are always on hand to assist, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable stay for every guest. Hotel Bujtina Ollga is conveniently located 35 km from Port Ohrid and the Church of St. John at Kaneo, with Ohrid Airport only 41 km away, making it an accessible and attractive option for travelers seeking a tranquil escape with the promise of memorable experiences.