---\ntitle: "Hotel de Ksamil"\ndescription: "Hotel de Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458906552.jpg?k=c753681038c6aa7acb4483a4c9541263ce687a57d920a17a123de84a55564faf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-de-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frashëri, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.766907\n  lng: 19.99827\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 84\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458906552.jpg?k=c753681038c6aa7acb4483a4c9541263ce687a57d920a17a123de84a55564faf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488654829.jpg?k=aa64c4dd4a4a3af731895865c95f48996ba19b2f61a6b3a59e2c5c0da7ff118d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431543218.jpg?k=a54d3c00189a4c5247631b06538eb6965b695d02b343cd70a955e17cc73507f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488654887.jpg?k=b10e95dec6bafccd8902f82a117407df41ba5b8ab248056487ea49e851050695&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482114813.jpg?k=0dcf68c2eaa6354c7b3248ae711652da8b058b0b5eff0db7d9d76525df9b669d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480929572.jpg?k=d30e53e2d32bb38a848d9135df675175ee0ebdd59dcbb105c3b1f15772f593a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468966392.jpg?k=4195de5c3dd1af97bba5c3573703c45ebdadaf46c89c310139bca48218689d00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468966297.jpg?k=4664dd941e3667383c589bfe156e960f77dfc6e1d600b5148e6d278e377d43bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468964420.jpg?k=dccc7e607d9b8c234a0f02c1636c6483b7bcd74dcfe200d099b9fed4a9f35b74&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Traditional by Zace Studios 50 m"\n  - "Visit Ksamil 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 50 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Driton"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“I loved this hotel! The owner Nico is the absolute greatest. Upon arrival his smile and kindness was contagious. The location of the hotel is perfect- being very close to the beach (1min walk) but not too close as to be affected by any loud music...”"\n  - name: "Paulina"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The location was great, the room was comfortable and spacious. The breakfast was also very good and varied.”"\n  - name: "Erda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a fantastic stay at Hotel De Ksamil! The hotel's prime location, just a 5-minute stroll from the beach, made it incredibly convenient for enjoying the sun and surf. The staff's warm and welcoming demeanor added to the overall positive...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/de-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel de Ksamil are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a homely feel. The private bathrooms come with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. For those desiring a bit more, selected rooms feature a patio, offering a private oasis to unwind.

The hotel's location is unbeatable for beach enthusiasts. Paradise Beach is a mere 300 meters away, while the tranquil Lori Beach is just a 500-meter stroll. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 93 km from the hotel, making Hotel de Ksamil an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

With round-the-clock front desk service, airport transfers, room service, and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured a stay that combines the ease of modern amenities with the charm of Ksamil's coastal beauty.