---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Misiri"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Misiri stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304408940.jpg?k=d31793f078594353799cdc95e8704b2846f9a9a9e5cc817b77a8661d5111e0be&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-misiri\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia , 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30969081\n  lng: 19.48524396\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 349\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304408940.jpg?k=d31793f078594353799cdc95e8704b2846f9a9a9e5cc817b77a8661d5111e0be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443211933.jpg?k=5c2ee8ab00d05c595a3f6749812580d269fa07e5ed08150ce9db5619763ebd0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443211908.jpg?k=f731b4d02c7097d8ef19f5a48c1e309bfbafc525509325d5485c8b4e304457db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/171302664.jpg?k=07ad617d32a5459b4608dabe8b6d835c6f8d31bc9309e348b91e5d2393dd9232&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/182907075.jpg?k=493468e7626860ece069a58213ff3ed3789f0df347e9308a7cc164eeb2112216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353877044.jpg?k=d42654cb890b388ca7afd0837defa9508f4b30ac96917d639c932d5a2cde6dc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353877030.jpg?k=97e892199461568ce5643e2472393bc5587df69b8c523c54bd68aa35090923f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206208529.jpg?k=af00217de129045f2d629b356712b758376e0f2f52d88a6be5975d17afe00796&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304407051.jpg?k=1f858aa6e706f542c9fbd289112a555039d7a494550e747c01f494283f06c29c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni 10 m"\n  - "Prince 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice family who owns the hotel, very welcoming atmosphere and best of it was the breakfast. We've never had better breakfast in an hotel before. Thanks a lot!”"\n  - name: "Łukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wonderful hotel. Very clean rooms, cleaned every day. Helpful and nice service. Varied and tasty breakfasts. The restaurant at the hotel served very good food. A great addition was free parking and free sun loungers on the beach. It was very...”"\n  - name: "Cynthia"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“It’s not on the beach but it’s 15 steps away. So it’s quiet and peaceful. Staff are amazing. Breakfast was awesome. The family who run it are so lovely and so helpful. Nothing was too much trouble.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-restorant-misiri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel is strategically positioned, making it an ideal base for exploring the surrounding area. It is a mere 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, 42 km from the scenic views of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, and just 6.5 km from the intriguing Rock of Kavaje. For those interested in the rich history of the area, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within reach at 38 km, while the ancient Durres Amphitheatre is a short 4.6 km journey away. Additionally, the convenience of being 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

Accommodations at Hotel Vila Misiri are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a wardrobe, a safety deposit box for personal valuables, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony to enjoy the serene surroundings. The private bathrooms are fitted with showers, and the provision of bed linen and towels adds an extra layer of convenience.

Moreover, the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of complimentary WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected with loved ones or manage work commitments seamlessly. For those requiring transportation to and from the airport, a paid shuttle service is available, ensuring a hassle-free travel experience.

Hotel Vila Misiri emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a tranquil retreat that does not compromise on accessibility to local attractions or modern comforts.