---\ntitle: "Hotel Veri"\ndescription: "Hotel Veri stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Peshkopi."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116602548.jpg?k=a03c51d36f1a89ad670865eb506aa4df3e356700e321b2cec5c6a02b39442178&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-veri\naddress: "Peshkopi Rruga Tercilio Kardinali, 8301 Peshkopi, Albania"\ncity: "Peshkopi"\nlocation: "Peshkopi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.68279643\n  lng: 20.43008254\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 73\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116602548.jpg?k=a03c51d36f1a89ad670865eb506aa4df3e356700e321b2cec5c6a02b39442178&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116403585.jpg?k=db38b769d6631bfe4de2a50c0a60ceeabd40998ee619491bb23c77aa50c7f581&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116403603.jpg?k=6d7ff8aa05537c81d8236756e51f29ae05ac9ae0d0404675db26f59b04d171ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116403510.jpg?k=5227038d31ccee35a428164c258ed9cceb4b1b034458843351646f476f8e8a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116403599.jpg?k=ff8099ff2cd3a6483c194b4526cf826cdb98f41b4456ca984b40a776967c779c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/117990179.jpg?k=35d2280bc11f34da3b18f0477e4d9c309ab8943e4f23f00acf3d5ed868e41817&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Single Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Studio"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Qendra 200 m"\n  - "Brazili 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llixhat Peshkopi 1.6 km"\n  - "Llixhat e Peshkopi 1.6 km"\n  - "Lure National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nick"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This hotel is out of place in a small town in Albania. It was built by the Blues Brothers actor John Belluci. It works! Rooms large and the bed comfortable at a sensible price. A good bar and restaurant used by locals on site”"\n  - name: "Natasha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The rooms were very good and the hotel was very clean. The underground car park was very convenient. We had a lovely view of the mountains.”"\n  - name: "Senad"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Big and comfortable room. Private underground garage. Best hotel in Peshokopi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hotelveri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking, setting the stage for a hassle-free experience. The hotel's well-appointed terrace invites guests to relax and soak in the natural beauty of the surrounding area, while the on-site restaurant and bar provide delightful dining and refreshment options.

Accommodations at Hotel Veri are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a wardrobe, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of home. Select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, offering private outdoor space to enjoy the crisp mountain air. A fridge in every room adds an extra layer of convenience, ensuring refreshments are always within reach.

For those looking to explore the local area, the Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery is a mere 45 km away, presenting an opportunity for cultural immersion. Additionally, the proximity to Ohrid Airport, 85 km from the hotel, facilitates easy travel arrangements for international guests.

With round-the-clock room service and a 24-hour front desk, Hotel Veri prioritizes guest satisfaction and comfort, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities and natural beauty in Peshkopi.