---\ntitle: "Hotel 3A"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Hotel 3A, a vibrant gem located mere steps from the bustling Skenderbeg Square, surrounded by a plethora of shops, dining options, and lively bars."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/38887679.jpg?k=3b8f6977a427e5deddd79ff7b0aefaeb90b58f568d926d1948ca9f9e95d2bc57&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-3a\naddress: "Rr. Naim Frasheri, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32740689\n  lng: 19.80683684\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 288\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 7\n  facilities: 6.8\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 7.1\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/38887679.jpg?k=3b8f6977a427e5deddd79ff7b0aefaeb90b58f568d926d1948ca9f9e95d2bc57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12708459.jpg?k=fe79ecb90a9ce98c9ae68abd243669d31d77916aff78c69df930625033e0d307&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/38887660.jpg?k=aec21f9435e581a2492fcaf2ed9bd0507f3109d38e69e4b533c8d0e0f568cd87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29846347.jpg?k=858a8dddeb6472b577d056e75b7ec462746d82a60c520b4df7ff1449e0a639d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/12784910.jpg?k=c0382fd957a6a0f05b92c85b177d4ecebfd30c7891d59d15cd1309b17bbbb782&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/38887405.jpg?k=438c2ab93152957137b7899ff4ab793b023ef25ea771fdd25b876ab4fa6f0031&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tek Zgara Tirones 1 50 m"\n  - "Family 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/a-hotel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel 3A bursts with color, featuring carpeted floors for that extra touch of home. Modern amenities such as air conditioning, a desk, TV, and minibar are standard, ensuring a restful and convenient stay. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers, adding to the comfort of your experience.

For those in need of laundry or ironing services, Hotel 3A has you covered, making your stay hassle-free. Additionally, the convenience of an ATM machine and foreign currency exchange is available on-site, ensuring you're well-prepared for your adventures in Tirana. Start your day right with a continental breakfast served in the cozy cafe area on the ground floor.

Exploring the local culture and nightlife is easy from Hotel 3A, with numerous restaurants and bars within a 100-metre radius. A short stroll will take you to the nearest grocery store, only 20 metres away, while the famous Blloku area, the cultural and entertainment heart of Tirana, is just a kilometer away.

For sports enthusiasts and shoppers, the Qemal Stafa stadium and a shopping centre are accessible with a 15-minute drive. Additionally, the main Train and Bus Station are conveniently located a 5-minute drive from the hotel, making your travel plans within and beyond Tirana effortless.

Hotel 3A stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a vibrant, convenient, and comfortable stay in the heart of Tirana.