---\ntitle: "Hotel The First"\ndescription: "Hotel The First emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86536847.jpg?k=3528e62522be2e3f2669f3ce2a016bcf422dc69c2223206a10d781b96dc431da&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-the-first\naddress: "Bulevardi 18 Shtatori, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.081349\n  lng: 20.139973\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 131\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86536847.jpg?k=3528e62522be2e3f2669f3ce2a016bcf422dc69c2223206a10d781b96dc431da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86536084.jpg?k=a4b74151b4d4ba348b3d8039dfe2e4a71ce10e80226a8396e6e7df3bb7f1119d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156421277.jpg?k=406785babc8bd5eda223906e911f4c7e5594efd79e9c886b94d3aad683c09e43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86536746.jpg?k=1a747f88cfc57cdcf7806ba28c04c95f84ef7d9d2c0df54574cd75a88951d69d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86535771.jpg?k=28dfd36b5329d78c6617f4f469b35f17f5d24f72dad7cf0ea1abd665ef8a6f94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388997873.jpg?k=d2a1e7579b209931faff7de7d0112a21e4753936703d4c91bbf6f2f2ee895aaf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza n 20 m"\n  - "Gold 100 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Moritz"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We got a great little room on the top floor of this hotel that had recently been renovated. Even though the hotel is located right next to a relatively busy street, there was very good soundproofing and the road speeds are quite low so there was...”"\n  - name: "M"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hotel/room was very clean, super location - about 10min walk from the castle.Bed more than comfortable. I've slept like nowhere before.
Strongly recomend!”"\n  - name: "Tina"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Nice, cosy hotel, clean and comfort. Very very nice staff and excellent breakfast!❤
Great location with bars, stores, farmacies and not far from the old city and the castle - though we went by car and used public parking.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-first-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its hospitality offerings, including a welcoming bar perfect for evening relaxation, a restaurant serving a variety of culinary delights, and a shared lounge for guests to unwind. The attentive staff at the 24-hour front desk are always on hand to assist with any needs, ensuring a seamless and worry-free experience.

Accommodations at Hotel The First are thoughtfully designed, with select rooms featuring balconies that offer captivating views of the cityscape. This detail adds a touch of elegance and an opportunity for guests to enjoy private moments of reflection against the backdrop of Gjirokastër.

Morning starts on a high note with breakfast options that cater to diverse tastes, including continental and Italian selections. For those who revel in the outdoors, the hotel's sun terrace presents an ideal spot for basking in the warmth and soaking up the local ambiance.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel The First stands as a gateway for exploring the rich heritage and natural beauty of the region, making it a preferred choice for travelers in search of an unforgettable stay.