---\ntitle: "Hotel Miami Beach"\ndescription: "Hotel Miami Beach emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485413281.jpg?k=94114e943f9b7c72ff42b7c92143fa6f90c1601ec01e39f5b0c8c874eb569493&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-miami-beach\naddress: "Rruga Fan Noli 19, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25996706\n  lng: 19.52337991\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485413281.jpg?k=94114e943f9b7c72ff42b7c92143fa6f90c1601ec01e39f5b0c8c874eb569493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289434.jpg?k=9d872e2d4d8cc5dc86db3f82635bf41f636e5b19586f9b94e3864aaeda666420&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289556.jpg?k=dcd7c66d7e7ea43ec87de5ea5ebd4740329ecd39867fb25c917575a08c8c5668&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289527.jpg?k=ccf4f386b0955af3c8d36fc65f965d1c01fd58d300d9e5dac2b888596f714b37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488309252.jpg?k=2c13e4c71a0719ccd933ff79bb05f2aa969f324a0c8e26465a2d32a4097b18bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289505.jpg?k=ba68bac0cd25147779be528f9b4927f88f5f56e6b2c12dbe3df5eca50aaac71a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289425.jpg?k=d427342b3af64e8ba59061cd3b5635e45f50e1fde21e6417a83f4eeea167d4b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482289561.jpg?k=ba3e2cdda61e6d8a3c4dbc6d16708916a98b528e14c3a7d82edd4e86976ca415&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488312179.jpg?k=396cf3ded24f5856aebeebf221724dbf1cceb735b7eb80b66df5d47a5958d041&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Furrë Buke Pashtriku 100 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 700 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ergi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were clean and very well maintained. Price was very affordable”"\n  - name: "Ani"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had an absolutely fantastic stay at this hotel. From the moment we arrived, we were impressed by the spaciousness of our room and the comfort of the beds. The room itself was very clean and maintained throughout our stay. The owners of the...”"\n  - name: "Salihovic"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“It was clean, great location and people who are working there. Very welcoming and comfortable!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miami-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically located, Hotel Miami Beach is a short distance from notable attractions including Mali I Robit Beach and the historic Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for explorers. Moreover, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the intriguing Rock of Kavaje are easily accessible, promising adventures a mere drive away.

Guest accommodations at Hotel Miami Beach are thoughtfully designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each room is equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a restful retreat. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury. Guests will appreciate the added convenience of free WiFi, with select rooms offering breathtaking sea views. The presence of a desk in every room caters to the needs of business travelers or those wishing to pen down their adventures.

Situated less than a kilometer from the captivating Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and within proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Hotel Miami Beach stands as a testament to the blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 38 km away, guests will find their travel to and from the hotel a breeze.

Hotel Miami Beach is a smoke-free property, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. This establishment not only promises a memorable stay by the sea but also serves as a gateway to the rich cultural and natural wonders of the area.