---\ntitle: "Hotel Heritage"\ndescription: "Hotel Heritage, located just 2 km from the vibrant heart of Tirana at Skanderbeg Square, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595591.jpg?k=7f5593d7c2791c157d9253603e9d40a7bb0312a061a1e3be70f3251b4f8a8e16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-heritage\naddress: "Rruga Albanopoli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33896851\n  lng: 19.80813991\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595591.jpg?k=7f5593d7c2791c157d9253603e9d40a7bb0312a061a1e3be70f3251b4f8a8e16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595712.jpg?k=a3beb59789a735747e4ac2b676770f733538ea3b004c7bbd2bcdde7b3d96316f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595703.jpg?k=f9f9025c660e693a9c330482482a186e1a72f99526a54bba89db93622e439635&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595613.jpg?k=094951688b31357b6f39446a1b4b024415cbbf8716b23a46b2f2577044b285aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595649.jpg?k=1a0f4f33982b30fbd329c24000c7317cf7d5285577f8e16f9d4522c784277ac1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595765.jpg?k=c8eb2e916941423d13551691cdb35567f063d77b97516d764b62bdb3c84a205d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595683.jpg?k=974e46706f91006765a61e7ab74fd4b413d85b83d0f1a20b74dd4e3990d12482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595637.jpg?k=aa0bb753ca0eeeeb785c2af19daae57e4a6968a0f320d553fc57e38b2e3b292b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/227595629.jpg?k=29c907ac879bb3da44c497790c2f82e4e8389fc054e6bee0ecf01c17fc151fb7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizzeri Eduards 250 m"\n  - "Zgara Berati 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "蓉蓉"\n    country: "Taiwan"\n    text: "“The room is spacious. The bed is comfortable. It’s quiet at night fora good sleep. The breakfast is fine. The host’s neighbor friend gave us a ride to the bus terminal because of raining, very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Pedro"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The place was very clean and the guys in the reception are very kind.”"\n  - name: "Flying_fox"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very nice and quiet place with little garden. Big tasty breakfast. Very nice and welcoming host. A bit far from center if you plan to walk, but great location if you have a car.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/heritage.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nUpon entering any of the well-appointed rooms, visitors are greeted with a harmonious blend of functionality and comfort. Each space is equipped with a desk, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The addition of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space ensures a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient.

What sets Hotel Heritage apart is not just its facilities but its proximity to some of Tirana's most sought-after attractions. The National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the intriguing House of Leaves are all within easy reach, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts keen to dive into the city's rich heritage.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located a mere 13 km away, Hotel Heritage offers a seamless connection to and from the city, ensuring the beginning and end of your trip are as stress-free as possible.

With its 24-hour front desk and luggage storage space, alongside the convenience of free WiFi, Hotel Heritage caters to the needs of modern travelers, ensuring a stay that is both enjoyable and effortless. Whether it's the view of the garden that captures your heart or the ease with which you can explore Tirana's treasures, Hotel Heritage promises a memorable experience for all who visit.