---\ntitle: "Hotel Veliera"\ndescription: "Hotel Veliera stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158648537.jpg?k=26bb50054077104f9d986a9ae10a9216d28a7d936eca8815d10f7941bd7fbef1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-veliera\naddress: "L nr 3 bulevardi Epidamn, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31030818\n  lng: 19.44726408\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 444\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158648537.jpg?k=26bb50054077104f9d986a9ae10a9216d28a7d936eca8815d10f7941bd7fbef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752296.jpg?k=6ee451aed39d8dc4a464e02f83aa2a15838da639ad6b562dc89dde7ccc73fc64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752509.jpg?k=89189aa7328d445d73e44d21a271a9bc0ad31de2d75d6c25286c37c6585b1b06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752142.jpg?k=31148145e8f293efcd4f3e3017d319a620d7f7ef2c017c5dc14f113813b85ca5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752287.jpg?k=c0dc468c78d420ac59693bca6d39f8d6345cc50d61b8c722ee83ff14e39a6cc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752183.jpg?k=f4bf5d10367ee2980f829ed0db06911299b0f5e9c1709d56917336162618bcdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752241.jpg?k=9a7dec56c470579e83b517b6305c283cfb65cd03a8cc19183e28fe577b5cb8d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752363.jpg?k=fe59ab2eb949aa7c40284c2fe1ffd04c7300c7076904f2a61528ff2532e9f875&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163752702.jpg?k=00904135306c48c203b9518ef5d31df2d78aa85458ad06da92ad3e360d190bc3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iri 50 m"\n  - "Los Locos Pizzeria 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 250 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 300 m"\n  - "1. Maj 400 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 850 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sandyandmichael"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Lovely spacious room. Bright and stylish with high ceilings. Very comfortable King size bed plus single.
Lovely outlook over the square.
Only 5 min walk to free public parking area, next to the ocean - beware the scammers who try to tell you to...”"\n  - name: "Hongli"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“Good breakfast. Fresh juice and milk and bread. Evening recepter is an senior gentleman and he can't speak ENG but kind.”"\n  - name: "Jelle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Clean spacious rooms and the location close to the city of Durres.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/veliera-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon entering, visitors are greeted by a welcoming shared lounge and the assurance of round-the-clock service at the front desk, complemented by the seamless connectivity of complimentary WiFi. The hotel prides itself on its array of accommodations, where each room is thoughtfully designed with a seating area for moments of relaxation. The essence of comfort is further amplified in select units that boast balconies, revealing breathtaking sea vistas that promise to enchant.

The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, each equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is luxurious. The modern conveniences do not end there; with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a fridge available in every room, guests are guaranteed a stay that caters to their every need.

For those eager to explore, Hotel Veliera serves as the perfect base. Located just 2.1 km from the picturesque Kallmi Beach and 2.4 km from the bustling Durres Beach, it offers easy access to some of the area's most sought-after destinations. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 33 km away, ensures that arrivals and departures are as smooth as the sands of the nearby beaches.

Hotel Veliera is not just a place to stay; it is a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and stunning landscapes of Durrës, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both adventure and serenity.