---\ntitle: "Hotel Ajden by Mira Mare"\ndescription: "Hotel Ajden by Mira Mare stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440511877.jpg?k=d035c51e8bea68aa29c43c2e8a0ad3393fd52b3d6c4e30723ab7eac6121cbf40&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-ajden-by-mira-mare\naddress: "Rruga Jul Cezari, Ksamil 9706, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76402969\n  lng: 19.9958088\nprice: "US$323"\npriceFrom: 323\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 243\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440511877.jpg?k=d035c51e8bea68aa29c43c2e8a0ad3393fd52b3d6c4e30723ab7eac6121cbf40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458454933.jpg?k=e4f4e047f1ed49863dabd7b1f9de5c4c91ec4c0c2523dd38540b048b60e2c295&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432686851.jpg?k=03283c4ef3704ab704361d7f3e9a61cd548fe286c6a23165fdc27a2f78fad8ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472585007.jpg?k=385dd7f0b961cedb2fb595c09e32cdb21fb492c6f31ed1f6fd0471339c948ac3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472584733.jpg?k=723f311dd9dbf0d46df233dd00414649b18cafbbe3892a96c203f2339d93b6fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472584634.jpg?k=e71bb904a3dc0da1c1951d256a001dfe3c59d10cfa5538271f73d5a466345649&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 100 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 250 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Akhter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Loved my stay here! The room was cozy, the view was amazing, and the breakfast was top-notch. Definitely coming back to this hotel when I'm in Kasmil again.”"\n  - name: "Ioana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Clean place. Cleaning was made every day.
Close to the beaches. Close to the centre of Ksamil. Big terrace.”"\n  - name: "Pedro"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The hotel is very well located , away from all the fuzz from the beachs hotels with partys during the night. I sugest that you rent a car for your rides.
The rooms are very good , and being a new hotel the rooms was very good . Breakfast was ok,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ajden-by-mira-mare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel boasts a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, complimentary private parking, a welcoming shared lounge, and a lively bar, ensuring that every aspect of the guest's stay is catered to. With a commitment to guest satisfaction, Hotel Ajden by Mira Mare also provides room service, a 24-hour front desk, and free WiFi throughout the property, all within an allergy-free environment.

Guest accommodations are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with bed linen and towels. For those desiring a picturesque view, select rooms offer balconies that open up to breathtaking sea vistas, while all guests can enjoy the urban landscape from their private terraces.

Morning starts on a high note at Hotel Ajden by Mira Mare with a choice of buffet or continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to attractions such as Puerto Rico Beach, just 600 meters away, and the historical Butrint National Park, a mere 3.6 km distance, positions it as an ideal base for discovering the beauty of the region.

For international travelers, the convenience of Corfu International Airport being only 93 km away makes Hotel Ajden by Mira Mare a compelling choice for those seeking a serene retreat by the Albanian Riviera.