---\ntitle: "Hotel Fieri"\ndescription: "In the heart of Fier, a stone's throw from the vibrant Mother Teresa Square, Hotel Fieri stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377038421.jpg?k=8552ba0af4b4348eb021183e94184ce78be682ab8b1f07eec5f658c2e12cd2b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-fieri\naddress: "Sheshi Nene Tereza , ne qender te Fierit., 9301 Fier, Albania"\ncity: "Fier"\nlocation: "Fier"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.72734617\n  lng: 19.56071734\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 152\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377038421.jpg?k=8552ba0af4b4348eb021183e94184ce78be682ab8b1f07eec5f658c2e12cd2b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257421431.jpg?k=b9b75ceea14f1d7085d078d611eb25c2de3adf67abc7f54c9fcf132752cad6d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257424436.jpg?k=ad275e2ee3ffdc3db631284443b5c32f5bb9a591435c37b0ae8f26e4c5207a7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257422076.jpg?k=a2c9e504089b10b41a603f0eef98347713c132286616bcd4185da0bbb254836e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257422869.jpg?k=e978be54118284689df57bbd1b38b1996c40abfe6ad400b6ff12474a425319d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257433294.jpg?k=4a9c728b1bf5d4e56c4a8b11ccf4d251cd5500c3aca0ed647810d39121418bdc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Economy Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Center 50 m"\n  - "C'est La Vie 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 76 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alyssia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice service. Clean room. Space and everythiing”"\n  - name: "Athina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The customer service was very good very friendly and helpful staff”"\n  - name: "Anula"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The manager Marko was very helpful and friendly. The hotel was perfect and the bar amazing with the best staff. The breakfast delicious. I recommend this place 100%. Will be back for sure”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fieri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Fieri is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning, sleek furniture, and essential gadgets. Guests can unwind with a variety of in-room entertainment options, including a flat-screen TV and a minibar, all while their belongings are neatly tucked away in a spacious wardrobe. The en-suite bathrooms are thoughtfully designed with a shower, bidet, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

Culinary experiences at the hotel are a delightful journey through local flavors and international favorites. The on-site restaurant prides itself on its menu that features traditional local dishes alongside Italian classics, catering to a wide range of palates. For those on business or hosting events, the hotel's business center and meeting facilities offer a seamless experience, complemented by additional services such as laundry, ironing, and room service.

Exploration is effortless from Hotel Fieri, with the ancient town of Appolonia just 7 km away, inviting guests to immerse themselves in history. The scenic drive to the sea coast in Vlore takes only 30 minutes, offering a quick escape to the beach. Moreover, the UNESCO-protected city of Berat is within easy reach, promising a memorable day trip.

Convenience is key at Hotel Fieri, with government offices, banks, and major companies just a few steps away. The main bus and train station is a mere 150 meters from the hotel, ensuring smooth travel plans. For those flying in or out, Mother Theresa Airport is 100 km away, making Hotel Fieri an ideal base for exploring the region or attending to business needs.