---\ntitle: "Hotel Realdo"\ndescription: "Hotel Realdo emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519465522.jpg?k=8c5ee2e1240f8d8bc56f27e2b96562b7f17827b47edf91c69418d51ac3d7f9fe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-realdo\naddress: "Rruga Sali Vranishti, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.40165301\n  lng: 19.47987883\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519465522.jpg?k=8c5ee2e1240f8d8bc56f27e2b96562b7f17827b47edf91c69418d51ac3d7f9fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519467335.jpg?k=a49280120b866029f22ae228e0933bef3c572b47d0d2da7b134dac2a95c75b3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519467464.jpg?k=b098ff0edbf30d75f4127cf1866a73727a9b72e20b3f4faedf3e30b9baca258c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520153589.jpg?k=0f6740b57af4d5e7f74816aa00b546d0328028e1a0fa55e759805434a2700b9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519467614.jpg?k=fd0947f9bfc6ac302c696fdb65dbcefc0c7d5e3c1c0e736224235fd10ba67baf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521500005.jpg?k=48adae9469e3af9ab8a22a56bafec2d224c49d633dc7e1e4a82b618e0420e72c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "RESTORANT DIONS 150 m"\n  - "Les Amis 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 4.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 8 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 95 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/realdo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBeyond its enviable location, Hotel Realdo prides itself on its array of amenities designed to enhance every stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi across the premises, complimentary private parking, and the unique perk of a private beach area perfect for those who seek a more exclusive seaside experience. Additionally, barbecue facilities are available, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely outdoor dining amidst the hotel's scenic surroundings.

Accommodations at Hotel Realdo are thoughtfully appointed to ensure maximum comfort. Each guest room is equipped with air conditioning, a refrigerator, and a stovetop, alongside a coffee machine for those morning refreshments. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and hairdryer, adds to the room's appeal, while the inclusion of a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV ensures guests feel right at home. Moreover, every room boasts a balcony, offering a personal oasis where guests can unwind and soak in the local ambiance.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its multilingual staff, proficient in English, Italian, and Macedonian, who are available around the clock at the reception to assist with any needs or inquiries guests may have.

Situated 8.9 km from Independence Square and 158 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Realdo not only promises a memorable stay but also ensures ease of travel to and from the property. For those in search of a hotel that combines strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and attentive service, Hotel Realdo stands out as a distinguished choice in Vlorë.