---\ntitle: "Hotel Turizem Shkelzeni"\ndescription: "Hotel Turizem Shkelzeni stands out as a beacon of comfort and hospitality in Bajram Curri, located a mere 45 km from the historic Visoki Dečani Monastery."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176703494.jpg?k=b04a2c2b69f0967893adbabe6246716308986e8a1a3c412987bdf30fb6fce732&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-turizem-shkelzeni\naddress: "Rruga Fatmir Hasandoci, nn, 8700 Bajram Curri, Albania"\ncity: "Bajram"\nlocation: "Bajram"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.35558497\n  lng: 20.07325262\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 64\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176703494.jpg?k=b04a2c2b69f0967893adbabe6246716308986e8a1a3c412987bdf30fb6fce732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156299726.jpg?k=785a6ce1b41e5aa498b13d127c819174d197fcf18ade87e505323e0ebb8ae9cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156297435.jpg?k=2fec1207b8a1b3526bae445146de04fa7ab461e405e03d4367c4bfdef9459187&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156297884.jpg?k=a1863ac4315b6ed9c4fce972052b22fa550f2c2eb5b57929df80a5fc35cfff2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156299669.jpg?k=613fd9c5368cdc3f37a72d62ae3a9bbb03e396e93e92dd867ee07ff4cd878704&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95339214.jpg?k=16d256668f53c33304e18d25d9cab1002ef0ef695c20c0039ef4b465b5b8ec7b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dardania 150 m"\n  - "Fisniku 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 800 m"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 17 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 67 km"\n  - "Pristina International Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This is a pleasant hotel only a short distance from the central part of Bajram Curri, which is not a big place. The town seems to be in poor shape economically and isn’t really a ”destination” in its own right, more a transit point for going on to...”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "Hong Kong"\n    text: "“Fantastic. A hotel with character and high ceilings and very comfortable rooms which seems to be the town's meeting place for dinner in the winter. I was only here for a one-night stopover en route from Kosovo to Greece but can't imagine there's a...”"\n  - name: "Hans"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Wir waren sehr positiv überrascht. Das Hotel ist sehr zu empfehlen. Besonders die Lage, das Personal und die Sauberkeit sind hervorzuheben”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turizem-shkelzeni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Turizem Shkelzeni are thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts such as air conditioning, a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels. The added luxury of a balcony offering city views or a patio in select rooms elevates the guest experience, allowing for private moments of relaxation amidst the bustling city life. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected, while the availability of a fridge in each room adds a touch of home.

Dining at the hotel is an experience in itself, with a restaurant that caters to a variety of tastes and a bar where guests can unwind with a drink. For those seeking a light snack, the snack bar is a perfect spot. Families visiting Hotel Turizem Shkelzeni will appreciate the children's playground, which promises fun and entertainment for the younger guests.

The hotel's reception is a hub of multilingual proficiency, offering services in German, English, and Italian, thereby ensuring that the needs of international guests are met with ease and efficiency.

Located 123 km from Pristina International Airport, Hotel Turizem Shkelzeni represents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and attentive service in the heart of Bajram Curri.