---\ntitle: "Hotel Selfo"\ndescription: "Hotel Selfo emerges as a charming retreat in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, offering a serene escape with its lush garden surroundings and the convenience of free private parking."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499159056.jpg?k=07a53806416208d815bceb2a081bd76f634b8cd8a79261d3c42e7b1ea35fb21a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-selfo\naddress: "Superstrada Gjirokastër - Janinë Kordhoce Gjirokaster Albania 3 km, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.04809425\n  lng: 20.17707322\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499159056.jpg?k=07a53806416208d815bceb2a081bd76f634b8cd8a79261d3c42e7b1ea35fb21a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493403644.jpg?k=781c19c07ac41f3ea196932a806108d5c7483e6e58cd57cc993c84b1f21a7738&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484525995.jpg?k=71eab6d1c2d840b16a39b0ebae4dce303d735d34b20a2d5e6c37a8cd9abb7d94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473805420.jpg?k=d312380bd794b909ed616e8b86ac512805125e9903f0ffc3b032ee347f1c59f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493404074.jpg?k=e7f0bf000f93617bec464959aa74eedae290743d88c848827c34f6dee2e82fc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502250745.jpg?k=8fd3d06b21c5224ed67ce24ecfc0c5afe1c6cf4742b1ef7c57c3d4db47171545&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Zgare Kujtimi 650 m"\n  - "Pizza Grill Rustikana 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 54 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 66 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sergey"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very good location if you drive by car - the hotel has a big free parking, and located in just a few minutes of driving from the old city with touristic attractions. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Breakfast is tasty and authentic, we...”"\n  - name: "Georgios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very friendly stuff,beautiful place,value for money”"\n  - name: "Yaroslav"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Good price and comfortable room
Tasty and variety breakfast Very kind and hospitality owners
Location is very comfortable with mountain view”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/selfo-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Selfo is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, ample storage with a wardrobe, and a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with all essentials, and the provision of a flat-screen TV, bed linen, and towels for the utmost convenience. Adding to the allure, rooms also include a seating area, perfect for relaxing after a day of exploration.

For those with a penchant for the outdoors, Hotel Selfo is ideally located. Guests have the opportunity to engage in a variety of activities, including fishing, in the picturesque surroundings of Gjirokastër. The property is a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake, just 38 km away, and the historic Monastery of Avel, located 47 km from the hotel, offering a perfect blend of natural beauty and cultural heritage.

Accessibility is seamless, with Ioannina Airport merely 77 km away, making Hotel Selfo an excellent choice for travelers seeking both convenience and a tranquil retreat.