---\ntitle: "Hotel Continental"\ndescription: "Hotel Continental emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465318254.jpg?k=a0f65c3b575b1e3a7e012cebcc25aa6565577ddb8e214154627c557fe2b97038&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-continental\naddress: "Mbikalimi Plepa, 4001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29643657\n  lng: 19.50787787\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 139\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 6.5\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465318254.jpg?k=a0f65c3b575b1e3a7e012cebcc25aa6565577ddb8e214154627c557fe2b97038&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306419702.jpg?k=6151b42b834a39ef2fd8817c1b0c7bcf574c6f3b2699a477e3c9ecbb97a0869a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381882227.jpg?k=3ff40af0dffcc98874c39f31814c5062f7ff6656705972826e16ce1671e0d6ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379477075.jpg?k=f634fabc0af0a95ce7987d3cb233ac039eaffe3e3e1a5f196b4c5721aa91e1b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379677565.jpg?k=b4684f5ed78da98f0d6ef52dfb8956588da42a1c44ccfc9836b32e556ee4ac34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307573731.jpg?k=fd01200288bfa97a5e8e52acd163321c807d67407bbd157eb40ef2cea7a91987&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 400 m"\n  - "Shpatat Shqiptare 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 500 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It’s a very nice hotel, with restaurant. The staff is really friendly and very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Zlatan"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Value for money above average.. staff was helpfull.. and everything was ok but conection with city durres.”"\n  - name: "Vullnet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location! The staff is very helpful and is so close to the beach . Breakfast is amazing. You should try. Is the best! Thank you Antela!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/continental-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Continental is a haven of relaxation, boasting air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days and a flat-screen TV for entertainment at any hour. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with either a bath or shower and a bidet, adds a touch of convenience, while the balcony present in every unit invites guests to enjoy their own slice of tranquility. For those seeking extra comfort, select rooms offer a sofa, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Beyond the confines of its rooms, Hotel Continental caters to leisure and convenience alike. Guests can enjoy a friendly game of billiards, an ideal way to relax and socialize within the hotel's premises. Moreover, the assurance of a 24-hour front desk means that assistance is always readily available, ensuring a worry-free stay.

Located 39 km from Tirana and a mere 36 km from Tirana Airport, Hotel Continental stands as a gateway for international travelers and those looking to delve into the heart of Albania. Whether it's the allure of Durrës's ancient sites or the modern convenience of on-site amenities, Hotel Continental offers a compelling blend of both, making it a standout choice for discerning guests.