---\ntitle: "Hotel Kamberi"\ndescription: "Hotel Kamberi, located in the charming town of Velipojë, stands out for its commitment to providing a comfortable and convenient stay for all its guests."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365151292.jpg?k=729786a806bb6a7a53a9057454e16f9f75a2661582766cc9b1e2b862ca31dfa5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kamberi\naddress: "Velipoje,Shkoder,Albania., 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86339496\n  lng: 19.40920204\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 245\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365151292.jpg?k=729786a806bb6a7a53a9057454e16f9f75a2661582766cc9b1e2b862ca31dfa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465868670.jpg?k=3a204760c8b8881a48630836b0bb9a5dd520e0df1672ad6f8626567ee05297db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465873011.jpg?k=0723f8bbc03176585674181338c035e901a878ce69f3b384a7c7977f1c4a50d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465718103.jpg?k=99b231e200d67fe2a72bfaedb54670dcc37863d2de19a5c7a3c95866b7736e26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465389654.jpg?k=cfa3e38f4d29ca64148df9ed4a0aa9a18b7bc3d92b2f050f7d397fbbb2d6abb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467276866.jpg?k=1821ae786a103a7f10e31334bee7000e111dac07f99039c2bbef393ea3b6a07e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467276734.jpg?k=e563332355283961091d750679d87d9824f63d91097b61d66d0fdeae73216513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466840125.jpg?k=5b98c3952d19bcb1f71fe96c03aaaba46d827b7800617f05b82c2ec1a18da69b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466589600.jpg?k=0c2b688eace4a6531e7c5d097a05c1969b10bf918a3a6535f459d36b1ed25882&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 18 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Familja 100 m"\n  - "Shoket Restorant 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 100 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 9 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 10 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 12 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 12 km"\n  - "Tropicana 12 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 13 km"\n  - "Saranda 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 14 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 55 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lusila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hotel Kamberi is the best. What I like most is the hospitality of the owners, the rooms are clean, all the facilities are functional , the location is perfect and a great breakfast is included as well. It feels like home! 🥰”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“We had a very nice clean room. It was nice to sleep on the bed, there is a great mattress. The air conditioner worked perfectly. From the balcony there is a beautiful view of the sea. We were fed very tasty breakfasts - it was a buffet, choose...”"\n  - name: "Tomas"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice bar/restaurant and shop, good view, big room, nice people. Family run business.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kamberi-a.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nUpon entering the air-conditioned accommodations, guests are greeted with a thoughtfully arranged seating area, perfect for unwinding. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The inclusion of a kitchen and dining area in the accommodations speaks volumes of the hotel's dedication to guests' comfort, allowing for a home-away-from-home experience. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with complimentary toiletries, a bath, and a bidet, adding a touch of luxury to the stay.

A unique feature of Hotel Kamberi is the selection of rooms offering garden views, which, combined with a personal terrace, allow guests to immerse themselves in the tranquility of their surroundings. The provision of a desk in each room caters to the needs of business travelers or those who wish to pen down their adventures.

For families, the hotel's children's playground is a delightful addition, ensuring that the little ones are entertained and have a memorable stay.

Situated 37 km from Bar and 18 km from Ulcinj, Hotel Kamberi offers a perfect base for exploring the region. Moreover, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 55 km away, makes it an ideal choice for both international visitors and locals looking for a getaway.

Hotel Kamberi emerges as a commendable choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and a touch of home in Velipojë.