---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Andi"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Andi stands as a serene retreat in Zvërnec, merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465812046.jpg?k=8b5c511528403c7457eb7673f199b72cc553da396131a5f77d094707ea384227&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-andi\naddress: "Rruga e Zvërnec, 9414 Zvërnec, Albania"\ncity: "Zvërnec"\nlocation: "Zvërnec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.50600538\n  lng: 19.41423649\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465812046.jpg?k=8b5c511528403c7457eb7673f199b72cc553da396131a5f77d094707ea384227&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490782275.jpg?k=dbb1b9737ddd0fe9d72740ec7b68c2b50b86f00201e419d5b2f3c85beb377d17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490783560.jpg?k=a9fa8077231bdfb6ee6074bea84563b4b64db8ba1fe25621cfb78e0cbf6d704b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465812072.jpg?k=a2586a1cbef4da0010d90ba81aaf4126df205c6e5f3eba4b70781cfc18ef611a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466087183.jpg?k=44272f8e971adbe7761ebe55894bfdae13388cbdc8c4ad05a5cc286df4147ab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490783150.jpg?k=2218b273c6773a30050f65939b452fac92ab0225e81d581b04ab31204a123117&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Natyra 200 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Alimuci 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Narta Beach 800 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 6 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Good location. Friendly staff was waiting for our late check-in. Parking available.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Hotel Vila Andi was really amazing experience. Super clean apartments, very kind host, we had great time together. Many nice restaurants to go for a fresh tasty dinner. We highly recommend! 🤗😍👌💯”"\n  - name: "Elisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Fantastic experience to stay in this villa close to the beach. Room and outdoor area with all services, excellent accommodation surrounded by exclusive greenery, a few steps from the sandy beach. Friendly and polite family business.
Recommended...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-andi-zvernec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Vila Andi is a haven of relaxation, boasting patios that open up to tranquil garden views, ensuring a stay that reconnects guests with nature. The interiors are thoughtfully designed, featuring flat-screen TVs for entertainment, private bathrooms for convenience, and balconies that present breathtaking sea views, promising a memorable backdrop to every moment spent here.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, ready to offer insightful advice and ensure a seamless experience for every guest. Whether it's assistance with local attractions or recommendations for dining, the team at Hotel Vila Andi is dedicated to enriching your stay.

For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 154 km away, making Hotel Vila Andi an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a tranquil escape by the sea.