---\ntitle: "Hotel Bar Restaurant Triumf Shengjin"\ndescription: "Hotel Bar Restaurant Triumf Shengjin emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience on their visit to Shëngjin."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387896979.jpg?k=f4b31a54dfac387f79112d7e363a00d9cd5abba58752f7eb34f3a0324a98ad5c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bar-restaurant-triumf-shengjin\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune Lagjia Fran Ivanaj, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80190538\n  lng: 19.60105122\nprice: "US$74"\npriceFrom: 74\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 193\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387896979.jpg?k=f4b31a54dfac387f79112d7e363a00d9cd5abba58752f7eb34f3a0324a98ad5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268634617.jpg?k=c12173b9365604f7f9969269b6ba4ead8e84ddf0801ae7c89f65179a1b691cc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292157850.jpg?k=9c7e298b84f73166f46db76583c9df1ec2f665d5c2f699e1885d52d2478d247a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263859787.jpg?k=79ca7bf05c6ccf981c8f5d7eb8a989595e43cfdf781c01d75309a76f3374042a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265208823.jpg?k=836cf7222b43ad2ae365f4e1fee5ba830bbf0c27f8a81f705260ca4777328e06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265208836.jpg?k=4d86743802325e96bb0229c552d605ee823b72a606b630fbad83c29725b56155&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265208663.jpg?k=52f68c9e24a85d10575c15e3f620a39b6e6d817417744d1b0bf7a09bcb3409a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265209499.jpg?k=09f454b9dc1ed04213fa24950e35b04e3a1fd54f572196e417cb6b9e6574b6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263859349.jpg?k=63af85b629e38491925729dbf081ee81070241dbb0f0f6d57ddc9fb359772a47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265209367.jpg?k=6c8f3ce797ae197ecddb432747ce34445636943d9178a2e291bf9ed94a510a22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268944129.jpg?k=f26500f1d3b6df665273957b056417419f2ccc7dd92315ac0b33b3bbf80bfcdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268944131.jpg?k=e0357a38a8e3a9d0a2fa60f1fcb070fc55b8bf51e2947de69728c8e4b1c0868e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Spa Bath"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Comfort Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Side Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla M&N 100 m"\n  - "Ara Shengjin 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 250 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 67 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Djukic"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The breakfast exceeded our expectations. The food was warm and delicious. The location was great, near the beach, various restaurants and small shops.”"\n  - name: "Ashley"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Exceeded my expectations. Free underground carpark is great in such a busy area.
Staff were so helpful and friendly.
Usually hotel restaurants in places like this aren't great but the food was fantastic. The roof top pool is big enough and the...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Everything was nice,Hotel is great and very clean. Just 4.years old. Over the street beach...Next to Hotel Supermarket. Better can not be...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/triumf-shengjin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are welcomed into a world where their needs are anticipated and met with the utmost attention. The hotel boasts a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, perfect for a refreshing dip under the sun, alongside complimentary private parking, ensuring ease of access for those arriving by car. The terrace offers a serene spot for relaxation, while the on-site restaurant serves a variety of delectable dishes, catering to diverse palates.

Accommodations at Hotel Bar Restaurant Triumf Shengjin are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a balcony allows guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space, while the en-suite bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience. A fridge in every room ensures that refreshments are always within reach.

Mornings at the hotel start on a high note with a continental breakfast, setting guests up for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those in need of professional services, the hotel provides ironing, fax, and photocopying facilities, seamlessly blending leisure with business needs.

Situated a mere 200 meters from Ylberi Beach and within a reasonable distance from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, the hotel's location allows guests to easily explore the local area's attractions. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 49 km away, makes Hotel Bar Restaurant Triumf Shengjin an accessible gateway to the wonders of Shëngjin and beyond.

In summary, Hotel Bar Restaurant Triumf Shengjin stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a harmonious blend of leisure and luxury in the heart of Shëngjin.