---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Mimani"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Mimani emerges as a distinguished 4-star retreat in the historic heart of Berat, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed accommodations and thoughtful amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402521646.jpg?k=3f9d783f19bec9f6cf83b0895871653d380a7f7290ebba4bef843e611e5bb0d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-mimani\naddress: "Rruga Thoma Bello Lagjia 30 Vjetori, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.7000605\n  lng: 19.96567324\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 258\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402521646.jpg?k=3f9d783f19bec9f6cf83b0895871653d380a7f7290ebba4bef843e611e5bb0d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428855961.jpg?k=b155772ff6c199e9db1ada752efe971a58d34f3446841867cb14c156adbed50a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428829474.jpg?k=797085562917f0bea4a63d38fe49bc8b618e21f9658538ed530daa9c684bb79a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428857061.jpg?k=dc1ede727aeed8528b2a3627654d328013d66556f0b5585b5b3fdfadca9d9c40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428829333.jpg?k=965684a0888b93b687e8984786fa79e3b2ed41940293c86c4d43d485f00c69a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428855428.jpg?k=0e5b5c3f4ee724561f4ebb5b8c8f071783b1d7db77ea6963e15a3c1938de0c56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Driloni 100 m"\n  - "Fatos Bajraktari 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abhishek"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice room. Enjoyed the breakfast. Very friendly owners.”"\n  - name: "Lasma"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Perfect, clean hotel and kind personal. Smells super nice. Super good breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Alice"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This hotel was lovely and clean, with a beautiful courtyard. The breakfast was also exceptional! The staff were lovely too - thank you for a great stay in Berat!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mimani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Vila Mimani is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk, a safety deposit box, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a patio in every room adds a touch of elegance, allowing guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space. Bathrooms are modern and equipped with a bidet, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. Additionally, the convenience of having a fridge in every room caters to the needs of guests preferring to keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, with reception services available in English, Italian, and Albanian, ensuring a warm welcome and effortless communication for guests from around the globe.

Situated 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Vila Mimani is an accessible choice for travelers seeking a serene escape in Berat, enriched by the beauty of its garden and the charm of its surroundings.