---\ntitle: "Hotel 1 Maji"\ndescription: "1 Maji Hotel stands as a serene oasis right on the shores of Ohrid Lake, boasting its very own private beach area for guests to enjoy."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131766502.jpg?k=4a7ab2c27141b15176d6510c0188772c325948d21a506126392d41d37da7ff4e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-1-maji\naddress: "Deshmoret e Pojskes, 15, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90128695\n  lng: 20.67289531\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 85\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131766502.jpg?k=4a7ab2c27141b15176d6510c0188772c325948d21a506126392d41d37da7ff4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509547392.jpg?k=b2513e0ae6019691debca561a491001ca380bf369f9c086063bf86153df8f27f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509547317.jpg?k=f9b8314a2f7a75b01887ed5f4a0a2d834cff896cec84283931cebb697051ee8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131851382.jpg?k=b48c6a58b0e03df0d5f9d152f1168c78cbd9286db2e931779d5e522e833b7d2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509546973.jpg?k=02b712875b6c7636fd4d6e1ba0246142788b9ab82a85bb38c6f187e59c7a6b81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509547043.jpg?k=fcfca30d6e59c1a886c8c7619a04a278e51837dd440d77522c32437c8c535465&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Suite"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Queen Suite"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Presidential Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "1 Maji Restorant 7 m"\n  - "Kafe Ani 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 400 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 13 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Food was excellent and inexpensive. Rooms big with excellent view and great location.”"\n  - name: "Skender"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Nice hotel and location. Comfortable for family , spacious rooms and clean.”"\n  - name: "Chresten"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“Breakfast was nice. Juice too sweet for our taste.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-maji.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nEach room at 1 Maji Hotel is a testament to comfort and convenience, equipped with a flat-screen cable TV, fridge, and desk. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with modern showers, hairdryers, and fresh towels, ensuring a refreshing start and end to each day. The hotel prides itself on its 24-hour front desk, ready to cater to guests' needs at any hour.

Dining at the hotel is an international affair, with an on-site restaurant that serves a variety of dishes to please any palate. For those looking to explore local flavors, Podragec's center, where the hotel is strategically located, offers an array of dining options and shops within easy walking distance.

For the adventurous at heart, 1 Maji Hotel serves as an ideal base to explore the nearby attractions. Podgradec Castle is just a short drive away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history, while the natural beauty of Galicica National Park, located 13 km away, is not to be missed. Additionally, the Main Bus Station is conveniently situated 500 meters from the hotel, facilitating exploration of the surrounding area.

1 Maji Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Podragec.