---\ntitle: "Hotel Bujtina e Bardhe"\ndescription: "Hotel Bujtina e Bardhe emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Korçë, offering breathtaking mountain views and a cozy atmosphere that captivates guests from the moment they arrive."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86056295.jpg?k=df6bb62613033838536bf201b74347992cc10b658df7cf65463aa4ec43130eb2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bujtina-e-bardhe\naddress: "Rruga Spiro Ballkameni, Mbrapa Katedrales,, 7003 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61548357\n  lng: 20.78112245\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 506\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86056295.jpg?k=df6bb62613033838536bf201b74347992cc10b658df7cf65463aa4ec43130eb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97735491.jpg?k=59e25f881067cf24fa434b97a7964f9a9914ef9cb55f9e307c4c892902f7b0db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86057744.jpg?k=b761dc93166b1586d342f1ab9d119c5796159f1bf5d83a390d613d8130ec5a17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86317420.jpg?k=b4ba525217d561630265a00e92be742b72a30bdb44a3ced6cfec3d2fa5179b36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97737729.jpg?k=edadbd9e551bb3be7232698bf69e25fa2ffce6b558c3057e13b972a471591da8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/86055776.jpg?k=eb273273d33c31192923b43086447b44b933759576495e65578f0d0dbd4dda45&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 1 50 m"\n  - "Grill Vasport 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 150 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 350 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mateo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect location, cozy atmosphere, friendly staff, amazing view from the room's window, private parking, and the list goes on. Overall, I'd recommend choosing \"Bujtina e Bardhë\" for a few amazing days in Korça.”"\n  - name: "Kareno1979"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Lovely hotel in the centre of Korce, the staff were very nice and welcoming and the hotel very comfortable”"\n  - name: "Krisela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is great. The host was very helpful and I was given an upgrade to a better room without even asking, just because it was available. Breakfast is abundant and very good. Internet worked fine. There was always a pot of hot mountain tea...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-e-bardhe.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest comfort, providing round-the-clock front desk service and ensuring seamless connectivity with complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. Each guest room is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, ample storage with a wardrobe, and the modern convenience of a flat-screen TV. Select accommodations further delight guests with a patio, offering a private outdoor space to enjoy the serene surroundings.

Situated just a stone's throw away from the natural wonder of Ohrid Lake Springs, 44 km to be precise, and a mere 43 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum, Hotel Bujtina e Bardhe serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the region's natural beauty and cultural heritage. For those traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is conveniently located 71 km away, making the hotel an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

In essence, Hotel Bujtina e Bardhe stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm in Korçë.