---\ntitle: "Hotel Victoria Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Victoria Tirana, a gem in the heart of the city that offers more than just a place to stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/52251180.jpg?k=5d6439039732b2eb11da88b998393e0a92b68f1295e0ca1c87c8f45b4b125e8f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-victoria-tirana\naddress: "St. Dibres no. 331/1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34107986\n  lng: 19.83101159\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 155\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/52251180.jpg?k=5d6439039732b2eb11da88b998393e0a92b68f1295e0ca1c87c8f45b4b125e8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51266921.jpg?k=74019f8877d1daab3a5f7099619fa7fa505a7228d3bb48426916d600bfbddc8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/52512629.jpg?k=ac0e23f93f14aee6e22cdbc0b6d05adb6c19c58c289045a2fbc567502fe100f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/24616826.jpg?k=887b259b84d0a06aec7ed7c34eb5bfec09add117c1b743f3d1e276670cd1aa00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51264669.jpg?k=10eecc24eec2d384362bad42ddcb010a323035f4e1b7c17107323f66efe0f5e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/50794835.jpg?k=5ae62ec90394168c0f7ada051385074d21f4ce1a3ecc125c741479707c9b67b6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Free Airport Transfer"\n  - "Double Room with Free Dinner"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Viktoria 9 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 900 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Musaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff was amazing
Reception , janitor, chef, waiters were all amazing.”"\n  - name: "Vahid"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Our stay there went very smooth thanks to the people working there. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the food is tasty and breakfast too. They even baked gluten free cake for us, so much appreciated.”"\n  - name: "Stefan"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“the bed and the girl from the stuff named Angela, she was very kind always wanted to help us”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/victoria-tirana-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Business"\nbestCategories: "Business"\ncategory: "Business"\n---\n\nThe Big Floor 5 Bar & Restaurant, located within the hotel, is a highlight, offering guests the chance to enjoy delicious cuisine while taking in breathtaking views of Tirana's bustling city center. Whether you're in the mood for a casual drink or a full meal, this spot has something for everyone.

Each room at Hotel Victoria is a study in elegance, boasting air conditioning, a well-stocked minibar, and satellite TV for your entertainment needs. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with either a bath or shower, alongside thoughtful amenities like a hairdryer and slippers to make your stay as comfortable as possible.

For those visiting on business, the hotel's conference center is unparalleled in Albania. Featuring modern equipment and capable of accommodating up to 70 participants, it's the perfect venue for meetings and events.

The hotel's location is ideal for both leisure and business travelers. Situated within walking distance of several foreign embassies and major business institutions, as well as a lively part of town known for its nightlife and just 1 km from Skanderbeg Square, guests have the best of Tirana at their fingertips. Additionally, Tirana Airport is a mere 12 km away, and the coastal town of Durrës is just a 25-minute drive, making Hotel Victoria an excellent base for exploring the wider area.

In summary, Hotel Victoria Tirana offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and elegance, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.