---\ntitle: "Hotel Klajvi - Shengjin"\ndescription: "Hotel Klajvi - Shengjin emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in the heart of Shëngjin."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475858333.jpg?k=33ae753db45d2c4d17871b461959003328b99e2a46d6a5321d409cd38cf4e2b5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-klajvi-shengjin\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.79832724\n  lng: 19.61190799\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475858333.jpg?k=33ae753db45d2c4d17871b461959003328b99e2a46d6a5321d409cd38cf4e2b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475853396.jpg?k=a1858d265bfb18218940a717ee9b1fbd697291cf2fb56adbf06de51e0800f288&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475854027.jpg?k=5adbe77d854feff23e3c020dfbd8a2df30c7de2bab21383a3a4ed238d7d65629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475852860.jpg?k=81659d490fde91f9777d00396bda4f08323dbc16a6a7068147d80d14b908fe83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475852826.jpg?k=8af73098b0e9aca7839e63ceae48a43d547e82b29ee2454e4778b22e7991d77f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475858330.jpg?k=dbcc54199c3bbe69e34866f241c2f812b85872d6e34e817f3b75eb3fa9a1e676&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rapsodia 850 m"\n  - "Restorant Brazili 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 850 m"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 950 m"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 42 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 68 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/klajvi-shengjin-shengjin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's proximity to significant landmarks, such as the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, 40 km away, and the natural beauty of Lake Skadar, 42 km distant, positions it as an ideal spot for explorers eager to uncover the rich tapestry of the region's history and natural wonders. Furthermore, the allure of Shëngjin Beach, only 1.4 km from the hotel, offers an easy escape to one of the area's most beloved coastlines.

Accommodations at Hotel Klajvi - Shengjin are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony, providing a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy the fresh air and, in some cases, captivating views of the lake. Modern amenities, including air conditioning and flat-screen TVs, complement the rooms' airy and welcoming ambiance. The convenience of free WiFi and ensuite bathrooms equipped with showers adds to the seamless experience of staying at this hotel.

Guests of Hotel Klajvi - Shengjin are also treated to the convenience of complimentary private parking, making it easy for those traveling by car to explore the surrounding area without hassle. The on-site garden, restaurant, and bar enhance the stay by offering delightful spaces to relax and savor local cuisine and drinks.

For those flying into the region, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 46 km from the hotel, making it a straightforward journey for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Hotel Klajvi - Shengjin presents a compelling choice for guests looking for a comfortable, convenient, and clean place to stay while exploring the enchanting sights and sounds of Shëngjin and beyond.