---\ntitle: "Hotel Boutique Vila 8"\ndescription: "Hotel Boutique Vila 8 stands as a distinguished retreat in Durrës, a mere stone's throw away from the serene Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114001509.jpg?k=3c187fab352dd90ae127dcf24ba2d88246815acdd48757cf60f0a7e4f5dda8b6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-boutique-vila-8\naddress: "Bulevardi Epidamn, Dom Nikoll Kacorri 7, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31191941\n  lng: 19.44662975\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 333\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114001509.jpg?k=3c187fab352dd90ae127dcf24ba2d88246815acdd48757cf60f0a7e4f5dda8b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365511434.jpg?k=a96ce299d15043d55ae6ca1284c56bb6c050ac509af1f23310f85a6e3da70ab2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114001541.jpg?k=2811ad6f4e87babcdd940686f7db9e648be7cd9820cc86108aa52b33796126d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114001478.jpg?k=2b742420525864dbe2e4f846dedfe8fdb7a5765e136ac6b438ef2a507930ae71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114001515.jpg?k=61982ea03f0ec40c07b5886927989a445d6fac6800d825429f864fd982000e33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253774454.jpg?k=8272595e67de6c2581d7b1587748013c1ec0b0cdb4860a2bb443f2900af38562&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Boss Tetova 40 m"\n  - "Luna 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 350 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 150 m"\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 450 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 650 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1,000 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location, good size family room, clean riom, comfy bed and beautiful decor”"\n  - name: "Flavia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything about the hotel was exceptional! For me it's important to feel good at the place i'm staying , and the staff of the hotel made me feel at home. They were welcoming, lovely attentive and with efficient serving! Room itself was ...”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was so clean,friendly staff and delicious breakfast. Service 10/10 and the location also.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-vila-8.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Boutique Vila 8 is thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Work and relaxation are equally catered to with well-appointed desks and air conditioning in every room. The inclusion of a private bathroom, equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For those who delight in the small pleasures, select rooms boast balconies, offering a private space to unwind. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and plush towels, enhancing the overall experience.

Located just a short drive from the vibrant Durres Beach and the historic Skanderbeg Square, Hotel Boutique Vila 8 serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich tapestry of Durrës. For guests arriving from afar, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 34 km away, makes for a convenient travel connection.

Hotel Boutique Vila 8 emerges as a beacon of comfort and elegance, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Durrës.