---\ntitle: "Hotel Blue Sky"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Blue Sky, a gem located just 2 km from the bustling heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462523196.jpg?k=51cc19dfcb868b6c1ea964559009e9fe108cbf0f6c12e418f5f4d6321c3d0880&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-blue-sky\naddress: "2nd Km Saranda - Butrinti Road Kanali Cukes, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85321248\n  lng: 20.02294779\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 120\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462523196.jpg?k=51cc19dfcb868b6c1ea964559009e9fe108cbf0f6c12e418f5f4d6321c3d0880&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154935470.jpg?k=273ca8c640d7c9e7e58eff3912e7a0fdb4414b21a1ec4ec8f111d19adee26493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462524210.jpg?k=bc175992887de13f733de9ef58738c4d69ae4669ede68e297a780bea3f4f41cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462523639.jpg?k=2e373129272d59cda76b6867080ab8a88c1086233d10ef0df774893943b1077b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462524189.jpg?k=2fbae9ad8c0d57d20ef8d02d60fb0e67bf323a6ad168fc7d76633eb9a79da639&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/53557514.jpg?k=5010f4bf4327a2d4062ed50c23a47e509bbf35a5aeca85fe8525d748589d366f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462523545.jpg?k=33943904e66380906071f427d740e92fa4dbf73c81fcbc4d8f75d84accc06f04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462524060.jpg?k=089712b2a64d8d5491521c05289a332b97a0319a39fc09a67b6071f603de7d53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462523128.jpg?k=1d1c1fa667400ade420acb57f6678a721aede541160ad84a3307be86eae90d27&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 100 m"\n  - "La Cueva 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 250 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 650 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 400 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Urim"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Very nice staff. Everything was nice except for what is written in the over....”"\n  - name: "Dina"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Very helpful staff and nice rooms. I would definitely come back. Highly reccomended”"\n  - name: "Alketa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel is quiet and very clean. Breakfast was great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-sky.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon entering any of the meticulously designed rooms, guests are greeted with modern comforts including air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite TV, ample wardrobe space, a minibar, and a desk. The highlight, however, is the private bathroom complemented by a shower, and a balcony that either offers a serene mountain view or a captivating seascape.

Connectivity is never an issue at Hotel Blue Sky, with complimentary WiFi enveloping the entire property. Mornings here start with a delightful breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those traveling by car, the convenience of free parking is an added bonus.

Situated a mere 4 km from the historical intrigue of Sarandë Castle and within a 15 km radius of the Butrint Archaeological Park, the hotel serves as an ideal base for cultural excursions. Beach lovers will appreciate the proximity to Ksamil and its pristine beaches, just 10 km away. For guests looking to venture further, the hotel is conveniently located near a bus stop offering frequent services to the city center, and the Sarandë Ferry Port, 4 km away, provides easy access to Corfu Town. Himara is also within reach at 55 km, offering another destination for day trips.

Hotel Blue Sky stands out not just for its prime location and views but also for its commitment to providing a comfortable and convenient stay for all guests. Whether you're in Sarandë for its beaches, history, or simply to unwind, Hotel Blue Sky offers an experience that combines the best of hospitality and scenic beauty.