---\ntitle: "Hotel De Luna"\ndescription: "Hotel De Luna stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257894359.jpg?k=53b7f90f40e2566720967e2c1e802176effc08cae02b72e2eb9386d4e3af1287&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-de-luna\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9700 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76745243\n  lng: 19.99810192\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 157\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257894359.jpg?k=53b7f90f40e2566720967e2c1e802176effc08cae02b72e2eb9386d4e3af1287&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395264330.jpg?k=de13381f40531ef922efbc0d2fce132fe761f967463871fcf45eff9495d8ff98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295535071.jpg?k=f090837770cac927e68139914ea6921692ea196fda3611f37e1b1a7de91c0487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395264306.jpg?k=db9f582ebd33a43ca445d4174507bbd61ef77b3c48bc7bc63a87b0afd17265e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395264337.jpg?k=3a763a88343f9ac893af66e08135349410bd6d63ee9829dccb37e42f85cb5b40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151860902.jpg?k=0718e951a1dc78051da097071902077122cfe7616cd7e3ee6353b79fea714c81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295535035.jpg?k=585a3f4662b9dcd0d7542157dc61877928026851dd94d4041fee8754938e0ae5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395264301.jpg?k=217bba72e1602d6fec5098b189bb45bac9961ed4f68cf071461a7a2f22bfa9c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257894231.jpg?k=84cc361cc39dffa535153bedab361c1beb16cac24af5a18a045c0241d0e5cfeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400839730.jpg?k=33fcbfddbe95610a46aafa1ee5067a3cdeba4358e2bd300e25678405acb3a7e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400839729.jpg?k=57a0d49ea55b2ed28320b2583c0375155512ece8e543059608511781ad2e355f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295534950.jpg?k=727b4fb5e3c6e512ac39ccd136859dd7dd1106e752ec714f36419bb290294d6c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sailors 8 m"\n  - "Visit Ksamil 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 10 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jacob"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very close to the beaches. Private parking was perfect so we did not have any issues there. Lovely stay in a comfertable room!”"\n  - name: "Tatjana"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“Perfect location close to the beach. Good breakfast and great restaurant! The food was delicious.”"\n  - name: "Francesca"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful views of the sea.
Great location, walking distance to all the beaches in Ksamil and good distance to bars so you can reach them easily on foot but not too loud from the room.
Amazing breakfast and really helpful staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/de-luna.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is a breeze at Hotel De Luna, thanks to the complimentary WiFi available throughout the property. For those who value convenience, the hotel's 24-hour front desk and room service ensure needs are met at any hour. Moreover, the allergy-free environment promises a comfortable stay for all guests.

Accommodations at Hotel De Luna are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with bed linen and towels, adds to the convenience. Guests will appreciate the added luxury of a balcony, offering city views that bring the vibrancy of Ksamil to your doorstep. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a kitchen, complete with an oven and stovetop, not to mention a fridge for added convenience.

Mornings at Hotel De Luna are greeted with a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those looking to explore the area, bike and car hire services are readily available, making it easy to venture into the popular hiking and fishing spots nearby.

The hotel's proximity to notable attractions, including Lori Beach just 500 meters away and the historic Butrint National Park within 2.9 km, positions it as an ideal base for discovering the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is accessible, located 93 km from the hotel, ensuring a smooth journey to and from this exceptional destination.

In summary, Hotel De Luna offers a harmonious blend of location, amenities, and service, making it a compelling choice for those visiting Ksamil.