---\ntitle: "Hotel Kompleks Joni"\ndescription: "Hotel Kompleks Joni stands as a serene retreat on the Ionian Sea's edge, boasting terraces that offer breathtaking views of Corfu Island."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364319500.jpg?k=b12d464370efb9476a9ff53b9696640c294240d6b35f5c19957256ccad61e062&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kompleks-joni\naddress: "Rr: Mitat Hoxha, Lagja 4, 1000 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87049852\n  lng: 19.99530494\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 145\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364319500.jpg?k=b12d464370efb9476a9ff53b9696640c294240d6b35f5c19957256ccad61e062&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449974936.jpg?k=830881f28ff4a26e91f72c25325dcb84bb3d6079020319cce7d8034d6ffd82e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449975114.jpg?k=6fc59721cecc74e83f242ec7e38bbd2d2fcb1c643c305676072f3ff62dc4ab46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197252687.jpg?k=d111a54bea4981c5ba4065d38b1ad28fd87f4b087b2bdfb4f9c9c9e2fa115184&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364319505.jpg?k=643555e6d282c32f1a19c640ca1571171ba54396b87cef76f2f4a9ed9dc83a83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364316633.jpg?k=412cf78acf4e325fc7700cad75b8f9fd15db3688dd9dc13d5249c5457f85442c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449974688.jpg?k=62f963404db23af3135dcef45199c6bc41f346541ba2caa879001e8a7f9d3b6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364319529.jpg?k=1239480256918c5667c82ef54e3e8e65d8657bc7a95995dc8b75981b7719c893&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197011988.jpg?k=d82220511f1c51c9fee3f1ec7f8400122d637ffb3e5867da55474c77cef368d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 30 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nandya"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Breakfast and the location is good close to the supermarkt, 15 minutes walk to the centre. The owner and the staff very friendly and helpful. They showed us the best places to visit around Saranda & the transportation to get there.
A big thank...”"\n  - name: "Jonatan"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The staff was really helpful and the service is great. Location is perfect with many restaurants around. Private beach with sunbeds included.”"\n  - name: "Dario"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“We went to this hotel after we had some issues with the previous booking. The staff was very kind and welcoming. The view from our room was very nice and the owner, Jason, even helped us with his car to get to the pharmacy to pick up some medication.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kompleks-joni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Hotel Kompleks Joni is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning and a private balcony that presents a stunning seascape. The accommodations are thoughtfully furnished with essential amenities, including a wardrobe, television, and an en-suite bathroom equipped with a shower, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with tranquility.

Mornings at Hotel Kompleks Joni begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation. The on-site restaurant invites guests to savor a variety of culinary creations, while the bar serves as a cozy spot for unwinding with a refreshing drink.

Beyond the comforts of its rooms, Hotel Kompleks Joni enriches the guest experience with exclusive access to a private beach area, promising undisturbed moments by the sea. The 24-hour reception ensures assistance is always at hand, and the tour desk is ready to curate memorable excursions, offering tours in Russian, English, and Greek to cater to a diverse clientele. A leisurely 10-minute walk leads to the Sarandë Promenade, a picturesque setting for evening strolls.

Hotel Kompleks Joni emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of serene seaside living and the convenience of proximity to urban delights.