---\ntitle: "Hotel Bologna"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Bologna, a modern gem situated a mere stone's throw from the beach, offering guests breathtaking sea views right from their rooms."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/15122745.jpg?k=dc695f2c9060bc34390c2acf8545c05f04315abad77fcdb7004bf62886869225&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bologna\naddress: "Ismail Qemali Street, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45132933\n  lng: 19.48654622\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 382\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 7.7\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 7.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/15122745.jpg?k=dc695f2c9060bc34390c2acf8545c05f04315abad77fcdb7004bf62886869225&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/16334890.jpg?k=54c8eca53bc372887092630fc085f9663750711ebf6ef2f5689084bc808a260b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244926842.jpg?k=19944faa7958a70ecef5cad4125e4b90d97cbe61e9f07c9c3988ac53b237ef25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244928562.jpg?k=d1539d6c1b76e026d974a6bbeca507156e7e3d7af3fd0ca5f3055b09d00c8d93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/16344872.jpg?k=f3d6a04fa6181d5a4bc3fb4d9a5aa2aed19b407145dc360ef584b6fd49084deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47333207.jpg?k=379f48550b310df1fa1f5c52f8423d3d143c4b82f597e8aa9c343ba730927a6f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arjoli 100 m"\n  - "New Station Beer 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 450 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Greta"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Firstly, the location was excellent, making it convenient to explore the city. The breakfast was also very good. The staff was helpful and kind. My room was amazing with a beautiful view looking at sea”"\n  - name: "Elisabeta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location and the view from the room were excellent!! The breakfast was really good. It wasn’t too big as a hotel which is nicer for us. The staff was very nice. Parking space was also good. We loved the view mostly and the fact that we could...”"\n  - name: "Suzy"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“You got what is advertised. Beautiful place and nice staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bologna.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room in Hotel Bologna is a haven of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning, LCD cable TVs, and thoughtfully designed seating areas complete with a desk and chair for those moments when you need to catch up on work or simply unwind. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, ensuring privacy and convenience. Moreover, accessibility is a priority, with select rooms designed to accommodate guests in wheelchairs without compromising on style or comfort.

Strategically positioned in the heart of the city, Hotel Bologna is not just about its stunning views and luxurious amenities. It's a place where modernity meets convenience, offering guests free Wi-Fi to stay connected and secure parking monitored round the clock for peace of mind. Adding to its appeal is the Independence Museum, a cultural treasure, located just next door, inviting guests to explore the rich history of the area.

Hotel Bologna stands out as a newly opened establishment, ready to welcome guests who seek a blend of modern luxury, convenience, and a touch of history during their stay.