---\ntitle: "Hotel Villa Fernando Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Villa Fernando Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of traditional charm and modern comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22249925.jpg?k=5fdc05c52d9aef52e06ebf4fed1c03f741994f2e78d974428cfbf88b29f3a467&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-fernando-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Bardhyl 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3393641\n  lng: 19.82945591\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 293\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22249925.jpg?k=5fdc05c52d9aef52e06ebf4fed1c03f741994f2e78d974428cfbf88b29f3a467&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114617615.jpg?k=2e7d1a08ee12bb7a78281939d846fa201485b3b2514ff8c98990cf76e6133b99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/31194371.jpg?k=819c9aacf4c5917cb8e6296f4932d09d315b2c14235f425a4ee433094ae45cea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/22238253.jpg?k=6589424333a6af5ad6869cc5c513c0fe082c25aee862bd661c784df601b702a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451077507.jpg?k=c05f49bd9f799fca12ef60313e7cd41c7a70db20484c92d24d48cfb9da8565d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102643861.jpg?k=93520228729c09c28c3e970cbca667a6385ed7cefddb0f50c2b64f7fc18f0869&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 10 m"\n  - "Friends 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owner of this hotel is incredible. She is so welcoming and helpful with all her advice. She makes you feel like one of her family. Even when she took a holiday herself, she was still checking on us. She organised our taxi back to the airport....”"\n  - name: "Florie"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay thanks to Arta, a great host! She gave us very good tips to visit Tirana and even drew us a map by hand. You can easily go to the center by foot or by bus. We also appreciated the breakfast where she made us try Albanian...”"\n  - name: "Johanna"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“First and most, this was our first visit to Albania and Tirana. To be welcomed by Arta who runnes the hotel was such a pleasure and it made our stay so valuable. She helped us with everything practical but even more important she told us about...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-vila-fernando.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\nbestCategories: "Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\ncategory: "Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into spacious rooms that boast a unique vintage aesthetic, complemented by contemporary amenities such as air conditioning, flat-screen satellite TVs, safes, and minibars. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, each equipped with a shower, ensuring a stay that marries comfort with convenience. Select accommodations also feature furnished balconies, offering a serene spot to unwind.

The hotel's dedication to guest satisfaction is evident in its round-the-clock front desk service, alongside the availability of an aperitif bar, a snack bar, and a cozy lounge area outfitted with a large TV. Mornings at Villa Fernando are greeted with a buffet-style breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation.

Situated merely 1.5 km from Skenderberg Square, the hotel serves as an ideal base for guests eager to explore Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions, including the Old Town, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the National Arts Gallery. Convenience is further enhanced by the public bus stop directly in front of the hotel and proximity to the Main Bus Station, ensuring easy access to the wider city and beyond. For those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is just 13 km away, with airport shuttle services available for a seamless connection.

Hotel Villa Fernando Tirana stands out as a testament to the allure of Tirana, offering a stay that is as comfortable as it is culturally enriching.