---\ntitle: "Hotel Labiatan"\ndescription: "Hotel Labiatan emerges as a distinguished 3-star haven in Zogaj, boasting a prime beachfront location that effortlessly combines the tranquility of a garden setting with the convenience of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460871933.jpg?k=0a378c78b5dcb29e723bb9da359c0494ee04bf2bcae772656b53a7f166e1bbaf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-labiatan\naddress: "Rruga Zogaj, 4001 Zogaj, Albania"\ncity: "Zogaj"\nlocation: "Zogaj"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06885218\n  lng: 19.41470339\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460871933.jpg?k=0a378c78b5dcb29e723bb9da359c0494ee04bf2bcae772656b53a7f166e1bbaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466927347.jpg?k=7675be88b4e53743f1be56bef6562f541adf8d2640c1c4a471ca389336d9ec33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466927350.jpg?k=db64a80f3a77beb91d42d9b007e088bd7c52f98c717c624b66f41a3ea0e2e07a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466341514.jpg?k=8f5672bb8dde729b376f513f79542cad658fa31803643ffa3e2a7232738e4e65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466927346.jpg?k=a9e5097c6e43ce43a487b314e231c41bdf2bb6d22abb49b9ce140b3e02c99db3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466246647.jpg?k=9653e6cd102a29b4c91aa6e8d7e95b700c50a4d69549f218fc215c14d66c6efd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "B7 Zogaj 10 m"\n  - "Vila \Imperial\\"\" 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 2.5 km"\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 33 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 67 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Henriette"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Beautiful place, also perfect for wedding location!”"\n  - name: "Verena"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We loved it a lot, especially the staff was super super helpful and friendly especially when we fell sick during our stay! The food in the restaurant is amazing, the views from the terraces are stunning! It is a great place to relax and enjoy...”"\n  - name: "Susanne"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“This small cute hotel had an outstanding location... right on the lake. The staff were really friendly. The breakfast and dinner was excellent.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/labiatan.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDining at Hotel Labiatan is an experience in itself, with an on-site restaurant serving a variety of delectable dishes. The availability of room service ensures that guests can enjoy meals in the comfort of their own rooms, while the concierge service is ready to cater to any additional needs or requests. For those looking to unwind with a drink, the hotel's bar presents a curated selection of beverages in a welcoming atmosphere.

Accommodations at Hotel Labiatan are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room features a balcony, offering a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy the serene surroundings. The inclusion of air conditioning and a flat-screen TV in every room underscores the hotel's commitment to providing a comfortable and enjoyable stay.

Situated 70 km from Podgorica Airport, Hotel Labiatan represents an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers. The combination of its stunning location, comprehensive facilities, and attentive service makes it a compelling choice for anyone visiting Zogaj.