---\ntitle: "HOTEL LUNXHERIA"\ndescription: "HOTEL LUNXHERIA, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375242317.jpg?k=7d87b879f53fd9e143b5f7d89888ff6f5eefcd829986b355f0d878ce5ebbb349&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-lunxheria\naddress: "Rruga Alqi Kondi 2, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08124672\n  lng: 20.14709357\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375242317.jpg?k=7d87b879f53fd9e143b5f7d89888ff6f5eefcd829986b355f0d878ce5ebbb349&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375380148.jpg?k=c466ab5dc8bf5b77cc3becb82542bfc4e906f37cc7b2153580d19ad4fbb13d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375360863.jpg?k=fd36892871c3aea9d4ac5b77e059d35a3cc25d08ebdeafcad1e3819a635fab0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375361283.jpg?k=64f1a41fedb56ae7e3beb6998b71abf115079d55d00ee8353db853fa9bf97a0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375380146.jpg?k=0a65ff1ccc6ab0b4c981ae1f5337c68434923187d76ef02e92195d0f1a7ad698&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375378471.jpg?k=aee9de7a5770c38796f21463b5078867d594c066cd8f0b86971f042d0ce6d70d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coyote 150 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Megusta 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Helpful staff, parking available and good communication”"\n  - name: "Lico"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“. The best hotel I’ve ever been privileged enough to stay at. Gorgeous building, and it only gets more breathtaking when you walk in. High quality rooms, and high quality service. The room was wonderful ,and clean. I strongly, suggest this...”"\n  - name: "Fampiola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Well equipped room, comfy bed and very clean. Staff was very friendly and helpful throughout the stay. Ample parking space at the property.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lunxheria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at HOTEL LUNXHERIA are treated to air-conditioned rooms that not only offer breathtaking mountain views but also come equipped with modern amenities such as free WiFi, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. Each room boasts a balcony, providing a private space to enjoy the scenic city vistas that stretch out below.

Attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which are stocked with complimentary toiletries and feature a shower. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and slippers in every room adds a touch of home comfort, enhancing the overall guest experience.

Located 82 km from Ioannina Airport, HOTEL LUNXHERIA presents a convenient option for international travelers. Its strategic location and thoughtful amenities make it a standout choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the charm and history of Gjirokastër.