---\ntitle: "Hotel Lyhnidas"\ndescription: "Hotel Lyhnidas stands as a serene retreat on the shores of Ohrid Lake, merely 4 km away from the heart of Udënisht."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/28752669.jpg?k=83aa470f867df2ab034be83e650fb60258ba340a5e70c0fc834be42a0f731bf3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-lyhnidas\naddress: "Pojske, 7300 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.99389274\n  lng: 20.63639715\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 272\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/28752669.jpg?k=83aa470f867df2ab034be83e650fb60258ba340a5e70c0fc834be42a0f731bf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150936502.jpg?k=662fe48ce461aee997e9ec45095d0cb748f7bdf57195e72aaa4265dcc18c8a72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106159636.jpg?k=eaf4bc9d37165d6aa53dfd6203889a428f9ddbd8ae748a9e6d8ffddbd04e9bde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375207750.jpg?k=2de96786d81070a358d5c626bb2ab327441c5a4e5e695ff940db5465368f15b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138872620.jpg?k=c6252d50eb21fdfc6d6d23fcc9cf31debb7312b263244e6a8b1fdc9dd9390190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150936316.jpg?k=5532b7b3029bd59d4ed9ef71394b5946171da90c0ca563ced1bf27af866e22a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Villa"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony and Lake View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Suite with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Upper Gate 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Hotel Lyhnidas 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Varka Lin 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 11 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 12 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 13 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 14 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 16 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 19 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 19 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 19 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 21 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 80 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Silve"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Everything was super, I highly reccomend! All the taff were so friendly and helpful! Apartment room beautiful, clean and lots of space! Bathroom new and clean! Bedsheets and beed super good. Breakfast nice! Pool super clean! Parking super safe, we...”"\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Lake is perfect, also swimming pool, 2.5 metres deep is very nice!”"\n  - name: "Vesna"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“We find this hotel on Booking and booked for one night,but we was very surprised with everything and decided to stay one more day.Staff is very good and kind,everything is clean,pool is very nice and lake is close.You can swim and spend whole day...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lyhnidas-kompleksi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Lyhnidas are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room features a private balcony, offering a personal oasis where guests can unwind. The inclusion of cable TV and a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, while the en-suite bathrooms, equipped with showers and hairdryers, cater to all essential needs.

A standout feature of this hotel is its private beach area along the picturesque Lake Ohrid, providing an exclusive escape into nature's beauty. The hotel's commitment to guest experience is further demonstrated by its comprehensive amenities, including a 24-hour front desk and a children's playground, making it an ideal choice for both families and solo travelers.

Strategically located, Hotel Lyhnidas serves as a perfect base for exploring the surrounding natural wonders. The property is conveniently situated within 25 km of Galichica National Park and 35 km from Shebenik - Jabllanice National Park, offering ample opportunities for outdoor adventures. Additionally, with Ohrid Airport only 40 km away and complimentary private parking available on-site, guests enjoy both ease of access and peace of mind during their stay.

In summary, Hotel Lyhnidas emerges as a distinguished option for those seeking a blend of leisure, comfort, and exploration by the enchanting Ohrid Lake.