---\ntitle: "Hotel Kastro"\ndescription: "Hotel Kastro stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the historic city of Gjirokastër, offering a serene escape just a stone's throw away from the enchanting Zaravina Lake, located 44 km away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153943868.jpg?k=d458e989ed1442919a518a3a7dfbcd056459df15a02cae0d25dc098f4422a993&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kastro\naddress: "Çerçiz Topulli'' Square, Gjirokaster 11, 6000 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07494599\n  lng: 20.13957574\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 220\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153943868.jpg?k=d458e989ed1442919a518a3a7dfbcd056459df15a02cae0d25dc098f4422a993&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568858.jpg?k=be677d49773a9e3d61c90209c0c4c596353bf43474f80ee9468e64c9b1aef649&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568535.jpg?k=ba257303baf032fd1e637974aea73919c84587d245b663b9ad3a106f1d804afb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158566365.jpg?k=0ab29001fe6d35f9d61730c367377c7da4026024f92d7210ff3a057dd14ee19f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158564198.jpg?k=3cedbdb98937da41122620a0f2a70d20c22275c4b5b4fdd807f60c6905a3982f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568937.jpg?k=044fb8dc35d2555aa09cbf6cbeed48c0691c659e4f589f2ff082e8467956f895&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568902.jpg?k=96287e06d22b6cc926e92fdfb0cf369b20e75710157b0c82c51e05d2a3e86a98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568888.jpg?k=ebd299808ae60a705a4bd9553531b61dce69ff615009ac745a4ef44223302774&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158568770.jpg?k=1e89c598669a9050c21d4c5251d972b5acfa0a5c0f7df7fd4fdd8c523b4eb96a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Park 50 m"\n  - "Mapo 50 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location. The room had a great view and was beautifully refurbished.”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“A great place, it is the históricas center but you can get tour car i tilo hotel (parking). Personal is very kind, you can’t así for more.”"\n  - name: "Zahra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean, modern, luxurious rooms with excellent aircon and WiFi. Delicious breakfast with continental and Albanian options. This is in a perfect location next to the bazaar and with easy access and parking. The owners of the hotel were amazing, they...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kastro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property is a haven for those seeking a smoke-free environment, complemented by a lush garden and a cozy shared lounge, perfect for relaxation or mingling with fellow travelers. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Gjirokastër.

Accommodations at Hotel Kastro are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, catering to both leisure and business travelers. The private bathrooms are stocked with complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of convenience to the stay. Select rooms also boast a patio, offering a private outdoor space to unwind and soak in the surroundings. Comfort is further ensured with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

Situated 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel Kastro presents an ideal base for exploring the rich heritage and natural beauty of the region, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and attentive service.