---\ntitle: "Hotel Doro City"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Doro City, a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana, Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470491309.jpg?k=708e8fe81a1f751bfd2073202d44031a9f6ef651b80300702dff3577ecc2c51f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-doro-city\naddress: "Muhamet Gjollesha Street, Md.38 H.1, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33088935\n  lng: 19.80350018\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 186\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470491309.jpg?k=708e8fe81a1f751bfd2073202d44031a9f6ef651b80300702dff3577ecc2c51f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183538410.jpg?k=8390fb1400ab420ce3f02f1c391d5819c890a23d857b032bf82ddbd0ed39d457&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/47104355.jpg?k=748b6e26a05c5ea1c713c56e5e28b4773ff40cc2661eb9dc6abc710b9ef2e720&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424841739.jpg?k=8d9f93ee80c3f3c71ee1285b972a0d4de85cadeadb34e55879db6a31bc944784&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/38755392.jpg?k=b41af381f2dbcdf06b2c3d9b59ff26ca5b596a24696a251796ef05e8ea9b8be8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/93349954.jpg?k=0dad6505cbdd8003e43fffef653b0f7c7c4d3fe3bde401cd9129e3d08fe7c4f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Superior Single Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Superior Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Triple Room (3 Adults)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Doro 10 m"\n  - "Cataluna Lounge Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elif"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Great hotel, lovely stay nice and clean rooms, Very nice breakfast, friendly , attentive staff, good value for money, easy parking facilities. Would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Lea"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely interior decor.
Warm ,comfortable room.
The breakfast and the service was very nice.
Very friendly and helpful staff .
A beautiful shopping centre near the hotel.
There was a plate with fresh fruits in my room.”"\n  - name: "Filipe"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel,
Good value for money,
Helpful staff, clean and great room, nice breakfast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/doro-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon entering the Doro City, guests are greeted with a modern and luxurious ambiance that extends to each of its well-appointed rooms. Designed with the contemporary traveler in mind, the accommodations boast air conditioning, complimentary Wi-Fi, and a host of amenities including a cozy seating area, a functional desk, and a flat-screen TV for your entertainment needs. The private bathrooms are equipped with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Mornings at the Doro City are a delightful affair, with a breakfast spread served at the hotel's exquisite à-la-carte restaurant. For those peckish moments, a snack bar is available, and guests looking for leisure activities will appreciate the onsite tennis courts and the option to unwind with a massage. In a gesture of hospitality, the hotel offers a complimentary 3-course dinner and a non-alcoholic beverage to guests booking a stay of more than four nights.

Beyond the comforts of your room, the hotel boasts a selection of facilities designed to enhance your stay. From a charming gift shop to convenient services like room service, dry cleaning, and an engaging entertainment staff, every detail is catered to.

The allure of Tirana awaits just 700 meters from the hotel's doorstep. Guests can immerse themselves in the local culture with a leisurely stroll along the lively streets, enjoy a refreshing drink at a nearby cafe, or find tranquility in one of the city's serene parks. For those looking to explore further afield, the Main Bus Station is conveniently located a minute's walk away, and the Mother Teresa International Airport is within a 16 km reach.

Hotel Doro City emerges as a distinguished option for those seeking a memorable stay in Tirana, offering a perfect mix of leisure and convenience in Albania's captivating capital.