---\ntitle: "Hotel Dardha"\ndescription: "Hotel Dardha emerges as a serene retreat in the picturesque village of Dardhë, a mere 17 km from the vibrant town of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36206215.jpg?k=09f9ee1ef0a2a5b3c7dd08359e5f181755724dc4a5ae9138e791a33e19772719&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-dardha\naddress: "Dardhe, 7002 Dardhë, Albania"\ncity: "Dardhë"\nlocation: "Dardhë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.519412\n  lng: 20.825942\nprice: "US$102"\npriceFrom: 102\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36206215.jpg?k=09f9ee1ef0a2a5b3c7dd08359e5f181755724dc4a5ae9138e791a33e19772719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36208189.jpg?k=d675f502c8f0d0e0e39300fd34efc5bf8d307062d6df1109e16952430d4c06cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36206314.jpg?k=9157ed3a0a73ce5f81c4df031803b0227c4cc2fe7df5c8e5ca1a6e2e080c2def&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36206690.jpg?k=12328fe7fbe3459f35c1dc921da51347f4fdc4c92e71687f7ddd0377c5d5eadc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36207019.jpg?k=8e9ce1fb5deaa442c0dea6cfca2936419915a30c10ce8b27f5110bee5dcf2ea0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36206277.jpg?k=75a23bcff90cde298926f8aca39865ffe9d6dd6c0b758adf03f97453bab3b913&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Iliri 150 m"\n  - "Hotel Gjuetari 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 11 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 12 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 12 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 12 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 12 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 38 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 72 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ermira"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel and view was great. The only thing they need to do is to take care for the road when it snowing and Icy. If you have a small car and don’t have winter wheels can’t go in the winter.”"\n  - name: "Radoslava"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Located in a quiet and beautiful forest area, comfortable and spacious room, tasty food and an amazing SPA. Although the personnel was not really fluent in English, the provided service was more than great.”"\n  - name: "Jana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“very nice room, excellent view, perfect breakfast, I spent only one night there, nobody was there. the nature around is magic, staff was friendly especially the boy prepared my breakfast. thanks”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dardha.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Dardha boast thoughtful amenities, including a work desk, cable TV, and a private balcony. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay. From their rooms, guests are treated to breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains, adding a touch of tranquility to their visit.

The spa at Hotel Dardha is a haven of relaxation, featuring a communal sauna, a hammam, and a hot tub, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The hotel also offers a variety of facilities such as a shared lounge, a games room, and a tour desk to assist guests in discovering the local area. For those seeking adventure, skiing in Bigla presents an exhilarating option.

Explorers will delight in the proximity to natural wonders such as Lake Prespa and the renowned Ohrid Lake, as well as cultural attractions including museums, galleries, and the impressive Orthodox Resurrection Cathedral. With local buses conveniently stopping next to the hotel and Tirana Airport 200 km away, Hotel Dardha serves as an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration in this captivating region.