---\ntitle: "Hotel Margjokaj"\ndescription: "Hotel Margjokaj stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Velipojë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Velipoja Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404892874.jpg?k=4b8df82c5acad88aa2235a405735638a1b6240bfc77ba8c3aa7dd336bf77f216&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-margjokaj\naddress: "Rruga nr. 8, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86409239\n  lng: 19.42290695\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404892874.jpg?k=4b8df82c5acad88aa2235a405735638a1b6240bfc77ba8c3aa7dd336bf77f216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309400481.jpg?k=f5816587a465b7d0253b23a133cd5a79d54f68e4a63e2a8f03808d430ea81e12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309398509.jpg?k=045d10ae3550b23e0911cfc2383d6fcc0c8d1a5f007b0afee7ec02cbfaf7e0f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381473842.jpg?k=73eb5f9af62767002d2ff93f561d45f1406d45f1d42287edf35b569b3d13aac5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381473778.jpg?k=2bdca553b438b574cf85f6e6f41bd018b378fa8ac1c2e1cdf8ad56b19b45c227&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309398798.jpg?k=dc255a2b57d2bb944ff4a52fad22bfd81cfed6286e3ce89918ba2f0d3ae58ad8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309398538.jpg?k=a2dbeed6b1cd57511f048b8533e621a30b311d50b47a4c22bee103afd9240c69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/310658982.jpg?k=5a63bdd4256a447b94d87695ee79e2936a23b80963cc0b89e45bd1e64e8ee7e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309324925.jpg?k=5f801e78b1877e0e80424dab6aa759f73f1fecaa5ebb8f506e17b401e075690f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309400561.jpg?k=0d0125c4f65674006d0e9d00dd7c6424a6b87f77a54fdd5b0ea14da81fd499dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309398506.jpg?k=ae585e3bde00a7955f5076dc54f30e7298bcdd3d6c2bf275b704cd04458f4f97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309400484.jpg?k=93ec9ab160dba5240243579240f41f450c3ef426701da576fbfd739a72491a4a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Panorama 5 m"\n  - "Akulore Istanbul 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 200 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 14 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 15 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artenis"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The best hotel ever I was surprised and amazed 100% will be back next year”"\n  - name: "Ensar"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Located on the top floor there is a restaurant and caffee bar with panorama view, and it is stunningly beautiful.
Food was delicius.
People that are working at the hotel and at the restaurant were very polite and helpfull.
Location of the hotel is...”"\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It’s a perfect choice for Velipoja!
We were there as a big family, so we took 2 rooms. One double room and one big triple room with a sea view! Rooms are super, especially for 3 person! It’s huge! There is enough space for everybody.
Also it’s...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/margjokaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Margjokaj are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is outfitted with modern conveniences such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a fridge, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start to each day. Select rooms elevate the experience further with private balconies and captivating city views, inviting guests to unwind in their own serene retreat.

Families will appreciate the hotel's children's playground, which offers a safe and fun environment for younger guests to enjoy. Additionally, Hotel Margjokaj caters to the needs of business travelers with its efficient dry cleaning service and business facilities, including fax and photocopying services, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and corporate guests.

Situated a mere 2.3 km from the stunning Rana e Hedhun Beach and within easy reach of the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, 30 km away, the hotel serves as a perfect base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the region. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 83 km from the hotel, ensuring smooth travel arrangements to and from this exceptional destination.

In summary, Hotel Margjokaj emerges as a distinguished option for those seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration in the heart of Velipojë.