---\ntitle: "Hotel Millennium"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Millennium, a gem that stands out for its prime location and exceptional amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242580064.jpg?k=7d8786e44d7ce056cf3c9efdfb19f7177a61a1fe5096b487878f73f3d017a2b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-millennium\naddress: "Tushemisht, 0832 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90290068\n  lng: 20.71976155\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 221\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242580064.jpg?k=7d8786e44d7ce056cf3c9efdfb19f7177a61a1fe5096b487878f73f3d017a2b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467105314.jpg?k=1436ebc0c376a8ae5350345e36bd82ff50592f8b804144d4a1a25e6cbe37c8cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376833539.jpg?k=caa0bb0f2d96a2c436880904b922ae40224013cd782c6e757216e14b58367679&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156504583.jpg?k=3baf451239f6c947e5ad985a191994d9d112d461d532c29bec1f6b96459c1b29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376833573.jpg?k=1ec788ac33d691abcc2fadee7eab87dc061a3a8d6ec5316f310807d4a28e47f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/318444713.jpg?k=bd61ce3af77fce607425dff031922e65c7c47e9e2dbc6743f348414e1ab63e82&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Lake View"\n  - "One-Bedroom Family Apartment"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“We stayed just one night in transit, and we arrived late in the day. We booked a room with a spa. Having that spa pool in the room was amazing, especially as we arrived late, and usually, the shared spa would already be closed for use. Staff was...”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Millennium Hotel has two Buildings. An older one direct at the lake and a newer one at the opposite Site of the Road. We stay at the older one. Big rooms with big balcony. Direct view to the lake. Interieur Not very New but ok.
Bathroom a Bit...”"\n  - name: "Chrissi"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“View of the lake from our room was amazing, very comfortable room, great location, quiet and respectful, super friendly and helpful staff, excellent breakfast selection and loads of other restaurants in the area - this place was so relaxing, we...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/millennium-pogradec-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nOne of the hotel's highlights is its expansive furnished terrace, offering breathtaking views of the lake. It's the perfect spot for guests to unwind and soak in the natural beauty of the surroundings. The terrace also doubles as a dining area, where up to 200 guests can savor meals during the summer months. The hotel's à la carte restaurant is renowned for its Ohrid trout, a local delicacy, alongside a variety of Italian and international dishes.

Accommodations at Hotel Millennium are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room features a sofa bed at no extra charge, air conditioning, LCD cable TV, and a balcony, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home.

For those traveling on business or hosting events, the hotel boasts two conference rooms that can accommodate up to 150 persons, making it an ideal venue for meetings and gatherings.

Situated just a stone's throw from the lush Drilon National Park and a mere kilometer from the Macedonian border, the hotel's location is perfect for explorers looking to venture into the charming town of Saint Naum or the vibrant center of Pogradec, located just 4 km away.

With the convenience of free private parking on-site, guests at Hotel Millennium can enjoy a stress-free stay while experiencing the best of what the region has to offer. Whether it's for leisure or business, a stay at Hotel Millennium promises an unforgettable experience by the lake.