---\ntitle: "Hotel Metali"\ndescription: "Hotel Metali emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, Vlorë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352065877.jpg?k=cd864cdb4668937daa301712e50cfea172b9ac355bae771ee276317ed21a9cd0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-metali\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87323634\n  lng: 20.00152365\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 92\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352065877.jpg?k=cd864cdb4668937daa301712e50cfea172b9ac355bae771ee276317ed21a9cd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385149210.jpg?k=67fe0b5f59a376cad3c38ceb39895a526c65842690c210110066824fb064b480&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394932051.jpg?k=43bcf01c2ed406834fc249139866ef863f7cdaaf4282362fdc5d33def44125f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346239923.jpg?k=ce6c676ca2c29260c2fce5de08bf64f7ecabe10092042819ce727ad1cf74105c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469580447.jpg?k=833dbf948e6e5b7cc3c0ce820dd23802b408f726b261113b8ced597e953fe822&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469585164.jpg?k=0e171a1c64037c569f2c6d78a8899c999227da85d0a1ef04ee946ad7b7f8ac03&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Nepsi 10 m"\n  - "Shiza 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 450 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 650 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jessica"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Was clean, good location, the most friendly staff!”"\n  - name: "Shazia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I loved it was so close to the port which made it convenient to catch ferry and very close to beach local shops around”"\n  - name: "Brian"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly, clean in a great location. Rooms were big and contained everything you needed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/metali.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Metali extends an invitation to experience Sarandë from a unique vantage point, with balconies offering city views that capture the essence of the locale. For those desiring a glimpse of the Ionian Sea, select rooms elevate the experience with breathtaking sea views. The presence of a flat-screen TV and a fridge in every room adds a layer of comfort, making it easy for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk and room service, catering to guests' needs at any hour. The on-site bar presents a cozy spot for evening relaxation or a casual meeting point.

Situated a mere 17 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park, Hotel Metali serves as an ideal base for adventurers keen to delve into the region's rich history and natural beauty. Its proximity to Sarande Main Beach, Saranda City Beach, and La Petite Beach offers beach lovers a variety of options for sun, sea, and sand. Moreover, with Ioannina Airport located 97 km away, the hotel remains accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Hotel Metali stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, perfectly positioned for those eager to explore the vibrant city of Sarandë and its surrounding attractions.