---\ntitle: "Hotel Erandi"\ndescription: "Hotel Erandi emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Rinas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478282358.jpg?k=989d43511a4a1800fd6b0212ab12ccf5df80dae28a850423489b211e3804f18d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-erandi\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Tiranë - FushëKrujë, Nikël, 1502 Rinas, Albania"\ncity: "Rinas"\nlocation: "Rinas"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.44573984\n  lng: 19.73066157\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1299\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478282358.jpg?k=989d43511a4a1800fd6b0212ab12ccf5df80dae28a850423489b211e3804f18d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113066685.jpg?k=dc567dbbbd2f9571e3584497a64d676f539b3fc20ea7448251350ab2a092e929&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/134453793.jpg?k=95c3ba0906b38204573ce161df5ace753c76ab27f5dc9dad3446bad8a2e4426b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/178633280.jpg?k=64fe707cf9020a60c9fdf7829c94a0f1b9670fddbbffe8bbf1801a3df4d66cd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/178645452.jpg?k=6bb9a8a1e6376bc090d57c2553fc44569015fc3bff6496b1ee1e8cfdf311f295&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478282372.jpg?k=f2e0d46ab1ff4ddfa2229c6c6edbbd94fbade9b586fa6eb1786b8a3673e75f81&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 15 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 15 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 15 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 15 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 15 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 15 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 15 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 16 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 16 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 17 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brazil 2.2 km"\n  - "Bar Restorant Arezzo 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 13 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 13 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 14 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 15 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 1.9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Catiasagoncalves"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“It´s really close to the airport, and perfect when we have a earlier/late flight.
the beds are really confortable”"\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I like their service very much especially the front office boy”"\n  - name: "Szabo"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Close to the airport, clean and comfortable room, very helpful staff. We had an unplanned stay at this hotel. i highly recommend it. Road and airport noise is noticeable but we had a restful stay and a quick transfer to the airport terminal. Food...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/erandi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Erandi are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with flat-screen TVs boasting an array of satellite channels. Select rooms elevate the relaxation experience with a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The assurance of privacy and convenience is highlighted in every room through the inclusion of an en-suite bathroom, complemented by complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer, adding a touch of home-like comfort.

Around-the-clock assistance is guaranteed with a 24-hour front desk, ready to cater to guests' needs at any hour, enhancing the overall stay experience.

Strategically located, Hotel Erandi is a mere 16 km from the vibrant city of Tirana and 36 km from the coastal charm of Durrës, making it an ideal base for those looking to explore the region. For guests looking to venture further, a local bus stop is conveniently situated just 100 metres from the hotel, offering easy access to surrounding areas. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana Airport, located just 4 km away, positions Hotel Erandi as a perfect gateway for both international travelers and those on the go.

In summary, Hotel Erandi stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a welcoming atmosphere for all who step through its doors.