---\ntitle: "Hotel Comfort"\ndescription: "Hotel Comfort emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308925042.jpg?k=4b5dabb94aea1e859475229ffc0fe26b7b6f4d363d3003db37ef87b3f5534896&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-comfort\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi, 1016 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33221298\n  lng: 19.81431679\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 198\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308925042.jpg?k=4b5dabb94aea1e859475229ffc0fe26b7b6f4d363d3003db37ef87b3f5534896&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308925785.jpg?k=de40e226b0eb2e8e3333d2d2583d7ebe32c1a435204d9a1bbae2de6244ca65ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308925784.jpg?k=a33d23908158a218e6d6009669d215dda0b7b98ce094b4702431ef41194760a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308931897.jpg?k=9e276d02b7121e9a8e09442cd54f495c39175e81dfef73d0d761098329c0c22e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308925631.jpg?k=41a8394449ec4296cd52463dd8fea6672df2aa783368563460eff65e8cd633be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308931910.jpg?k=0f845d7c307be09ad96204f5b006fd9eaeba07be265fa0f7bcd600b4b7f0b376&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Comfort 10 m"\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chridi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Good breakfast! Room very clean and tidy Staff very friendly and efficient!”"\n  - name: "Kostas"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Excellent location, very friendly staff and big and comfortable room”"\n  - name: "Melo589"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“My room was spotless clean very comfy bed with big TV and modern bathroom. The location was not far from city center just a walk.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/comfort-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Hotel Comfort is a haven of rest, featuring satellite TV for entertainment and a minibar for refreshments. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, bidet, and complimentary toiletries, catering to the needs of discerning guests.

Around-the-clock service is guaranteed with a 24-hour front desk, ensuring assistance is always at hand, whether for late arrivals or early departures. For lighter meals or a quick snack, the hotel's snack bar serves a variety of options.

Location is one of Hotel Comfort's strongest suits. Situated just 600 meters from the iconic Skenderberg Square, the hotel offers easy access to the city's vibrant heart. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Arts Gallery, located just 1 km away, while the Vodafone Tower, 1.2 km from the hotel, marks another nearby point of interest. For those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is conveniently 17 km away, making Hotel Comfort an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana.