---\ntitle: "Hotel Ambassador Voskopojë"\ndescription: "Hotel Ambassador Voskopojë stands out as a premier 4-star destination in Voskopojë, offering guests an exceptional stay with its well-appointed garden, inviting restaurant, and welcoming bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517548972.jpg?k=ffe9aacad58c38520edf7f0fe781a4ec2be9cccc8841dccb81822af32409d19c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-ambassador-voskopoj\naddress: "Rruga Rilindja Voskopojare, 7001 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63227272\n  lng: 20.58965554\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517548972.jpg?k=ffe9aacad58c38520edf7f0fe781a4ec2be9cccc8841dccb81822af32409d19c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516389274.jpg?k=bd2a2bc398fded2d6cdb286ad2157e97fbef378d58b4f50a437eaeacafdf1250&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510750696.jpg?k=9bafaaa4fcf020378722b80d10582d587147fd145ffdc92d27bbfb32482851a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510747227.jpg?k=6c16217650e2c871d929d6f51a8c2b03e324363e37ec6b0fd64e5be64ad93a55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510589181.jpg?k=3bd2b0d77bb994dde5e7d8626483576fbbf5c4447d4606f984c1ce9219e06a2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513579484.jpg?k=cbdec8b233cd7eaf32f3bab13688462c3c568a66b5f69ecdfbdb3fae2a60d9de&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Queen Room with Spa Bath"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant \Ambassador\\" 30 m"\n  - "Vila Falo 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 16 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 17 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Quvadis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Our stay at Hotel Ambasador in Korçë, Voskopoje was outstanding. The staff's warm welcome set the tone for a memorable visit. The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable, ensuring a restful night. Dining at the hotel was a delight, with a...”"\n  - name: "Alban"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The Hotel is located in the village, in an amazing location with a view of the landscape and the nature. Integrated in the nature, a hotel with classic traditional stones, with a firepit included in the room. The food was something out ordinary,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ambassador.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests will find comfort in the thoughtfully designed rooms, each featuring a patio that overlooks the serene garden. The private bathrooms are well-equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay. Moreover, the rooms offer a glimpse of the city's charm through their windows. For entertainment and convenience, all accommodations are furnished with a flat-screen TV and a hairdryer, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

Located 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Hotel Ambassador Voskopojë offers a blend of tranquility and accessibility, making it an ideal choice for those seeking a peaceful retreat with the convenience of nearby travel options.