---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila 15 Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila 15 Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357296652.jpg?k=a64a164397fa9b49ae455024b40ddabdac832bd3800beb46a4e393a8e9b96421&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-15-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Frosina Plaku Vila 15, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.327197\n  lng: 19.801242\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 80\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 6.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357296652.jpg?k=a64a164397fa9b49ae455024b40ddabdac832bd3800beb46a4e393a8e9b96421&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364751657.jpg?k=600d492e701793c959f99710b5a602e9d407bc2c0096b0afd1ae1d2a9af1098e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364450380.jpg?k=1f7aff8f0e4f194f8657923116784e5deb30d05718f024a482e4f13398de7ccc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364450373.jpg?k=4f9129a956af48ddc19106e2692b39fde608129e548f3681bc95a9ae373232a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364752823.jpg?k=2a3c21de9c72a83e389b1dd9ae8e3a6a2c2703c3508a0d16d8e18141111e05bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364451554.jpg?k=1a2151d923cd341405eac15eab05f71d0b0a7d13694049ac14fd5e80579575f2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Spaghetti & Fish Colosseo 100 m"\n  - "7slurps 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mfyers"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Quiet location with good staff and close to bus station. The room was a good size and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Jaedyn"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Nice location down a quiet, cool street. A bit out of town but it’s a great escape from the busy city centre. The staff were lovely and helped us with every request. Air con worked well and the bathroom was excellent. Big rooms and comfortable bed.”"\n  - name: "Gijsbert"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The friendly service of our the woman when you arrive. Apart from that its the apartment was worth the money and super clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-15-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe hotel itself is a haven of tranquility, featuring a beautifully maintained garden and a shared lounge where guests can relax. The on-site bar and the availability of free WiFi throughout the property add to the overall experience of ease and comfort. Hotel Vila 15 Tirana prides itself on its attentive service, with a 24-hour front desk and currency exchange services readily available to meet guests' needs.

Accommodations at Hotel Vila 15 Tirana are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that is both productive and relaxing. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, along with the option for rooms with balconies, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction. Additionally, the convenience of having a fridge in the room enhances the overall comfort and convenience.

For those interested in exploring the local area, Hotel Vila 15 Tirana is conveniently located near several popular attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania. The hotel's location ensures that guests are never far from the best that Tirana has to offer. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, arriving and departing is a breeze.

Hotel Vila 15 Tirana stands out as a top choice for travelers who value a mix of serene accommodations and the excitement of city exploration. Its strategic location, coupled with top-notch amenities and services, makes it a compelling option for anyone looking to experience the best of Tirana.