---\ntitle: "HOTEL BRAXTON"\ndescription: "HOTEL BRAXTON stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in Bulqizë, located just 8."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508362706.jpg?k=079deafa6d4b52e6d99a197b4b5befd24ba1983de42d0e012ab3b510108332e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-braxton\naddress: "Bulqize Bllate e Eperme, 8400 Bulqizë, Albania"\ncity: "Bulqizë"\nlocation: "Bulqizë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.56509895\n  lng: 20.49075149\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508362706.jpg?k=079deafa6d4b52e6d99a197b4b5befd24ba1983de42d0e012ab3b510108332e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373738126.jpg?k=4bcd0640c3a2ade556b6a16f8cbdb8a78e07a7c8e0b3572ff5aa5dbcfbffaf37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373723647.jpg?k=61158a44dfddaaa39a53ffc280e04c4d204994e96f3684150e0c8f8a4df0a9b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373723830.jpg?k=5af7c54fb5cbce96b56fa72b81b2a9361e6dc956034cca9bed87f895c377d17a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373738108.jpg?k=07ba920f0094b1c9c07ebc6c2a96a76668d4054520365a037d3cb4a2e7463743&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508362591.jpg?k=2842c55c16489df94bc89e881aea3e81435ee947e1d9bb744858ad5363ad6145&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arta - Dibër 5 km"\n  - "Zerja 12 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llixhat Peshkopi 14 km"\n  - "Llixhat e Peshkopi 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 47 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jim"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Very nice location!
Brilliant stuff, everything was perfect!
Thanks for having us!🍻”"\n  - name: "Marek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Excellent hotel. Modern, perfectly clean with spacious rooms. Best choice in this part of Albania.”"\n  - name: "Natalie"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“Owner was very welcoming. Rooms were clean and food was all good. Beautiful area with beautiful view.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/braxton.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at HOTEL BRAXTON is thoughtfully designed with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests can enjoy the convenience of air conditioning, a desk for any work needs, and a terrace that offers captivating city views. The inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary bed linen and towels adds to the comfort of the stay. Moreover, the provision of a fridge in every room ensures that refreshments are always at hand.

For those with an adventurous spirit, the area surrounding the hotel is renowned for cycling, with car hire services readily available for guests wishing to explore further afield. 

Notably, the hotel is situated within a reasonable distance from other significant landmarks, including the Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery, 27 km away, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the region. Additionally, the proximity to Ohrid Airport, just 67 km away, provides convenient travel options for international guests.

HOTEL BRAXTON is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and history of Bulqizë, offering a perfect blend of service, location, and amenities to make any visit memorable.