---\ntitle: "HOTEL ARANDI AG"\ndescription: "HOTEL ARANDI AG stands out as a serene oasis, situated just a short drive from the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355601411.jpg?k=4dbe26940b0e2ef21b7b2fd04ced21ccf4a3cef17a75249cc9f06224023bff68&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-arandi-ag\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit Nr.39 , km 5, 1045 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29518333\n  lng: 19.85252317\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355601411.jpg?k=4dbe26940b0e2ef21b7b2fd04ced21ccf4a3cef17a75249cc9f06224023bff68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358098496.jpg?k=9e64d415bcacbf42410a1d26d841eb903f96a8d10cb6b6f76dc4929369a2b484&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360630778.jpg?k=766231b84570f09046bb3dd1f6e42a4de6d87411af5f990d78bae48028049f80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355593598.jpg?k=5782a7f353613d7b95457262aa578a599c3330f5c94c825729edca00f40be05e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358098331.jpg?k=b0047082815525769695c2b5fac753521409e1e2c57aeee11d0eff32823f6f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355601414.jpg?k=c662a5b211d6ad657156a0dd9d290d1de29e6302a69e268aadc61cb072efb687&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Smile 550 m"\n  - "Albi 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 3 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 3.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.5 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 3.7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 16 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Prima locatie vlakbij een bushalte. Elke 10 minuten gaat er wel een bus naar het centrum. Je kan de hele dag/avond gebruik maken van het zwembad”"\n  - name: "Steffen"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Lage etwas abseits des Zentrums aber mit dem Bus super erreichbar! Toller Pool!!!”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Удобно расположен рядом с посольством России, недалеко торговый центр. Есть своя парковка. Номер просторный, чистый, утром угощают кофе. Сотрудники очень приветливые.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arandi-ag-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Business"\nbestCategories: "Business"\ncategory: "Business"\n---\n\nGuests at HOTEL ARANDI AG are treated to an array of top-notch amenities, including a seasonal outdoor swimming pool perfect for a refreshing dip, complimentary private parking, a lush garden for serene strolls, and a shared lounge for socializing. The hotel is also conveniently positioned 11 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car for those looking to explore the scenic heights and just 6.5 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha.

The property doesn't just stop at offering a place to stay; it ensures each guest's comfort with air-conditioned rooms that are thoughtfully equipped with a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and a safety deposit box for personal belongings. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private terrace in each room, alongside a private bathroom complete with a bidet. To further enhance the stay, each room is furnished with soft bed linen and fluffy towels.

For dining and leisure, HOTEL ARANDI AG boasts an on-site restaurant and bar, where guests can savor delicious meals and refreshing drinks without having to leave the comfort of the hotel. The 24-hour front desk, airport transfer services, room service, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property ensure that every need is met with the utmost attention to detail.

Situated 48 km from the Rock of Kavaje and only 5.2 km from the Bektashi World Centre, the hotel offers easy access to some of the area's most notable attractions. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is just 19 km away, making HOTEL ARANDI AG a convenient and desirable choice for both international and domestic travelers looking for an unforgettable stay in Tirana.