---\ntitle: "Hotel Olive Ksamil"\ndescription: "Hotel Olive Ksamil emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261685480.jpg?k=332355558f500fb688e7e539cdbb34dfb75a6fba6109db89d9055814b88b3779&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-olive-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Riviera Perballe Lori Beach, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76511886\n  lng: 19.99449722\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 484\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261685480.jpg?k=332355558f500fb688e7e539cdbb34dfb75a6fba6109db89d9055814b88b3779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261699828.jpg?k=9232dc59b9efba7d4088ce2ba22cf99cae726e01fc31d52d14c18b6f499f300a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365449430.jpg?k=6808e014be8965229c433cfcfd7c908caf54ec36a0a6de448fbfd57def0e2a8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365449544.jpg?k=d04f021693ca81244a383ab0999919692f1242c1a6ce5e04cfaa4ebc43798886&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265132117.jpg?k=db41c11a4ca2c5a5bca23323b6365edf8d0e75dd37ab83c74214551b5e1af144&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365446989.jpg?k=3f4cc8455c28f6ccde4586a7c22701cbf691d6d421ee7ce6c6c42d2f22b400df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261700040.jpg?k=863a6d1696cf63609ef613298f66aa89eee697cff73d5b7d546c7bb3fd31b850&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265132353.jpg?k=9aa3a2bff513e25b2e5b21ad2db93fb30f9dad1c5c74ffc74eec1fa9a23a4b9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261699847.jpg?k=3a49381616e32dd9773517200c55548a5f2657ac83bd39ae16a4793185d4748c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261700036.jpg?k=da7c3a6c8e72fbe3639ddbbd36f0500c52a10933a06f28dde20773b0bdc94c69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261700039.jpg?k=7486970348494628b6d19dc29cac18846b91f5de406775489c38c2d033051403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261700028.jpg?k=8ba929576cce8efa669a0e3684083535d93cef832099f1572a2b94b9ca6157e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Perla 50 m"\n  - "MR Crabs 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lori Beach 100 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 100 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Charles"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hotel was in a wonderful position on the edge of Ksamil with unobstructed views across the bay and beaches of Ksamil in front and across open countryside to the left.
A short and pleasant walk to the centre of town.
A delicious Turkish-style...”"\n  - name: "Nadiyah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was very well equipped and in close proximity to most attractions. What really made the stay that much better was the friendliness of the staff, could not recommend a better place to stay.”"\n  - name: "Lichst"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent manager and staff. All very helpful and professional! Big comfortable room with all the necessary facilities you need. Two minutes away from the best beach (Lori). Great bed, extremely clean, delicious generous and varied breakfast in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olive-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Olive Ksamil are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk for those needing to catch up on work, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private balcony allows guests to enjoy their own slice of paradise, while the ensuite bathroom, complete with a bidet, ensures privacy and convenience. Attention to detail is evident with the provision of quality bed linen and towels, enhancing the overall comfort of the stay.

Strategically located, Hotel Olive Ksamil is within walking distance of several popular beaches, including the picturesque Paradise Beach, the vibrant Puerto Rico Beach, Ksamil Beach 9, and the lively Bora Bora Beach. This proximity to some of the area's most beautiful coastlines makes it an ideal base for beach lovers and sun seekers. For those looking to explore beyond Ksamil, Corfu International Airport is situated 93 km away, making international travel relatively straightforward.

Hotel Olive Ksamil stands out not only for its prime location and superior accommodations but also for its dining experience. The on-site restaurant and bar offer guests the convenience of enjoying delicious meals and refreshing drinks without having to venture far. Moreover, the property's commitment to providing an allergy-free environment underscores its dedication to guest comfort and well-being.

In summary, Hotel Olive Ksamil presents a compelling option for those in search of a harmonious blend of relaxation, convenience, and attentive service in the enchanting setting of Ksamil.