---\ntitle: "Hotel Austria"\ndescription: "Hotel Austria emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72621635.jpg?k=9e30ba0512144efb9e4aae4b77da26e2b910080ee1ea96b5ee3ae033c842a217&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-austria\naddress: "Rr. \"Dibres\" Nr.18 , (tek 9-kateshet, mbrapa Ambulances Madhe ) , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33084305\n  lng: 19.82132835\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 223\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72621635.jpg?k=9e30ba0512144efb9e4aae4b77da26e2b910080ee1ea96b5ee3ae033c842a217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73811033.jpg?k=9356ac534dfc2608b3fa93c321d305bf7780eb78a077e7e53eab5afee66e0e69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72621942.jpg?k=8a8ff58af7a03c2fe97554e8fb1393a8d986fb8106a8c41b8539fc53f0826eaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206057685.jpg?k=756c22f803505917db228413d55c6dacc0a310496f5ea7a89285a6c06ab74d72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104021212.jpg?k=eba53e6f3e8514899f84ba98ba9c3525c4d5f6ed9ae09d238aec7306944a081f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/77143191.jpg?k=b5b660fc069eaddaacaea05008c9bac1bafe063b0545fed0792e726826d43e4f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Executive Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shije Fshati 30 m"\n  - "Kolonat 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 250 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Perfect bathroom, nice bed. And as a Viennese guy I can say it is really authentic.”"\n  - name: "Erika"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Hotel was right at the centre of Tirana. Beautifully decorated, the paintings on the walls are class act. The bathroom was splendid. The receptionist, Bianca, was very helpful. I would recommend Hotel Austria to anyone, who is staying in Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“I received a very warm welcome and introduction to the hotel from the young lady front-desk manager, who speaks very good English and is the soul of helpful hospitality. I wish I had found out her name, because she’s a gem. The hotel is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/austria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering a range of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. Complimentary WiFi access throughout the hotel ensures that guests stay connected, whether for leisure or business. The serene garden provides a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life, while the shared lounge and bar invite guests to unwind and socialize. For dining, the on-site restaurant serves a variety of delectable options, catering to diverse palates.

Attention to guest needs is evident in the 24-hour front desk service, convenient cash machine, and the thoughtful organization of tours, making exploration of Tirana hassle-free. Accommodations at Hotel Austria are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a productive and entertaining stay. The private bathrooms come stocked with complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Select rooms boast garden views, offering a picturesque backdrop to a restful night's sleep. All rooms feature air conditioning and a wardrobe, providing a cool and organized environment.

Mornings at Hotel Austria start with a delightful buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, just 300 meters away, positions guests perfectly to experience the cultural heartbeat of Tirana. With Tirana Airport only 17 km away, Hotel Austria serves as an accessible and welcoming base for both international visitors and those on domestic travels.

In summary, Hotel Austria stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, blending essential amenities with exceptional service to ensure a memorable stay in Tirana.