---\ntitle: "Hotel Villa Tafaj"\ndescription: "Hotel Villa Tafaj stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana, merely a kilometer away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and a host of other attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129278050.jpg?k=18da2fe8697a8833060d5a9c0b6edeb69e0d6ff66babfa792775180d0adc7725&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-tafaj\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, Nr.86, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3309256\n  lng: 19.81313199\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 294\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129278050.jpg?k=18da2fe8697a8833060d5a9c0b6edeb69e0d6ff66babfa792775180d0adc7725&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274897406.jpg?k=b371efb95d5aee99c07d73e703cc7de53e25a8e48dd26ed6a17cf3c187338090&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308798444.jpg?k=b741b9a801c4cb40df750da56a3035392376302dfa65d51f491dba77c4fe853a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129278028.jpg?k=9855bb4b929d6be3d80f392f0b04c7487ff1d8b1eb7b10aa7029cdf0f8a64026&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/129278038.jpg?k=b7b1aa7d3ce209c1b4785415b3582c85ed4947b3264de5c89a4b1e05e9d7b6b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274897689.jpg?k=58cd6032f3c84b07f59bbe4987cb4b0a77f142b94753e76e75dba903772048f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Melbourne Bar 30 m"\n  - "Zgara King Pils 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Great staff, perfect coffee, comfortable and clean rooms. Less than 10 minutes walk to the center. I recommend.”"\n  - name: "Rich"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The reception staff were really helpful with our enquiries.
The room opened on to a large balcony terrace over the main street, which was very useful for drying wet clothes.
The firm beds were excellent.”"\n  - name: "Mary"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Loved everything - amazing staff and central location! Will be back again in November with friends :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-tafaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBeyond the confines of its rooms, Hotel Villa Tafaj extends its hospitality through a range of amenities. The property boasts a 24-hour front desk, ensuring assistance is always at hand, regardless of the hour. Culinary experiences await at the on-site a-la-carte restaurant and bar, promising delightful meals and refreshing drinks. For those visiting on business or hosting events, meeting facilities are available, equipped to facilitate professional gatherings.

Culturally inclined guests will find the hotel's location particularly appealing. The National History Museum lies a mere 500 meters away, while the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet and the Palace of Culture are also within close proximity, approximately 1 km from the hotel. Transportation is conveniently accessible, with a public bus stop just 200 meters away and the Main Bus Station a kilometer away, making exploration of Tirana both easy and inviting.

For guests arriving by car, parking is available, though it's advisable to reserve a spot in advance. Situated 17 km from Tirana Airport, Hotel Villa Tafaj offers a blend of accessibility and amenities, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a seamless and enriching stay in Albania's vibrant capital.