---\ntitle: "Hotel Marub"\ndescription: "Discover the serene charm of Hotel Marub, a hidden gem tucked away in the tranquil forested valley of Mirdita."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10200694.jpg?k=9867df7d6d45df9ec8fa2b6f100a1033ea88e498bc71ac8f3a7c04de1ed5596a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-marub\naddress: "Katund i Vjeter, 4603 Rubik, Albania"\ncity: "Rubik"\nlocation: "Rubik"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.76262768\n  lng: 19.75535184\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 125\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10200694.jpg?k=9867df7d6d45df9ec8fa2b6f100a1033ea88e498bc71ac8f3a7c04de1ed5596a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10200798.jpg?k=1ff9f127b00de3e38439b0c1f7119f92dfb9fcfce73b6a71a4b40352d8733f69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10200807.jpg?k=2adba566180e284f13a82d210c164bc7bc9d0d7bd520eb7033de629bbe22d6a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10215962.jpg?k=2a2a6f30d38ed08103c54f1e0aa59e7fd5a85d3e8a072151be7907664987d73f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10200825.jpg?k=535784cc37042e1c0409a31ff23d979f9f8b07d9d8b665782aaf0c4aecda2ec8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/10215966.jpg?k=c39f07fdfcb9fe84e8fabc168bd265f3416e5d0f6d02cbf0ece23c9e4b25117b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Eco Hotel Marub 20 m"\n  - "Kosova 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sofra e Kthelles 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 37 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“I arrived late-ish at 21:00 with my dog and the staff was extremely friendly they said the kitchen would wait for me to shower and get ready so I could eat something. Located in a beautiful place it was a great location for a rest. Can only...”"\n  - name: "Jean"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very well located. The hotel’s restaurant offers the best quality food I had during a 2 weeks trip in Albania.”"\n  - name: "Cerys"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“lovely stop over on our drive from east to west. friendly staff. good food. comfortable beds”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marub.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Eco-Friendly Practices"\nbestCategories: "Eco-Friendly Practices"\ncategory: "Eco-Friendly Practices"\n---\n\nEach room, designed with comfort in mind, features a seating area, a private bathroom, a minibar, and a flat-screen satellite TV, ensuring a stay that blends rustic charm with contemporary convenience.

Dining at Hotel Marub is an experience in itself. The hotel's restaurant, complete with a summer terrace, prides itself on serving organic dishes prepared with locally sourced herbs and cheeses, complemented by a variety of hot and cold beverages and pure mountain spring water.

Hotel Marub's dedication to sustainability is evident in its use of solar panels, energy-saving insulation, and its practices in water conservation and recycling. Guests looking to explore the natural beauty of Northern Albania will find the hotel's location ideal. The front desk is more than willing to assist in organizing excursions to various destinations, offering opportunities for walking, hiking, and trekking in the surrounding areas.

Located approximately 2 km from State Road SH30, the hotel provides easy access to the Adriatic Sea and the town of Lezhë, both within 30 km, and the capital city of Tirana, just 70 km away. With free private parking available on site, Hotel Marub is not just a place to stay but a base for adventurers and eco-conscious travelers alike.