---\ntitle: "Hotel Mangalemi"\ndescription: "Hotel Mangalemi stands as a testament to Berati's rich history, seamlessly blending the remnants of Turkish mansions with the charm of the historic Mangalem Quarter."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/291787748.jpg?k=4c51eb3ab531b1cdb2f5819ead4af25c665c5227ebbbd8c938450190d908aa06&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-mangalemi\naddress: "Rruga \"Mihal Komneno\", 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70587397\n  lng: 19.95110875\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 667\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/291787748.jpg?k=4c51eb3ab531b1cdb2f5819ead4af25c665c5227ebbbd8c938450190d908aa06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442703101.jpg?k=df0ab00dbda1dbc85d58ad767f4dd207431168f2104836210c3b1a764692fdfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/291787893.jpg?k=9fd0fc9de2db9464fad22f3d87f1126b46e608f3b00e5a222b9ce2c322b80bb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/291771658.jpg?k=a4e2f99e61dbeeb9c14a51a8c3c6036fe36f6977ccc9140001e339b7e4f6928a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292159589.jpg?k=1532e1da7e8cd130b6fb218fac2b988423f16bba83e3520daa5e29c37abed5eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442707316.jpg?k=29442b86ad344a4fd2e0d9ddcfdea8b6929a285a2b12e6ffc74d8b0a1954d178&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Kaon / Kaon Grill 4 m"\n  - "Solidarity Shop Berat 10 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Raeleen"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“We had an excellent stay at Hotel Mangalemi! We received an extremely warm welcome by the staff who helped us find parking for our car, carried our bags to our rooms, gave us a welcome drink, and made the entire check-in process a breeze. Our...”"\n  - name: "Katharine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel is located in a historic district of Berat with great views of the old town. The staff were very welcoming. We really appreciated getting a welcome coffee made for us! The room was beautiful and had a nice balcony looking over the...”"\n  - name: "Hung-ju"\n    country: "Taiwan"\n    text: "“The room exudes a vintage charm and is stunning. It's worth mentioning that the staff is incredibly welcoming and friendly. They not only answered our questions but also ensured we had a great time without being overly talkative. On the flip side,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mangalemi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room in Hotel Mangalemi is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV, and a minibar. The bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hairdryers, ensuring a relaxing stay. For those arriving by car, the convenience of free public parking nearby is an added bonus.

Beyond the doors of Hotel Mangalemi, guests will find themselves in the heart of Berat, surrounded by historic sights, shops, and attractions that paint a vivid picture of the area's rich cultural tapestry. A grocery shop conveniently located next to the hotel allows for easy access to essentials, making stays even more comfortable.

For travelers looking to explore further, the Main Bus Station is just 3 km away, providing easy access to the wider region. Whether it's the allure of traditional Berati architecture or the modern comforts within, Hotel Mangalemi promises an unforgettable stay in one of Albania's most enchanting locales.