---\ntitle: "Hotel Alysa Korce"\ndescription: "Hotel Alysa Korce emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346775972.jpg?k=c2a7c7d0d66a3fbacc66dd49715068ed768e6e014bc9cfe2961f3df9d9a839c3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alysa-korce\naddress: "Rr. 1 Maji , Korce, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62249371\n  lng: 20.77730158\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346775972.jpg?k=c2a7c7d0d66a3fbacc66dd49715068ed768e6e014bc9cfe2961f3df9d9a839c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346775948.jpg?k=cca47bbee9442221cc3ecc796de5b29d519e7aaee1df3bdafa816be4723d43e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346775950.jpg?k=13117a8ff48038c5d4a17b8cdb69678e18440b82c8c1aadaf6bf7455ca67f8c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346779812.jpg?k=7dce354c6ed45655f5fdcaedda095bf7b0a3506e1d7af12abc8c649b58c12a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346779803.jpg?k=9016ed3a8fc54aaf7a74e67d68f9b79b0e92e58c85673e29838da2f2da9c6bf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346775973.jpg?k=118effdc643b930b8ef74320af3933cd06c4549fc527ebbd19ac27495396667a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cegora 7 m"\n  - "Restorant Pirro. 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 46 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ashley"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel located centrally in Korce, rooms were clean and staff were very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Globetrotter118"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Simple but very clean rooms with very good bathroom. Toiletries supplied. Very good WiFi. Friendly staff. Very good location half way between bus station (Korca actually has a PROPER bus station) and town. There is a bar downstairs and everything...”"\n  - name: "Stilio"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“everything the room was clean and had the ac on it , didn’t have the bad smell on it, also the bathroom waw super clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alysa-korce-korce.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Alysa Korce are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The addition of air conditioning and a wardrobe in every unit ensures a comfortable and organized stay.

Beyond the basics, Hotel Alysa Korce excels in offering personalized services to meet the needs of its guests. Room service is available for those moments of relaxation, while the 24-hour front desk and currency exchange services add an extra layer of convenience for international travelers. For those mixing business with pleasure, the hotel provides essential business facilities, including fax and photocopying services, alongside an ironing service to keep guests looking their best.

Situated a mere 42 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, the hotel's location makes it an ideal base for exploring the region's cultural landmarks and natural beauty.

With its blend of essential comforts, attentive services, and a prime location, Hotel Alysa Korce stands out as a preferred accommodation for visitors to Korçë, offering a seamless and enjoyable experience for both leisure and business travelers.