---\ntitle: "Hotel Livia"\ndescription: "Hotel Livia emerges as a serene retreat, masterfully constructed from wood and stone to reflect traditional Albanian architecture."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70168845.jpg?k=d4e6d1d35dc2217cda539bfc0b5b4d99375c5335bdbacc52b08b3c4104c5da7c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-livia\naddress: "Butrint, Sarande, 9703 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.74553549\n  lng: 20.01817614\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 392\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 7.7\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70168845.jpg?k=d4e6d1d35dc2217cda539bfc0b5b4d99375c5335bdbacc52b08b3c4104c5da7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29908309.jpg?k=ca4a8a51f52f75276bebbe327f3805987cf45cfc9e04ccf5dc3a0a68c3474269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70168792.jpg?k=0bc4a5b63b1d6151a49db4fbf0f9182bbe0a2fa602f0020b0113abf7482ff50d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70168732.jpg?k=1b3393f3ee26e8d982e90ac74ed1d5ffa5b1658475bde609020014a64dad8a04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29908342.jpg?k=d168ce0d36e7e939049ef2706a2ac0b75433bdd54c21b3f0ba87e3ac31e4a938&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70168854.jpg?k=241889f6886e84dc4c6387eef871c2f9ba4b6c6b035ada769bc42e18502ae142&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 16 km"\n  - "New Fortress 16 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 16 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 16 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 16 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 17 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 17 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 17 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Art Gallery Dea 250 m"\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 2.5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 3 km"\n  - "Lori Beach 3 km"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 3.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 13 km"\n  - "Public Garden 15 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 17 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 68 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sophie"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“It is a stunning place, right in the national park, with most welcoming hosts and delicious, fresh food! thank you - and can‘t wait to come again!”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great food & wine, and 50m from the entrance to Butrint. Car Park opposite means you can be first in next morning, and drive away after the visit. Queues were almost back to Saranda when we left.”"\n  - name: "Petra"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel and very friendly owners. Also our dog was welcome there.
And Butrint park is right next door.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/livia-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nRooms at Hotel Livia are havens of comfort, each featuring air conditioning and a balcony that presents a lush forest view, with select units offering sights of the Vivari Canal. Modern conveniences are not overlooked, as guests can enjoy a flat-screen cable TV and a refrigerator in their accommodations. The en-suite bathrooms are equipped with showers and hairdryers, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Culinary delights await at the renowned Restaurant Livia, where traditional Albanian cuisine is brought to life with fresh seafood and meats sourced from local villages. The dining experience is enhanced by the hotel's garden, which offers a stunning panoramic view of the Vivari Canal, making it an ideal spot for guests to savor their meals or unwind with a beverage.

Located just 3.5 km from the charming town of Ksamil, Hotel Livia presents an accessible escape to those arriving from afar, with Corfu Airport only 55 km away. This distance can be conveniently traversed via ferry from Saranda, adding an element of adventure to the journey. Additionally, guests are afforded the convenience of complimentary parking, making explorations of the surrounding area hassle-free.

Hotel Livia stands out as a sanctuary for those seeking to immerse themselves in Albania's rich history and natural splendor, all while being treated to the comforts and hospitality that make for an unforgettable stay.