---\ntitle: "Hotel Villa Ambra"\ndescription: "Hotel Villa Ambra emerges as a serene oasis in Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374281540.jpg?k=c22564b578a5318660cca1a8369b260fd2a247064ae60909a27963fe8a1d64a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-ambra\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77826734\n  lng: 20.00786968\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374281540.jpg?k=c22564b578a5318660cca1a8369b260fd2a247064ae60909a27963fe8a1d64a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/250987891.jpg?k=0220b71e1120a238f755cc9082a573f703eb0ba188adec296622426b437977d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365023766.jpg?k=b106dcda2643b2f3151c4b21e11c54c7e2fd9e6c41a9f280771d077afb10554b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407689413.jpg?k=3372c3be5a7251622ac5610de0ed1e7b77456b9ae262ad66819854b729fc6399&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365022556.jpg?k=4c4bd53b4bc757585f640d76efe092c39fc05f66e11b6789455fdedeec8c33e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374281435.jpg?k=f002d150dd3c872f9f65f1cde27c5aee3a6a81bdb450586525acfa76cc291bb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469775780.jpg?k=1c195df6ba6cb4a8262b630df86e26689fd87a356087cd14fde0728877695373&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469775911.jpg?k=ebf92812810676f67fb92e9d1ed82c88f555440706ed2ec863d75f037653a360&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365036590.jpg?k=9de53302bbb94e0275b278c3c9ccce68c9f257e7a30f3f473cf2ca3eff808e4d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 19 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 100 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach-Ksamil 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 100 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1,000 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nataliia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The excellent location of this property is a quiet place, close to the beach, shops, restaurants. The center can be easily reached on foot, but loud music and traffic will not interfere with your relaxation. The sea water is very clean and warm,...”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very clean and modern room in a quiet place, very close to the beach( about 100 meters). Nice and kind hosts, willing to help you with everything. We’ve enjoyed our staying at the hotel and Ksamil.
Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Stefan_k"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Its a family business. They are always reachable for any kind of requests, help, advices.
The room was very clean with included kitchen and a small bathroom stall. We had two balconies (alternating one side facing the sun, the other facing the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studios-ambra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into rooms that blend comfort with functionality, each equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels, enhancing the stay experience. Select accommodations delight with breathtaking sea views, inviting guests to unwind on their private balconies. The presence of a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, ensuring refreshments are always at hand.

For those seeking adventure or relaxation, Hotel Villa Ambra is perfectly positioned. The surrounding area is a playground for activities such as fishing, snorkeling, and cycling, with the beachfront offering a sublime spot to relax and soak in the sun. Further afield, the allure of Ksamil Beach 7 awaits at a mere 1.5 km distance, while the historical marvels of Butrint National Park are just 3.9 km away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, located 94 km from the hotel, making Hotel Villa Ambra an accessible haven for both local and global visitors seeking a memorable stay by the sea.