---\ntitle: "Hotel Mali i Robit"\ndescription: "Hotel Mali i Robit emerges as a charming retreat just 100 meters from the pristine shores of Golem, providing guests with a serene escape that combines comfort with convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375324432.jpg?k=81f5d80b300f34095ca87b64c31bedb00cdb0c494353cd54c810ae11e986b6ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-mali-i-robit\naddress: "Mali i Robit, 2500 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23266402\n  lng: 19.51727897\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 77\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375324432.jpg?k=81f5d80b300f34095ca87b64c31bedb00cdb0c494353cd54c810ae11e986b6ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261650259.jpg?k=beda9cfca2147706c93b2c76e4fd46e261b033eb5380a4c523af2ae2a7fb0f5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865529.jpg?k=c8c5bba09ede6fa5f6f58dfcd0bd06b252e26d0ceba382815ac9b6ba7159a51c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444146101.jpg?k=30663808ebd00f9cec94427667058ceb96f6c8a4b3929fb548cced3d62cff76f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365853152.jpg?k=68d9116a2f6207cb1259374dd8d4d139b0c73d341de3e80ed580253b1f037d34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261650366.jpg?k=effc62ff899d9f87feaad0a99d34d43f98c1a290def46d1de49ca22e63fa62f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865507.jpg?k=f5528241bcc60fe4afff2dc93df1ce53e261aaf62e44ccaa1ebd5b9baaac0065&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373866930.jpg?k=da66f569e1807a2efde1422911fdcc56ade4d5f5da70688ea9368aed3e54905a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373865214.jpg?k=7e280d87be8d77921ad0e3037da35ee54c8f1b5053772cd2ac0531f7b076772a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 10 m"\n  - "Fishinn 2 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 200 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 450 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Exceptionally good service, always available and super friendly! Great location: not far from the beach but in the less noisy area. Very nice front yard with beautiful pine trees to hang out, cool playground for kids.”"\n  - name: "Stefan"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“I did like the family running this facility, they are so welcoming and positive. The hotel is renovated and it is very clean. Everything was working smooth. Nice location, very close to the beach. Nice pine trees keeping shadow, and big space for...”"\n  - name: "Amin"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“We mainly appreciated putting our rooms for our family next to each other, owners took into consideration our feedback, rooms were big and clean, owners and stuff very nice and friendly, location is very close to the beach and restaurants. Hotel...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/camping-mali-i-robit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe grounds of Hotel Mali i Robit are a testament to thoughtful design, featuring a lush garden and well-equipped barbecue facilities, perfect for leisurely afternoons under the sun. Around-the-clock service is a hallmark here, with a dedicated 24-hour front desk, attentive room service, and even currency exchange services ensuring a hassle-free stay for international guests.

Accommodations at Hotel Mali i Robit are designed with guest comfort in mind, boasting air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a DVD player for in-room entertainment, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. The inclusion of a desk in each room caters to the needs of business travelers or those simply wishing to pen a postcard home.

Morning at the hotel begins with a choice of continental or buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For families, the children's playground offers a safe and fun environment for the younger guests to enjoy, while the availability of bike and car hire services directly from the hotel encourages all guests to discover the local area's renowned hiking and cycling trails.

Situated a mere 44 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Mali i Robit also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions from air to accommodation. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beach or the comprehensive facilities on offer, Hotel Mali i Robit stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of leisure and adventure in Golem.