---\ntitle: "Hotel Grandpa's House"\ndescription: "Hotel Grandpa's House emerges as a charming retreat in Shkodër, situated a mere 45 km from the Port of Bar, offering a unique blend of comfort and leisure to its guests."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153759429.jpg?k=ca472635dc6e28c5abbdfb690f1c4cb99979923d173a503dc8d6feabf560eeb4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-grandpa-s-house\naddress: "SH41 Shpija e Gjyshit, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0381908\n  lng: 19.47601523\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 330\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153759429.jpg?k=ca472635dc6e28c5abbdfb690f1c4cb99979923d173a503dc8d6feabf560eeb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241278953.jpg?k=cd9431491b5c9a4fc2efb1080f1870694ac6e5721c0e9837ad52a85b12f3c2bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241278851.jpg?k=467f6241a52cdd4de43fccff27a56291910fac96c53566780b4fae996bf5c684&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478634118.jpg?k=87bddc3f960abaa3d9b40c3f8b444f72a331bf18ac63eef7c1229534fbc1021e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/189455287.jpg?k=c4e88a32548bf0fdcd6747ba13a9902b1610ead9b98592c99855ca05e389cb7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241278965.jpg?k=288e439004c3c5adb7a6a2804e8aa0e3d9e1b7a6209dbf42aa8f108247f8fafa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241469458.jpg?k=55e0c03966efb9266bc1a78279c4a2ab518764498004ceb989cd93473a21a812&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241469472.jpg?k=8f4a2cc006fb7b407f2b606fa1c1a94305c215b547edf6586ddd8dc199fdf5fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241469513.jpg?k=7b0e8863cc4733bb397962983d10ca0397136af99d50c15e1a95502876810798&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Lake View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Lake View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Lake View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Lake View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtëpia e Gjyshit 20 m"\n  - "Ristorante del Pescatore 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 1.7 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Serafin"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The location away from Shkodër in the mountains was perfect. We had a balcony with awesome views of the river and mountains. The hotel itself was beautiful. We tried the pool and spa that were very nice. Also the restaurant it was very good and we...”"\n  - name: "Lucy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was clean and comfy, nice view of the lake. The man on reception was lovely and helped us arrange our transport to Teth for our hike to valbona and the boat back. They let us keep our rental car on the property when we did this which...”"\n  - name: "Krys"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Views are amazing 👏 😍 staff are very helpful and food is absolutely delicious and not expensive 😋 obviously have to try the vine 👌definitely recommend 👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-shpija-e-gjyshit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Grandpa's House are thoughtfully designed to ensure maximum comfort, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a patio. The private bathrooms come with a bidet, enhancing the convenience of your stay, while a fridge in each room adds an extra layer of comfort for guests.

For those seeking relaxation and entertainment, the hotel boasts an indoor pool and a hot tub, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Moreover, the mountain views available from the property add a picturesque backdrop to your stay. Active guests will appreciate the availability of billiards and table tennis facilities, along with the opportunity to engage in snorkeling in the surrounding area, known for its natural beauty.

Located 63 km from Podgorica Airport, Hotel Grandpa's House also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free travel experience to and from the property. This hotel not only serves as a gateway to the enchanting landscapes of Shkodër but also as a cozy haven that promises a memorable stay for all who visit.