---\ntitle: "Hotel Vivas"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Vivas, a gem located just a stone's throw from a pristine sandy beach, offering guests the perfect blend of relaxation and activity."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304381018.jpg?k=eda868683d4a856d9bf6d5d819de814098e88ced510d0c6e96a7837ac1911d76&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vivas\naddress: "Lagjia 13, Ruga Apollonia , 4000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31406749\n  lng: 19.47511196\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 778\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 6.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304381018.jpg?k=eda868683d4a856d9bf6d5d819de814098e88ced510d0c6e96a7837ac1911d76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442145063.jpg?k=266cc94d5b30e79ac01abb89069cc62beb1eeda4d4454c1c05f70bc43ebeb610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442141909.jpg?k=8ef047613b124efed765f349351eb29ede685214cddee619382893dcfefe37e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304383350.jpg?k=cbc34517ab41e199472df51949441061d43d4dec5e7196dd577f4513f27076cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304381038.jpg?k=c01c9ed5440753bbc70585cd4769e670a64bc4e67f634668fae092eb51f8f05f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442140989.jpg?k=e5894d983b8ef34d0bd70683872991b1a016a5b4b77aa0b836ae04acd4cceb7a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Single Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rizai 50 m"\n  - "Cameria 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 40 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Geoff"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“What a refreshing change from English souless hotels.4 stars but specifically for welcome well run from management to housemaids.”"\n  - name: "Geneieve"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“\"I recently stayed at Hotel Vivas and had a fantastic experience. The staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating, making me feel right at home. The rooms were spotless, and I felt like my money was well spent. The location was perfect for...”"\n  - name: "Geoff"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Breakfast was good quality. Location was excellent and right on the beach.Terrace has superb sea views. Restaurant good standard and reasonable price. The management and staff very professional helpful and smart.Price for room very good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/belle-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Vivas is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning and a private balcony, ensuring a serene retreat for every guest. The in-room amenities, including a television and minibar, coupled with a bathroom stocked with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, add to the overall experience of ease and relaxation.

Guests can start their day with a rich buffet breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, which boasts a delightful summer terrace. The pool area, complete with deckchairs and parasols, provides a tranquil setting for guests to unwind, whether they prefer lounging by the water or enjoying the sandy beach just steps away.

For those looking to stay active, Hotel Vivas does not disappoint. The property features a well-equipped gym, table tennis, beach volleyball courts, and a children's playground. Tennis enthusiasts will find courts just a 20-minute walk away, and the surrounding area offers excellent biking and canoeing opportunities.

Convenience is key at Hotel Vivas, with free private parking and options for car and bike rental available on-site. A local bus stop directly in front of the hotel offers frequent services to the city center, making it easy to explore the nearby attractions, including the historic Roman Durrës Amphitheatre, just 3 km away. For travelers flying in or out, Tirana Airport is conveniently located 35 km from the hotel.

In summary, Hotel Vivas presents an inviting option for those looking to enjoy the beauty and culture of Durres, offering a range of facilities and services designed to cater to the needs of every guest.