---\ntitle: "Hotel JoAn"\ndescription: "Hotel JoAn stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the bustling Port of Sarande and the tranquil azure of the sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258921278.jpg?k=8ab9fa7ec7a0e2335f3258c657e95d9a7856f4450bd001debda6d44bca39272a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-joan\naddress: "Center Square n/n, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87444909\n  lng: 20.00809908\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 374\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258921278.jpg?k=8ab9fa7ec7a0e2335f3258c657e95d9a7856f4450bd001debda6d44bca39272a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262202628.jpg?k=8068fa03e8d59fd4006dec1a591bfca836372f9de9af4d0fb75a93714e53523e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473429945.jpg?k=ea7824b6a8bae6c7cbf3912aa2a87378bfbbccf83ce426ce03f5dcb8da139bc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473429826.jpg?k=013653fc96a56f18bc3f38047c5750c4ab081a70986033cb1de59316fab19316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473429586.jpg?k=c5e1ad8d254ecfd5a6b4eb12b2fabcbd425543d33466898abed16459f4ab2c1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473429342.jpg?k=7ac15ffe23a6cd9b168d7cc071418f0f648b9b937a6aa8d281e2b63033ec5c43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Standard Twin or Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony and City View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Antemis 30 m"\n  - "Pizza Blitz 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 150 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jevgenij"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Location, views, modern design, clean and friendly. Good value for money.”"\n  - name: "Bianca"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“Good location and a good breakfast! The room was clean and comfortable. Excellent value for money.”"\n  - name: "Lindsay"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Brilliant location - by centre and bus terminal
Free breakfast
Staff were lovely and helpful Extremely clean Nice size room and balcony.
View was room was ace.
Could pay by card”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hotel-joan.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon entering, visitors are greeted by elegantly appointed rooms, each boasting air conditioning and a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels. The thoughtful design of the rooms ensures that every guest enjoys either a mesmerizing sea view or a captivating cityscape, right from the comfort of their private quarters. Bathrooms are well-equipped with showers, complemented by the added luxury of slippers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that marries comfort with convenience.

For those seeking a moment of relaxation, select units feature cozy seating areas, providing a perfect nook to unwind after a day of exploration. The hotel's on-site bar serves as a social hub, inviting guests to enjoy a refreshing drink in a relaxed atmosphere.

Strategically located, Hotel JoAn offers easy access to the enchanting Butrint National Park, just 17.5 km away, and the mesmerizing Blue Eye, reachable within 20 km. A mere 50 metres from the hotel, guests can find a local bus station, facilitating exploration of the surrounding area. Additionally, the Sarandë Port, located 750 metres from the hotel, provides a convenient 30-minute ferry line to Corfu Island, home to the Corfu Ioannis Kapodistria International Airport. For those journeying from further afield, Tirana International Airport is 280 km away, making Hotel JoAn an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

Hotel JoAn emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of local charm, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Sarandë.