---\ntitle: "Hotel Dodona"\ndescription: "Hotel Dodona emerges as a serene oasis on the private shores of Sarandë, boasting a seasonal outdoor pool and the luxury of free Wi-Fi in public areas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/48030358.jpg?k=4e979b9a3d6f500c51302efed915636885f0fc949b269de27833f6eda607c1bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-dodona\naddress: "Kanali i Cukes, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.84907356\n  lng: 20.02031922\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 674\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/48030358.jpg?k=4e979b9a3d6f500c51302efed915636885f0fc949b269de27833f6eda607c1bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104387539.jpg?k=64094c664875b12540cf93eafc285d77ff8ca7a13e96f5ba0465cd9a6bdf75fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203006359.jpg?k=459ed9e17e3e9ee40ea124ad8b82900e21d8f568663ce49b9c8a3a468da62e6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/19403519.jpg?k=bc6e925c032ef6a1bc64696f051ca35a18ed201939d88aead2aa818825e568e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201480066.jpg?k=b93317e4f97d5bb0244af9b0c0ce87a8957d14839bde16bb7ce28401f15cf0c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/48898551.jpg?k=1a4007272ac7c7e12f943e2faf3d03b085237607655e7b8b20e5984aec2c3a83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209385921.jpg?k=9926113d4fe53333ceb8ca70c9a689db7fc937213edbb84c9f650b21022ebdcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209385536.jpg?k=4fc0f14093e212465d9a78bfffe1675d2b29069913cf7db55cd46f8739cd0ad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202408941.jpg?k=36137248e170ffac060c3d94190d3d559b43a4c9833539003010388a43a931c6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "River View 200 m"\n  - "Sunrise 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 550 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1 km"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 300 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bassanty"\n    country: "Kuwait"\n    text: "“Every thing was great staff, room, food and the beach for sure we will visit again for longer stay”"\n  - name: "Steve"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“On arrival the manager found for us a small room with a large balcony overlooking the beach and sea from the fourth floor. It was the last one available and it made our stay wonderful. The view was spectacular. The hotel itself is older but...”"\n  - name: "Matilda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I travel a lot for work in Saranda and Dodona is my favorite hotel. Beautiful view of the city and great customer service. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dodona.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe on-site bar and restaurant elevate the dining experience, offering a menu that traverses international, Albanian, and Italian cuisines, all savored on a terrace that overlooks the tranquil waters. The convenience of free parking adds to the seamless experience provided at Hotel Dodona.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is a mere 100 meters from a bus stop, offering easy access to explore the vibrant life of Sarandë. For those seeking local provisions, a grocery shop lies just 1.5 km away. The heart of Sarandë, with its Main Bus and Train Stations and the Ferry Port, is located 4 km from the hotel, making it an ideal base for adventurers and leisure seekers alike.

Beyond the comforts of the hotel, the region beckons with its rich history and natural beauty. The ruins of Lëkurësi Castle, a testament to the architectural prowess of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent, stand 6 km away. The enchanting Ksamil Islands, a mere 10 km distance, offer a picturesque escape, while the Butrint National Park, 12 km away, invites guests to wander through ancient Roman ruins. For diving enthusiasts, the Blue Eye, a renowned diving spot, is approximately 20 km from Hotel Dodona, promising an unforgettable adventure beneath the waves.

Hotel Dodona stands as a testament to the perfect blend of historical intrigue, natural beauty, and modern luxury, making it a must-visit destination for travelers seeking a unique and enriching experience on the Albanian coast.