---\ntitle: "Hotel Taverna Zisi"\ndescription: "Hotel Taverna Zisi emerges as a charming retreat in Ersekë, boasting a harmonious blend of comfort and convenience with its array of amenities designed for the modern traveler."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216664669.jpg?k=f8962ae93d1d955be7fe94bed1dc9ff60d6ac7a57e85f0207e4a6406a74df7b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-taverna-zisi\naddress: "Rruga e Deshmoreve Erseke Stadiumi Gramozi, 7401 Ersekë, Albania"\ncity: "Ersekë"\nlocation: "Ersekë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.334832\n  lng: 20.678909\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 97\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216664669.jpg?k=f8962ae93d1d955be7fe94bed1dc9ff60d6ac7a57e85f0207e4a6406a74df7b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379846423.jpg?k=9ae25eb4ec49423ed9eb0947982f141cb14e1dbe9677a84a021fa05db899381d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379850970.jpg?k=83a0834209aed27aa8714e4acf0fc0add5078e03e46b63057fdb99ae3ff41b01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379975845.jpg?k=befcbd590b2ee3e6aa69f2704f73b0d05c5804906605076f708c2b5772c2c0d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379848376.jpg?k=860939223f10491c66da937e1fb4e72efc7b0cd50d53cc24575f8cd8fedd55af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379850982.jpg?k=306dc36685aa27a6e2f07a953e5b329c0da6cfced0b28e9a6ace486016aa2737&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379975773.jpg?k=75201d63285be5ce118d9207b183d3715700acf1c7cee8363af8ec6d7eb575bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388048566.jpg?k=e199256da7df1f82f86f0f34e23c4763d9361f54b7391b6f8f56e7b6d5077ed7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379849284.jpg?k=5c0df14605309412eba2327fb6626817f094e9ba1431019552007bb01b24b70b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Gramozi 200 m"\n  - "Confectionery Gramozi 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pindus National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 52 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 92 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lyuben"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Pleasant place to stay if you are in the region of Erseka in South Albania. The accommodation part of the complex is attached to a restaurant, it's just in the end of the town, so really convenient if you are traveling by car (plenty of parking...”"\n  - name: "Dariusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Excellent option to stay overnight while travelling via SH75. New, clean, modern interiors and equipment. Very good price/quality ratio. Definitely worth to recommend!”"\n  - name: "Pekka"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“A cozy hotel in a quiet location, sufficient breakfast and the possibility to eat in the restaurant as well. The staff is nice and friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/taverna-zisi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Taverna Zisi are thoughtfully appointed, featuring flat-screen TVs in every room, ensuring guests can unwind in a space that feels both intimate and luxurious. The inclusion of private bathrooms equipped with bidets adds a touch of sophistication to the guest experience.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its multilingual staff, proficient in English, Spanish, and Italian, who are available 24/7 at the front desk to assist with any needs or inquiries. Whether it's arranging day trips or providing local recommendations, the team at Hotel Taverna Zisi goes above and beyond to ensure a memorable stay.

Families will appreciate the children's playground, a testament to the hotel's family-friendly ethos, while the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking further enhances the guest experience. Situated 112 km from Kastoria National Airport, the hotel offers a serene escape while remaining accessible for international travelers.

Hotel Taverna Zisi stands out as a preferred choice for those seeking a blend of tranquility, comfort, and attentive service in the heart of Ersekë.