---\ntitle: "Hotel ZEKA"\ndescription: "Hotel ZEKA emerges as a modern oasis in Ksamil, just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260007609.jpg?k=ab503b24cb7fe0658939a4a657f37cc0b22497deb455d2c3630ab6947b67a4bf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-zeka\naddress: "ksamil ksamil, Rruga Baba Sherifi, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76994709\n  lng: 20.00759463\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260007609.jpg?k=ab503b24cb7fe0658939a4a657f37cc0b22497deb455d2c3630ab6947b67a4bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307959998.jpg?k=1b052f91ce95be228353a253d9693e6729cd317137eda93eda7311be1f1b8d13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307959798.jpg?k=87f58e86d59ce5921f6fe8c4df227da2881f7219183e8187549c2796dc18a739&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307959820.jpg?k=eeed67e3b7dc4dcc1ecd18bb6301f2d575daa435df60b6b90c79595ad430cc84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260322028.jpg?k=b6f22039b725ab997d08b24324093b02d72a0d9b7dec2911ddd1908f481a9821&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260322016.jpg?k=91ea5b03186abb47c60493d54986914bfb9d7e62b8261e04597ff170704bc1ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260322041.jpg?k=9748b8dc171cb18935bf8a4f308b0b686432c786ec29126ab26964129db64f54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260322022.jpg?k=ade25ee1f8c4c618bc4fcda0b014a4dd548184c605230f611671bb2f3cf05d4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307959836.jpg?k=9a3308608a7922ccf70755ace4d630e3b8f3d23fc087492d66a094a99eea7f20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260007596.jpg?k=49a8477674fff9d30b73ce7c3b02871d4f07d6ae9e5c2e87aec16bde65a407a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474049414.jpg?k=8ed02b367f03c0211bb7dedec89590c1aaa17d00d83877984626b14ae9ca22c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260322032.jpg?k=abb43c9f5820f4ca4bc6528075fb31c9ef916706c5b4b03fe491f17ccb2319b0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 200 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Teodora"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The room was perfect, very clean. It had shampoo and soap. The staff were changing the towels every other day and clean the room. The balcony is also great with view to the lake. Everything in the room is new and beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Perfectly clean to the point there were no signs that someone else stayed in the room before. The staff was friendly and welcoming everything was like in the pictures. Everything you need is in 10min walking distance. The hotel exceeded our...”"\n  - name: "Stoychev"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The location was perfect! It was around 10 minutes away from the beach by walking. The owner was very nice and polite. The room was very clean and the balcony was very big.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zeka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of amenities designed for the utmost comfort and convenience of its guests. Each room is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with air conditioning, ample storage, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels. The addition of a balcony in every room provides guests with a charming cityscape view, inviting them to unwind in their private outdoor space. Select accommodations go a step further, featuring a fully-equipped kitchen with a stovetop, perfect for those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while traveling.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Hotel ZEKA ensures connectivity and ease for all guests with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the property. The convenience extends to a 24-hour front desk, airport transfer services, and an ATM on-site, ensuring a seamless stay from arrival to departure.

For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, the hotel offers bike hire, making it easy to venture out and discover the local landscape. The region is celebrated for its cycling routes, offering an engaging way to experience the natural beauty and charm of Ksamil.

Situated near several of Ksamil's most sought-after beaches, including Bora Bora Beach and the serene Ksamil Beach 7, Hotel ZEKA serves as an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. With Corfu International Airport 93 km away, the hotel remains conveniently accessible for international travelers seeking a tranquil retreat by the Albanian Riviera.

In summary, Hotel ZEKA stands as a beacon of modernity and comfort, inviting guests to experience the best of Ksamil's natural beauty, cultural heritage, and leisure activities, all from the doorstep of this distinguished accommodation.