---\ntitle: "Hotel Epoka"\ndescription: "Hotel Epoka stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Shkodër, situated a mere 49 km from the bustling Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442023784.jpg?k=34cb265049626b1d983199f215716f38a5304798af677c383e3425c44d23dca7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-epoka\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Riza Pasha, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06934937\n  lng: 19.51613644\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 497\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442023784.jpg?k=34cb265049626b1d983199f215716f38a5304798af677c383e3425c44d23dca7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442009224.jpg?k=0b5338f5177c2eaa22a2523b2f645b8ba572936c591cb8ac154604acf2e38c71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442011900.jpg?k=2b3f0d194d9e9d2dc3be3ec370a1c90229c63354d5a5056c48c55a60783bfceb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442022838.jpg?k=a594388ff639e1f218935d96d78535628e9e2c9fd259739a6a1f903db717cf62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442004394.jpg?k=6f36822625f611b31532e72f3c3f3c846e089f600c1ecc95d88a204f66bf8c3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442009570.jpg?k=5a92aceb4740562f53e8cf9f18979c4ca74249fbc386e61b70d89dbad7fcc964&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Queen Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cafe INCAS 20 m"\n  - "club INSOMNIA 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.1 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tahiri"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The hosts were fantastic, and the experience was flawless. Excited to book with you again!”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Comfortable beds, clean room, good location. There’s parking space right in front of the hotel. You can book the transport to Vallbona there which costs 24€ per person and they come and pick you up. We were allowed to leave the luggage at the...”"\n  - name: "Rene"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Its a hotel, so all the challenges of finding places and booking in were side stepped. You pay a bit extra and reduce the hassle . You know what you are likely to get and it was nice that it lived up to expectations.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/epoka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into Hotel Epoka, visitors are greeted by a dedicated 24-hour front desk, ready to cater to their needs at any hour. The promise of seamless connectivity is fulfilled with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, a testament to the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

The rooms at Hotel Epoka are a study in comfort and convenience, each equipped with a kettle for those moments when a warm drink is just what's needed. Air conditioning and flat-screen TVs are standard in every room, ensuring a stay that's as relaxing as it is entertaining. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms boast balconies, offering private outdoor spaces to unwind.

Culinary needs are not overlooked, with the hotel offering a choice between a buffet or continental breakfast, starting each day on a delicious note.

For travelers concerned with accessibility, Podgorica Airport is conveniently located just 58 km away, making Hotel Epoka an ideal choice for both local and international guests seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Shkodër.