---\ntitle: "Hotel Argenti"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Shkodra with a stay at Hotel Argenti, a gem that stands just a short 5-minute stroll from the bustling city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409779612.jpg?k=0986bd7113d1a0a4b03445ed294285ead0a14d1e603b33996e2f179470e89685&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-argenti\naddress: "Bulevardi \"Mehmet Pashe Plaku\", 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.05727298\n  lng: 19.50341195\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.2\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 183\nratings:\n  overall: 7.2\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 7.1\n  facilities: 6.9\n  value: 7.6\n  comfort: 7\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 5.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409779612.jpg?k=0986bd7113d1a0a4b03445ed294285ead0a14d1e603b33996e2f179470e89685&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116192723.jpg?k=d289b9c9948e9fec4c2f2540ba5b5407ed01f4e1b60e0099baf2bcc01b540ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116190815.jpg?k=ecf75d115a692049973ae159b35070f0b64fa26004f0abe025ea16407e2d9fa7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60297313.jpg?k=5ef87aa904db96ec989884221fbc6d813999d2fcb49eff535a918543e74411ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60297300.jpg?k=2d0a392f7b212179654304ea1a01f219e723cd29a2d1140c7aea0c39d38c6f96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60297305.jpg?k=7877158edd5094b8737ec68d8ab9b5a8fc7b91f7c1657aab4914bfdb737c8900&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Argenti 20 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 1.4 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/argenti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Argenti is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, cable TV, a desk, and a minibar for your convenience. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower and a balcony adds to the room's appeal, ensuring a pleasant stay.

The culinary experience at Hotel Argenti is not to be missed. The hotel’s restaurant serves breakfast daily and offers a selection of traditional and Mediterranean specialties à la carte, promising a delightful dining experience. For those in need, laundry services are readily available upon request.

The hotel’s prime location means guests are never far from the heart of Shkodra’s vibrant bars, restaurants, and shops. For nature enthusiasts, the National Park Lake Skhoda is a mere 500 meters away, offering a natural retreat, while the coast is accessible within 28 km for those craving a beach day.

Transportation is conveniently close, with bus stops just 200 meters from the hotel, and for those flying in, Tirana Airport is 98 km away. Hotel Argenti also offers an airport shuttle service upon request, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Hotel Argenti stands out as a perfect blend of convenience, comfort, and hospitality, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Shkodra.