---\ntitle: "Hotel Cajupi"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Gjirokastër with a stay at Hotel Cajupi, a gem that offers more than just a place to rest your head."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/278699703.jpg?k=b0310a678a5099e83f5b832fa1be81ee736d7fee001788057b80b51678453250&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-cajupi\naddress: "Sheshi Cerciz Topulli, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.0745721\n  lng: 20.13996452\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/278699703.jpg?k=b0310a678a5099e83f5b832fa1be81ee736d7fee001788057b80b51678453250&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239629585.jpg?k=ea4c2fe16f33acbb21bccd40947405a69c864f9401f47ec321a9db2a0f5b6551&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239628872.jpg?k=f7186201231a57997afbe842e19933ad717d4ca61244b03256ac274a1940e1b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241156283.jpg?k=dd438bbf769d8ec576422eedd58aac7447d691c36138983528b9564e63bc49a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/240385800.jpg?k=b9dd51ffde469f45c1b4696589237418a2c996bb44f5ff1f4ac7b5c039d9eb0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239899435.jpg?k=1b871d5c972cb950ee809dd5d2a598caccd2a2eccbc9c23322cee5af61710097&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Park 40 m"\n  - "Hotel Sopoti 50 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ergys"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location as its right in rhe centre of town.”"\n  - name: "Eleni"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Υπέροχο το ξενοδοχείο. Άριστο το ροσωπικό. Ιδανική η περιοχή.”"\n  - name: "Sabri"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Generell alles, die Zimmer waren sehr sauber, der Service war sehr toll und nett, Morgenessen besonders gut und natürlich die Stadt! Vom Hotel aus ist alles schnell zu Fuss erreichbar.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cajupi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Cajupi is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, cable TV, and a cozy seating area, ensuring a relaxing retreat after a day of exploration. The convenience of having a private bathroom with either a shower or bath adds to the comfort of your stay.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site restaurant, where the fusion of Italian and Albanian cuisine promises a delightful dining experience. The buffet breakfast is a perfect start to the day, offering a variety of options to suit every palate.

The hotel's bar, with its expansive terrace, offers a unique vantage point over the town, making it an ideal spot for unwinding with a drink while soaking in the views. The lobby's lounge area, complete with daily newspapers, provides a relaxed setting for catching up on the day's events.

For those visiting on business or hosting events, Hotel Cajupi's meeting and banquet facilities cater to a range of professional needs, ensuring every event is a success.

The hotel's prime location means that guests are just a 10-minute walk from museums, cultural centers, the bustling bazaar, and convenient public transport stations. Adventure seekers will find the Nature Park, accessible within a half-hour drive, an inviting escape into the natural beauty of the region. Moreover, the Albanian coast, with its breathtaking beaches, is only an hour's drive away.

While Tirana Airport is a 5-hour drive from the hotel, and the Greek border can be reached in an hour, the journey is well worth the promise of an unforgettable stay at Hotel Cajupi, where every detail is thoughtfully curated to enhance your visit to Gjirokastër.