---\ntitle: "Hotel Sokrati"\ndescription: "Hotel Sokrati emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309306111.jpg?k=0443449fc073117a389ba138269726bd0b4d8028ba323ba86c781b7983c67b88&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-sokrati\naddress: "Rruga Peti, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.303583\n  lng: 19.809819\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 427\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309306111.jpg?k=0443449fc073117a389ba138269726bd0b4d8028ba323ba86c781b7983c67b88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309304165.jpg?k=553b924399071f45ae28a8eb7b57026f015384cb6a855b002e9906c351a9dde1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309308738.jpg?k=dd04276c7f816a6f1d429efea5986fd2d628aa506561ee612e15afbfacb184ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309308216.jpg?k=3e5c95de55c33c81066317e746b5e3e3e53351f78957d82b328c1cabbeb6b7b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331232699.jpg?k=25902a6b5df29f069d658b5340b60e358a434180cc6b9fa132a172d3695c802d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309308105.jpg?k=4b68bd5fa41192aed4a86afd16313472b8d1b5ab5e6d7705ab198ec78d58c1d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309304372.jpg?k=91563d9a9ca5f6a2eb97c6c7d0ccddca1c5eac9e036e4d00ee2350bd14f15bb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309305507.jpg?k=adc61147e79926c878134ffa599206b6f4860783a8e5e34603b5509824816298&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309306201.jpg?k=367acd5799b6e1443043dc8fa3a0a4f9ee0c6b279aef68e26726cee824863f66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309305647.jpg?k=ba87b6b86caa511230d05c20b1ec10c921794ca7358ba12db7cc9ad17413701d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350424770.jpg?k=94c953d4133b138d3e4f2f5a35e92af0669932a6cbd93678029b9caab067a389&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331232681.jpg?k=3a453781835965bcb81ac11341d422a9f90898688532be9067397ab8324b067b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tiku& Mato 400 m"\n  - "Tissi Bar 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pylli Orbital 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Donata"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Our stay was amazing! The apartments were very clean, very quiet location. The breakfasts were excellent and filling. We traveled as a family of 9, and everyone was extremely satisfied with our experience. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Denise"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Fantastic room design, super comfy bed, linens and pillows, love the shower and bathroom sink, the best designed hotel room I have seen. Location is quiet, very residential but good restaurants in walking distance. Great lake 2 walking minutes...”"\n  - name: "Dario_1984"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect.
Especially, girl on recepcion was very kind and helpful.
For sure, we will come again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sokrati.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering a seamless stay, underscored by a 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfer services, attentive room service, and the convenience of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Accommodations at Hotel Sokrati are thoughtfully designed, featuring essential amenities such as air conditioning, safety deposit boxes, and flat-screen TVs, ensuring a restful and secure environment.

Culinary needs are well catered to with a selection of continental and halal breakfast options available each morning, providing a delightful start to the day. For those keen on immersing themselves in the local culture and landscape, cycling opportunities abound in the surrounding area, inviting guests to explore Tirana's charm at their own pace.

Moreover, Hotel Sokrati addresses the needs of business travelers with its comprehensive ironing service and business facilities, including fax and photocopying services, ensuring that professional requirements are met with ease.

Nature enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to the Grand Park of Tirana and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, both located 3 km away, offering peaceful retreats amidst the city's hustle and bustle. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 16 km from the hotel, making Hotel Sokrati an ideal gateway to the wonders of Tirana and beyond.