---\ntitle: "Hotel Palace"\ndescription: "Hotel Palace emerges as a modern retreat in the heart of Vlorë, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores and the bustling Porti Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149784327.jpg?k=a55c2f20f323935c9c737387b9356da3f29138c7e4718dba34abe8ce20b4a7e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-palace\naddress: "Rr\"Gjergj Arianiti\" Vlore Albania, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45803473\n  lng: 19.48387742\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 125\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149784327.jpg?k=a55c2f20f323935c9c737387b9356da3f29138c7e4718dba34abe8ce20b4a7e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74346575.jpg?k=0cfe13984ee1f4339f4162b2ebea73ef83881738e22a7231d7caadf5f0c0b9e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149281157.jpg?k=fc51680efb86cda759ca553dafa2cc973494b0c6bbfb046400be7b82a9937c03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74403359.jpg?k=00caa9aa8a9227cc760ddc38133d0dcd16fa04b8635f3a078758ddee8dbbf12d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75746705.jpg?k=ff53ff117691cfe4c831f8e8ef0080f5348045eb0018629025566c97fdbb6fc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75747336.jpg?k=30cb044e0e6c9f6bf9e7071705a62ae694efee57dc5e4bd48c98b661fbf1de56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Superior King Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Colosseo 100 m"\n  - "Check-in daisy 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 600 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Beri"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hotel Palace was a great choice for visiting Vlore and a great price. It’s in the center of the city. It’s a 5 minutes to the beach and the commercial centre of the city.
Rooms ar nice , big and comfortable .”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very good service in the reception. Very clean. Perfect location. I would definitely stay there again.”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very good location. Perfect service. Good breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Palace cater to a variety of preferences and needs. Select rooms elevate the relaxation experience with private bathrooms equipped with spa baths, while others ensure comfort with plush bathrobes and slippers. The thoughtful inclusion of seating areas in certain rooms offers guests a cozy nook for unwinding. Whether it's a terrace or a balcony, some accommodations provide that much-desired outdoor space to breathe in the fresh air or enjoy a moment of solitude. Essential amenities such as complimentary toiletries and hairdryers are standard, ensuring a stay that marries convenience with luxury. Entertainment needs are not overlooked, with flat-screen TVs available in every room.

For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, Hotel Palace facilitates this adventure with a bike rental service. Additionally, the hotel’s willingness to arrange shuttle services upon request underscores its commitment to guest convenience and satisfaction. Situated 50 km from Dhërmi, the hotel serves as an ideal base for guests aiming to explore the wider region.

The on-site restaurant is a highlight, promising an array of culinary delights that are sure to satisfy any palate. Whether it's for a leisurely stay or a base to explore the enchanting surroundings, Hotel Palace stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking modern comforts and impeccable service.