---\ntitle: "Hotel Garden Albania"\ndescription: "Hotel Garden Albania emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Qerret Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400095452.jpg?k=30d33fba963243e7d296867f1f969abcc164a9cf09ef6bfe1120ec90e93d7873&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-garden-albania\naddress: "mali i robit Rruga fshatrave turistike 2, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.22921479\n  lng: 19.5193703\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400095452.jpg?k=30d33fba963243e7d296867f1f969abcc164a9cf09ef6bfe1120ec90e93d7873&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400102977.jpg?k=d13027b73899759db3e4730700d6f083733b7a38e52c71d9082046fcabe2dff9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400093300.jpg?k=9bc34426992208353115a1edbcd74a18bc6c63d90c65dd475558ad818c0a9788&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400102187.jpg?k=f6afc074b935c7968aa124cfbddf16c8c5bcd094d822859d1f3d2b53bd33995a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400097480.jpg?k=d1febcdd38d4101dcf91b2684cbb171ab0d04922c70ee82dd6c45776f3702db9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458552555.jpg?k=850db4cf0739827dac122599eb028e81dccfd3e5ede9e83f4306c6ece2d34f13&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room (1 Adult + 1 Child)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baca 300 m"\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 500 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-albania-durazzo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nSituated within a leisurely stroll from the sandy expanse of Mali I Robit Beach, the hotel invites guests into a world of comfort and tranquility. Each room opens up to a private balcony, offering a peaceful retreat where guests can savor the beauty of their surroundings. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with essential amenities, including a wardrobe and bed linen, ensuring a restful stay. The highlight of each room is undoubtedly the terrace, presenting a picturesque garden view that promises to enchant.

Beyond the allure of garden vistas, select rooms at Hotel Garden Albania treat guests to breathtaking mountain views. The presence of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and hairdryer, adds a touch of convenience, while the inclusion of a fridge in the units allows for moments of refreshment at any time.

For those eager to explore beyond the hotel's tranquil confines, Golem Beach awaits at a mere 2.2 km distance, offering a perfect setting for sun-soaked adventures. Meanwhile, the historic Skanderbeg Square is located 48 km away, presenting an opportunity for cultural exploration. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 42 km from the hotel, guests will find Hotel Garden Albania to be an accessible haven, blending comfort and convenience for an unforgettable stay.