---\ntitle: "Hotel Rosa Blu"\ndescription: "Hotel Rosa Blu emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399101581.jpg?k=5cb4b3a5666afe9cc1fd1cc459a6868c6214771ede3328197c2be6295c76f264&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-rosa-blu\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajes, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32687728\n  lng: 19.80752392\nprice: "US$151"\npriceFrom: 151\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1181\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 6.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399101581.jpg?k=5cb4b3a5666afe9cc1fd1cc459a6868c6214771ede3328197c2be6295c76f264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399102670.jpg?k=3a2249b851f402a1009ca98b9d3e429ace8fad0aeb3ccf203324159b85f733f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399102842.jpg?k=09ccedc5abaf9afef690889a7385b152f97f5595b9929841eea84998508584f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485244062.jpg?k=c31834c4567decb24a5d484681ff5ad5a20c50cd9adf2a27bf429ad490950145&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485243477.jpg?k=c7eca4f104f18abf3f211a0ece2fffdf948334d0a230980454f7b893add2f48a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399104630.jpg?k=ff58d45a58ce93761b25107740e081d193bbd3484b56156d4285782d9ae9fe37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 30 m"\n  - "Piki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/g-kam.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Wellness & Spa"\nbestCategories: "Wellness & Spa"\ncategory: "Wellness & Spa"\n---\n\nConnectivity is effortless with free WiFi throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected, whether for leisure or business. The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service standards, featuring room service and a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs around the clock.

For those looking to unwind, the spa and wellness center offers a sanctuary within the city. Complete with an indoor pool, sauna, and hot tub, it promises relaxation and rejuvenation. Additionally, the bar serves as a perfect spot for evening relaxation or casual meetings.

Accommodations at Hotel Rosa Blu are thoughtfully equipped, with each unit boasting a fridge among other amenities, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay.

The hotel's location is ideally positioned for guests eager to explore Tirana's rich history and vibrant culture. Attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making Hotel Rosa Blu an excellent base for both short and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.