---\ntitle: "Hotel AlMar"\ndescription: "Hotel AlMar stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, offering guests a unique blend of modern amenities and serene sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469669650.jpg?k=4d8fb920feae771d0dba3112c23530f976bdfd4aca0710b0edf34b603b04f068&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-almar\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9000 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77127961\n  lng: 20.00462512\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 156\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469669650.jpg?k=4d8fb920feae771d0dba3112c23530f976bdfd4aca0710b0edf34b603b04f068&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376101623.jpg?k=745790dfc9840d84530bb8bddbffc1fed66cb05ec82d57aca294178f9de74939&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445950977.jpg?k=d7cd8a71c4a16762861109d08907c056c56c0a4641c5b9a0f19a4c9c19feca10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469671318.jpg?k=265010c8df537d3a7de62c7f1b1bf86522bcadeb189e5ae895818267333ed4b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466020081.jpg?k=14f2ac5db8199be3b765afe50e0a700cf2fc701928eb7d098db648882c3df5a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441678410.jpg?k=958bb5edb495c212938afdc881090a901d5d770530dc6254a8faf5c34220c0ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444781947.jpg?k=599ba070453a16dc1646fc96ba294d37a515f9461fd121313d463dc3760654b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470141642.jpg?k=fbe6d55f58ba8962c498a965fc65e34dd00bec1630880da01333671e57749499&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470141426.jpg?k=3bb7ba6271e3852f2fbab98f42de3ea193eafa873caff6e4ca5ec4303b1049d5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AMarino 50 m"\n  - "Fourth Island 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 250 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ognjen"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Great location in city centre, great host and staff.”"\n  - name: "Козак"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel in the city center. The beach is about 7 minutes walk, there are many cafes and restaurants around. The owners of the hotel are a very nice family who try their best to do everything to make the guests happy.”"\n  - name: "Alicja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Located right in the city center, 5 minutes walk to the best beaches. Sea view from the balcony. Breakfast included. Friendly staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-marku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach accommodation option at Hotel AlMar is meticulously designed for comfort, boasting balconies that offer guests breathtaking views of the sea. The interiors are equipped with a seating area and a flat-screen TV for entertainment, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. For those seeking the convenience of home-cooked meals, the apartments come with a fully equipped kitchen. Additionally, private bathrooms are stocked with complimentary toiletries, adding an extra touch of luxury to the guest experience.

Situated just 2.6 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park, Hotel AlMar offers an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and historical richness of the area. Whether visiting for leisure or seeking a tranquil retreat, guests will find Hotel AlMar to be an unparalleled choice for their stay in Ksamil.