---\ntitle: "Hotel Erioni"\ndescription: "Hotel Erioni stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295540917.jpg?k=ced2672aae5649681718cb69557e00f186c0309324725cf97fdd34ed9b046e71&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-erioni\naddress: "Sarande,Rruga Guri Nazifi 49, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87189015\n  lng: 19.99183413\nprice: "US$24"\npriceFrom: 24\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 369\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295540917.jpg?k=ced2672aae5649681718cb69557e00f186c0309324725cf97fdd34ed9b046e71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295540902.jpg?k=461de361f0d91a7a4151140926d1a0dc5ca139a215e72779c9f261f608167c6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339605311.jpg?k=68c29ad2585e5c70192b32219de4d40be8fee0f1b7f68c77e48836e31fd978d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339605632.jpg?k=6efb66af5c40680edb729dcd326d43a83f52af2f067f151daaa72b09094aa7b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295545041.jpg?k=599321937cd84c4bd6198ed95114e337a4990ab027be48e1495f6fdeb7dd1be3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/295541082.jpg?k=9fa5ae42e1eee0fb2873d8188fe0b8804a46330c9dfb4fb40fa71ebde4021c75&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Standard Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 100 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ahmad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is the best sea view we didn’t take breakfast”"\n  - name: "Rachael"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This little property was lovely, had lots of space and all the facilities you need. Great views from the balcony. Slightly isolated without a car but walking distance to shops and the beach, was peaceful to spend a quiet few days. The staff were...”"\n  - name: "Tomas"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Nice room with an equipped kitchen, multiple parking spots are available there and it is a good starting point for exploring the nearby beaches. City centre is a bit further away but still possible to walk there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/erioni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBeyond its enviable location, Hotel Erioni ensures a hassle-free stay with complimentary WiFi and private parking exclusively for guests. Since its opening in 2001, the hotel has been committed to providing a welcoming atmosphere, complete with a terrace that offers a unique vantage point of the city's vibrant life.

Accommodations at Hotel Erioni cater to a variety of preferences, including select rooms that boast balconies with captivating city views. For those who prefer the comforts of home, options are available with a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a fridge and an oven, ensuring that every stay is as comfortable as possible.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Ioannina Airport located 98 km away, making Hotel Erioni a convenient choice for international and domestic travelers alike. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the charm of Sarandë itself, Hotel Erioni provides an inviting retreat for those looking to experience the best of the region.