---\ntitle: "Hotel MIK"\ndescription: "Hotel MIK emerges as a serene oasis in Korçë, merely a stone's throw away from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507357387.jpg?k=efdd6d48ce02ce35d38822e93eab465f72ae5fe8d32e040239166af93b607ac1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-mik\naddress: "Bulevardi Fan Noli Lagjja 7 Ish-Materniteti i vjeter, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61499681\n  lng: 20.77816385\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507357387.jpg?k=efdd6d48ce02ce35d38822e93eab465f72ae5fe8d32e040239166af93b607ac1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507448625.jpg?k=06ee94b6a26eda3db5d5bc06e6a7b6ad3916a398d00539a54981473f3b0efa18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507450715.jpg?k=51dac3043164ba66549f6dc8cfb1681387d57331d3cfb1fcd7ce13b2d466db13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507450728.jpg?k=1fc29128a69e75e0c19e65a5e61f733d20efd48c48401f49f0a13451e86f08c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507357430.jpg?k=7b8c3953560ef65bb784d7774fa49152b999054a8754fd91b269c0634f6a8613&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507357433.jpg?k=593858bfa5acca7d6bb213291df58ec753ae456cf0782ca079035d1e17799344&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "O2 Boutique 100 m"\n  - "Poseidon 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 100 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 400 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 500 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was quite good, the room had plenty of space and was very comfortable, all the facilities were good and the staff was very helpful, parking was just in front of the hotel and the breakfast was excellent.”"\n  - name: "Nensi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I find the hotel clean , comfortable . The hotel was new only 1 month opened. Distance from The Cathedral of Korça is only 150 m. You can visit the city Korça by walk. You can find a parking area just in front of the hotel. The staff was kind and...”"\n  - name: "Andi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was good location facilities the rooms was clean and very big the staff was very great and helpfull i suggest to everyone to go”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mik.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into Hotel MIK, guests are greeted with a meticulously maintained garden that sets the tone for a tranquil retreat. The on-site restaurant and bar further elevate the experience, promising delightful culinary adventures with every meal.

The guest rooms at Hotel MIK are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room is equipped with a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing stay. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are furnished with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine.

For those looking to explore the surrounding area, the hotel's reception is a treasure trove of information, offering invaluable guidance to help guests navigate the local attractions with ease.

Situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Hotel MIK stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Korçë.