---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Verde City Center"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Verde City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74335393.jpg?k=edc268987a4c9008917b17962f8eb9e6886595943618843c33c237ac9adccacd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-verde-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Isa Boletini, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33322619\n  lng: 19.82236463\nprice: "US$124"\npriceFrom: 124\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 477\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74335393.jpg?k=edc268987a4c9008917b17962f8eb9e6886595943618843c33c237ac9adccacd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194968070.jpg?k=f40388981e5f321c15e7d0897e2804794b30803eff493d91c869d0eddefa45ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39775370.jpg?k=7f0e71a13d0d35f869d514443f05010a39be5a92cdf60d492f65c36132d036ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39775722.jpg?k=8278201b8dfd45cb5ffffc32d1b2f2651283214a08a6f9e9a01b0a5c898280fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51454128.jpg?k=abb3c0a62d0747999bb998af3515278977203c7b71a7f3987a4903e946f2dbd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223016951.jpg?k=912d774d9a47c6ec890fbcf47c6f9d4cadae4292f543075aba299368a1f908d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Kaon (Selvia) 40 m"\n  - "Blua Fish 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Volkan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Great location. It is far away 10 minutes from square and 5 minutes from bazaar by walk. Clean and small room with balcony. Basic but delicious breakfast. Laughing and helpful employees.”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The locationof the hotel is in a quiet street away from the busy roads. The city centre is a short walk away. There were always staff around the hotel and they were always very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is very clean and my room was cleaned...”"\n  - name: "Burak"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Very clean rooms, good location, very helpful staff”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-vila-verde.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with a complimentary welcome drink, a small yet thoughtful gesture that sets the tone for a memorable stay. The hotel prides itself on its soundproofed rooms, each equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a minibar, guaranteeing a restful night's sleep. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with showers and hairdryers, add to the comfort and convenience.

One of the hotel's standout features is its breakfast room, where guests can start their day with a delicious meal before exploring the city. Additionally, the on-site bar, complete with a terrace, offers breathtaking views of the city and the majestic Dajti Mountain, providing an ideal backdrop for evening relaxation.

For business travelers, Hotel Vila Verde City Center offers a fully equipped conference room, making it an excellent venue for meetings and events. The 24-hour front desk ensures that guests' needs are attended to at any hour, further enhancing the overall experience.

The hotel's proximity to key attractions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, the National Arts Gallery, and the lively Blloku nightlife area, makes it a coveted spot for those looking to immerse themselves in Tirana's rich cultural scene. Additionally, the serene Tirana Park and Lake, as well as the breathtaking Mount Dajt National Park, are easily accessible, offering opportunities for relaxation and adventure.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and attentive service, Hotel Vila Verde City Center stands as a beacon of hospitality in Tirana, promising an unforgettable stay for both leisure and business travelers.