---\ntitle: "Hotel Ari"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Saranda at Hotel Ari, a prime destination for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311064195.jpg?k=2bcd2d174f96e58442c24926342e2c6dbe3ffc792d3a3820fe6b7595c9f6ff0e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-ari\naddress: "Rruga (street) Jonianet 20, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87349884\n  lng: 20.0062691\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 148\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311064195.jpg?k=2bcd2d174f96e58442c24926342e2c6dbe3ffc792d3a3820fe6b7595c9f6ff0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100293119.jpg?k=681584bb45af4eb5a0cf158a792c1cae815e2ff8e5a8ca832a8fe821789e6986&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76669121.jpg?k=7946b5d6bd01b0190ec65a133d7c181f60b047332cb99c6963c61b96aefbe5c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100293073.jpg?k=60bc3a905f4cc4fd269d428e9785422cb23f1d9874abcac96fbbeb3739b8ff12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100828409.jpg?k=8a1ad54f75e32eca7a97b7d93129fc739d148a79d327456e8eddbb30539b1bce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311067242.jpg?k=5cf6a79b82852d0992fca1557cc7061eed6c3849a6d5ec65922414eb8cfc9407&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mare Nostrum 7 m"\n  - "Taverna Garden 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 900 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mendof"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Excellent accommodation, wonderful service and spectacular room with a beautiful sea view. I loved it and i will return there again many times”"\n  - name: "Raul"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Wonderful on a budget
Family owned and friendly!
Room was super clean and fresh
Fresh linens good AC Satellite TV with good range of channels
Close to everything a tourist would want to visit
Beautiful!”"\n  - name: "Henrylewis"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Simply Amazing! Best service EVER! Beautiful property, great sea view and the staff is EXCELLENT!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ari.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Ari are treated to modern amenities designed to ensure a relaxing stay. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the warm Mediterranean climate. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with cable TV and complimentary Wi-Fi, while the minibar offers a selection of refreshments. The highlight of each room is undoubtedly the balcony, offering breathtaking views of the sea, promising serene mornings and tranquil evenings.

Culinary experiences at Hotel Ari are a delight, with the on-site restaurant dishing out a variety of Albanian specialties alongside international favorites. For those looking to explore local flavors, a grocery store is conveniently located just 50 meters away. Additionally, the hotel boasts a bar with a terrace, perfect for enjoying a drink while soaking in the surroundings.

Families will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a garden and a children’s playground, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. For explorers looking to venture further, the hotel's proximity to a bus station, just 100 meters away, provides easy access to Tirana, Vlora, and Durres. The ferry port, located 200 meters from the hotel, offers a quick connection to Corfu Island, making it an ideal base for day trips.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest satisfaction, Hotel Ari emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Saranda.