---\ntitle: "Hotel Kolla"\ndescription: "Hotel Kolla stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both adventure and comfort in Derviçian, located a mere 37 km from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154407438.jpg?k=1607b7467e43e8ae8c6021da36ec49c7832d10b63d9264798af2f12c4f13b28a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kolla\naddress: "Dervican 1, rruga Gjirokaster- Kakavije, 6001 Derviçian, Albania"\ncity: "Derviçian"\nlocation: "Derviçian"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.03390358\n  lng: 20.17949022\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154407438.jpg?k=1607b7467e43e8ae8c6021da36ec49c7832d10b63d9264798af2f12c4f13b28a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473229225.jpg?k=18443736852a55e823833b758bbfb8866e7f303576e2109640c4c65fcddd3462&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473229285.jpg?k=d0587b054b79a42877c874fe4d8266bd0f76d00c63fab29cd71e4e35074d7ee5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263259860.jpg?k=2c6c541b3b9645919618d8e1d0a98a0a415128bb11f08e9160dad86f5f632be1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473231421.jpg?k=dd90f677d1cf3a314bf6ac19e2d5c874183e1d0162bbb591623e4cccc2ab86f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473234746.jpg?k=55fd24f9d3654362bb4d2b9a78d55739be9faccd84c66f62bdbe518317966bbe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ρουστικανα Δεριβισιαν 200 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Ndrico 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 52 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 65 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "כריס"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“We had low expectations of the place because everything around was pretty empty and very old and quiet, but when we entered the hotel we had the good vibes from the workers and family, the views from the room was so beautiful, workd cannot...”"\n  - name: "Augustė"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Nice room with spacious balcony. Friendly staff. Very nice breakfast. There is parking in front of the hotel.”"\n  - name: "Tereza"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The area was pretty good for us but we only wanted to find a place to crash and continue on our roadtrip the next morning. We really like the balcony because we had a great view for mountains and local boys who were playing soccer.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kolla.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk for those needing to stay connected, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The added luxury of a balcony presents breathtaking mountain views, with select rooms offering the tranquil sight of the river, complemented by a patio for an immersive natural experience. Practical needs are met with the inclusion of a fridge in every room, adding a touch of home convenience.

For families, Hotel Kolla is a treasure trove of fun, featuring a water park on-site and a children's playground, ensuring that younger guests have as much of an enriching experience as their adult counterparts. The hotel encourages exploration and activity, with cycling opportunities available in the picturesque surroundings of Derviçian.

Service at Hotel Kolla is attentive and personalized, with a 24-hour reception staffed by multilingual professionals fluent in Greek and English, ready to assist with any inquiries or needs. This pet-friendly hotel also offers the modern necessity of free WiFi, ensuring that guests remain connected and informed.

Situated 45 km from the historic Monastery of Avel and 75 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel Kolla serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscape of the region. Whether it's the allure of nearby historical sites or the call of the wild, Hotel Kolla promises a memorable stay for all who visit.