---\ntitle: "Hotel Gold"\ndescription: "Hotel Gold emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience along the picturesque coastline of Vlorë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472503391.jpg?k=32ecd5ee48e9f02002e846612eb2dd98c29bc0d73cadaaef2f29d575dd745cce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-gold\naddress: "Rruga Aleksander Moisiu, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42426576\n  lng: 19.49045154\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 118\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472503391.jpg?k=32ecd5ee48e9f02002e846612eb2dd98c29bc0d73cadaaef2f29d575dd745cce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51360197.jpg?k=0ddf1ddd95e90193638c6dd4bf8300e54ae80657ab34021f23ab8baf8347100c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472525377.jpg?k=4a429008a0b4a36d34f85392c540ac0650e78d91f26d5167f829fe13bcce16dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472146782.jpg?k=791f6047973dd7446310b3567f6bf7c536ffebcf9071b9835f9ca7a20e136ebd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472503339.jpg?k=07d968e9b334b6892a6186530eccd89883b7194b03453f8f48bf028ed2c136ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472503300.jpg?k=58c25dcb3a54395214588409caa90fe9ae3998206e52f32ebd0b2369f8a061f7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Standard Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Standard Family Suite with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Family Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Montreal 10 m"\n  - "Kristal 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 550 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 700 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Amazing hotel, with excellent facilities. Thank you very much for the stay, we felt wonderful. Helpful, kind owner, as well as the entire staff. The hotel is located in a perfect environment, close to the water and the beach. Our room was...”"\n  - name: "Klinti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel has a wonderful positioning, very close to the sea and the pedestrian large sidewalk with stairs that get you in direct contact with the sea and gives a sense of tranquillity and calm. The reception was kind and very welcoming. The room...”"\n  - name: "Doka"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Breakfast was in the nearby hotel. The staff was so kind to explain us everything about breakfast. Breakafast was great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gold.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on modern amenities, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment at any hour. The addition of a coffee machine in every room adds a touch of homeliness, allowing guests to savor a warm beverage while soaking in the sea views.

Attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, where guests are treated to complimentary toiletries and a hair dryer, ensuring a seamless stay. The provision of free WiFi throughout the hotel enables guests to stay connected, whether for leisure or business purposes.

The convenience of a 24-hour front desk underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction, offering assistance and peace of mind around the clock. For those looking to explore the local area, the vibrant center of Vlorë is just a brief 5-minute drive away, making Hotel Gold an ideal base for discovering the charms of the region.

With its strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and dedication to guest comfort, Hotel Gold stands out as a top accommodation choice for visitors to Vlorë.