---\ntitle: "Hotel Alba-Gert"\ndescription: "Hotel Alba-Gert stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Orikum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/77750221.jpg?k=9496be416612795a2a229093d107e2fcb3233a4e164c9d35af5e48b7dafe8648&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alba-gert\naddress: "Rruga Pashaliman, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.3334197\n  lng: 19.4662141\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 421\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/77750221.jpg?k=9496be416612795a2a229093d107e2fcb3233a4e164c9d35af5e48b7dafe8648&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442788714.jpg?k=10d2977ce1cee9cc03cb42337af46a7720543201abbaa51c13e8da591d50c494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214335182.jpg?k=3bd10f7269f231f8f6a03bfaa9bee4caa5e7bba884e31a234e6a837c0224967b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288511499.jpg?k=2c4b34a9b39c3b99e2e75d8471a8fa1c69bf2e74fb38c58f33d707cce7d4883b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474909987.jpg?k=583d315d691fbad361124bf006b0e26bb445f69a91856dbfb527c0d114ec64e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370715220.jpg?k=76ec9fd43cafb14f0ad8d7b44256a878220d9905e012792f48cb91cfe6b7acb7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish House 200 m"\n  - "Pulebardha 2 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 350 m"\n  - "Orikum Beach 950 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 15 km"\n  - "Independence Square 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rūta"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Very beautiful and peaceful place, big facilities, beautiful view, wonderful beach and great breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Tomas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Really perfect location, super friendly owner & staff. Very helpful, excellent Pasta”"\n  - name: "Evgenija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“This hotel together with the restaurant and the beach looks like a little paradise. I completely enjoyed my stay there. The room was big and clean.
The food in the restaurant was perfect, everything was fresh and tasty. Kudos to the girls that...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alba-gert.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Alba-Gert is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air-conditioned spaces, complete with private balconies for soaking in the views. Satellite TV and a fridge add a touch of home, while the ensuite bathrooms, featuring showers, bidets, and complimentary toiletries, provide all the essentials for a refreshing stay.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to explore the hotel's beautifully maintained garden and terrace. These spaces offer a peaceful haven for relaxation. For those looking to connect with fellow travelers, the shared lounge area serves as a cozy gathering spot.

Adventurous guests will be thrilled to know that Hotel Alba-Gert can arrange exclusive Riviera tours on the Karaburun peninsula. These excursions, available upon request, promise an unforgettable experience exploring the area's natural beauty by private boat.

Convenience is key at Hotel Alba-Gert, with complimentary parking ensuring a hassle-free experience for those arriving by car. Moreover, the vibrant city of Vlorë is just a short 18 km drive away, making it easy for guests to venture out and explore the local culture and cuisine.

In summary, Hotel Alba-Gert offers a delightful escape for those in search of a beachfront haven that doesn't compromise on comfort or convenience. Its array of amenities and prime location make it an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Orikum.