---\ntitle: "Hotel Baron"\ndescription: "Located just 3 km from Tirana's vibrant city center, Hotel Baron offers a serene retreat amidst verdant surroundings."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181034489.jpg?k=3306529be3351cd765c33adb6f180a6c3b61c4c4fe4951725e767d85a94413ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-baron\naddress: "Rruga Elbasanit 274, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29924631\n  lng: 19.84991312\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 386\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 7.6\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 7.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181034489.jpg?k=3306529be3351cd765c33adb6f180a6c3b61c4c4fe4951725e767d85a94413ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181034564.jpg?k=85fd78963e6a816dfd794a9df28735c99d803d8005b2304cc6f7f623b0c4aa69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181034587.jpg?k=955564a76b14b974f7ef2281adfc1ff0c071bde71083c87015cba95e988cf6d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/5301229.jpg?k=09faa807c9005b0ab36e1b2a9a2f6e47346b04b0554ff47fb8d8534c6693fde4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/37473454.jpg?k=0635378e83d1658775fb7f4d432f924322f006c216c3b1d0c6df5b0808550b51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/181034549.jpg?k=b5d0ac177e7effc53d49bd99cea78f42695d56fbd51ecd33b3d5a2ecc6105a6d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Economy Double or Twin Room with Window"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Window"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Smile 40 m"\n  - "Pusi 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 2.5 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 2.9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 3.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 3.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 15 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The staff was very kind and open to help. The rooms were also very clean and cleaned frequently.”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Staff was really friendly. Our room was big and cozy, everything was clean. Room also has the refrigerator. Breakfast was tasty, served on the terrace surrounded with beautiful plants.”"\n  - name: "Akif"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“good location, easy to access, clean room, affordable price and nice staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/baron.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nStep into one of the thoughtfully appointed rooms, each equipped with air conditioning, satellite TV, and a fridge, ensuring a comfortable stay. Select rooms boast a private balcony, inviting you to start your day with a breath of fresh air. The private bathrooms come with either a bathtub or shower, catering to your preferences.

Dining at Hotel Baron is a delightful experience, with the on-site restaurant serving a delectable array of traditional Albanian and European dishes. The attentive, multilingual staff is ready to assist you around the clock, ensuring a seamless and memorable stay.

Conveniently located with a local bus stop right in front, exploring the city is a breeze. Shopping enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the TEG Commercial Centre, just 1 km away. For those traveling by car, complimentary private parking is available, and Tirana International Airport is a mere 22 km away.

Whether you seek a tranquil escape or a convenient base to explore Tirana's vibrant culture, Hotel Baron offers the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and local charm."