---\ntitle: "Hotel Portanova"\ndescription: "Hotel Portanova, located in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, Vlorë County, emerges as a distinguished destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022197.jpg?k=87cb15706f09e3f1b2c224d5207356c2a0803c0662bea5b624496970bb0d3288&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-portanova\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha 27, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87144906\n  lng: 19.9928778\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 437\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022197.jpg?k=87cb15706f09e3f1b2c224d5207356c2a0803c0662bea5b624496970bb0d3288&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022251.jpg?k=be66f83eb2ad31d84ec970894b854d4bae7cfdb4c282d449cab22a7a4daafbd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438715912.jpg?k=1a742623df08c584ffe615048b253e7e1ede6f151595d153e89a376cfc3324bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022272.jpg?k=5ed34e7232a254590506e31d764579e5bfef65a8502b4df3303c3a92acc3cce2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022305.jpg?k=ea81d67aea6dc22b821a376f510675aef35b369cbe6b7fd315e9f431e5d68f6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438717361.jpg?k=b6a9777d3563f026da19a1806538927550da7d8b3a429b03c3c39e3714db646d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438744351.jpg?k=373e367a75a4b0c065905664dce207be091c8eeff2cdff569f1beb209f221e67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438715895.jpg?k=af836dfb1bc2a578255fcadd88ee3ba9e293ca389244ea3eeb432d90e2d5fb54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376022276.jpg?k=eaa745729547771c3264a9bd8f09ae481e418e6e073142ad11b89fdb3bff30cf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 10 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ly"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“we arrived at the last day of their season and were the only guest in the entire hotel complex. They could have canceled our reservation but they didn’t. Very professional and reliable. Check in was smoothly and we were provided with 2 bottles of...”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everythink in this hotel was wonderfull.
I come back again next year.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The hotel is new and amazing! The stuff was very helpful and nice. The room was a little small, but doable, the bed very comfortable. The breakfast offers a lot, and stuff in very helpful if you need anything. We had amazing vacation there!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/portanova.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Portanova is thoughtfully equipped with a desk and a flat-screen TV, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. The inclusion of a safety deposit box in every room adds an extra layer of security for guests' valuables. Select accommodations elevate the experience further, featuring balconies that offer sweeping views of the sea, allowing guests to soak in the breathtaking scenery from the comfort of their rooms. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service, with a dedicated staff available around the clock at the reception to assist guests with any needs or inquiries. This commitment to guest satisfaction makes Hotel Portanova a standout choice for visitors to the area.

Strategically positioned, Hotel Portanova is a stone's throw away from popular attractions such as Sarande Main Beach, Saranda Bay Beach, and Saranda City Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and vibrant culture of the region. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is located 98 km away, with the hotel offering paid airport shuttle services for a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Hotel Portanova represents a perfect fusion of location, luxury, and service, making it a top recommendation for anyone planning a visit to Sarandë.