---\ntitle: "Hotel Sarajet e Pashait 1"\ndescription: "Hotel Sarajet e Pashait 1 emerges as a serene oasis, merely 450 meters from the pristine sands of a nearby beach and a short 3."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233076993.jpg?k=196294c804c4d500781cddf1da2a97fd2cc488c7ab1ccc0d608ede8ea8590e4f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-sarajet-e-pashait-1\naddress: "Perivolo, 9425 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15695047\n  lng: 19.61396456\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 124\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233076993.jpg?k=196294c804c4d500781cddf1da2a97fd2cc488c7ab1ccc0d608ede8ea8590e4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152270376.jpg?k=14f618b166d064102bcaf08d3ed285a9a69413a8ea0c2b7ef2c97ab2e784db14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380309307.jpg?k=f0a2da64cda4a6a9e971832f21d57cc5bf9a9f9efcfc096ccef7db3467fcc8e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374190764.jpg?k=a6b50677eead5987c4205b99536fdc83b558c437bae13dc7d0009b92e07198a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380310022.jpg?k=d3c01607afa8db961c48da18d68bf29645334e8c168071648ff7667d5770a875&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233077215.jpg?k=612cbe3c0ee27f26052b88375be8325d324562b50b1eab02867d87ceb9575f72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233077371.jpg?k=f3695fe604430a541eb648de49f78d9ba62b95ccdf4d2a0e2635768c2bdeb372&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233077374.jpg?k=d07f80f5629700b6d3d9c9143cbcc1a34c86a7cfc7c5a4a8dafea2eeeae3036f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233077377.jpg?k=812a3c8c32df86055f914e9ea244ff1e85f832c29bf8d3c40a61fc5414404ddf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iwantyouhere 300 m"\n  - "360 Sunset Bar Drymades 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Palasa Beach 350 m"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 6 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 66 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Western Union"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dorosz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful pool, really friendly and helpful stuff. Apartment was clean and fully equipped.”"\n  - name: "Daiana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property looks much better than the photos found online”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Room was big enough, very clean and comfortable. The hotel is close to the beach, but it also has a nice pool. The whole architecture and the garden is amazing, the staff is very helpful. Eva and Bruna were fantastic. I have no hesitation in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sarajet-e-pashait.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to rooms that artfully combine rustic charm with contemporary amenities. Each room, adorned with brick and stone wall accents and classic wooden furniture, provides a cozy yet elegant atmosphere. Modern conveniences are not spared, as every room is equipped with a flat-screen satellite TV, air conditioning, and complimentary Wi-Fi. The highlight for many is the furnished balcony that comes standard with each room, offering breathtaking views of the sea. For those seeking an extra touch of luxury, select accommodations include a spa bath, elevating the relaxation experience.

The hotel's commitment to leisure and relaxation is evident in its outdoor amenities. A sparkling outdoor pool invites guests to cool off, complemented by a spacious terrace equipped with sun loungers for basking in the sun. Families will appreciate the separate children's swimming pool, ensuring fun for all ages. The grill corner, a delightful spot serving beer and grilled specialties throughout the day, adds to the hotel's charm.

Dining at the Hotel Sarajet e Pashait 1 is an experience in itself, with the hotel's restaurant, Sofra e Pashait, located a mere 250 meters away. Here, guests can savor a blend of local, Italian, and Greek cuisine, all while enjoying live music performances every weekend. For those needing to stock up on essentials, a grocery store is conveniently located just 1 km from the hotel.

Accessibility is straightforward, with a bus station in Dhermi and the enchanting Llogora National Park only 25 km away. Guests arriving by car will find ample free on-site parking, making explorations of the surrounding area hassle-free.

Hotel Sarajet e Pashait 1 stands out as a perfect blend of traditional charm and modern luxury, promising a memorable stay for those seeking both relaxation and adventure in the beautiful setting of Dhermi.