---\ntitle: "Hotel Palma"\ndescription: "Hotel Palma emerges as a serene oasis located just 15 km from the vibrant heart of Skanderbeg Square in Rinas, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience with its array of amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822751.jpg?k=6cabea8b5fa22f1e4268718f904bb85c9f3494d871682e798f9e6e6de1d82c44&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-palma\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Tiranë - FushëKrujë, Tapizë,Rinas 1502 Albania, 1001 Rinas, Albania"\ncity: "Rinas"\nlocation: "Rinas"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.42742225\n  lng: 19.73739657\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1735\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822751.jpg?k=6cabea8b5fa22f1e4268718f904bb85c9f3494d871682e798f9e6e6de1d82c44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822988.jpg?k=f5e8f8c5ab2ed7e5479b67455f60a624e5d015a4ea1366f2e47beedae2a0653a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822674.jpg?k=8b9d532faa35abdb25009b53c90442925f386d3c4b2b41f56597a268f15ec8a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822698.jpg?k=d80b0c1da88c54180dbb342a5b51ad0c45cb514cc8ec05f34ea9c8452b7151ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822659.jpg?k=b2fc905d6ca5259dee12e1659ade2897d2c1735a93a38a53368651bdce726cbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135822834.jpg?k=337f386d76b223b55b3606e8142ae52ee52d63af277e68a97c30d4675db37f57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Queen Room with Spa Bath"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 13 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 13 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 13 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 13 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 13 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 13 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 13 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 13 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 14 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 15 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gerti 1.9 km"\n  - "Authentic Family 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 11 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 11 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 12 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 1.3 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Héctor"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Coffe in the bar is amazing, staff is helpful and nice, the taxi shuttle service is very convenient and well organized, the room we got (with bathtub) was literal high tier quality that would cost >200€ in a good priced Western Europe hotel (for...”"\n  - name: "Volha"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Only stayed overnight due to late arrival of my flight. I mainly booked it as they offered free transfer to the hotel (one way). Transfer was organised very conveniently. I got detailed instructions where the pick up point would be. Had to let the...”"\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Comfy bed.
Big, quiet room.
Nice clean bathroom, complimentary cosmetics.
24h bar downstairs.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/palma-tirana12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into Hotel Palma, visitors are greeted with rooms that are not only equipped with air conditioning for those warm summer days but also boast desks and terraces that offer captivating city views. The private bathrooms, coupled with modern flat-screen TVs, crisp bed linen, and plush towels, add a touch of luxury to the guest experience. For those seeking a little extra, select units feature pool views and come with the added convenience of a coffee machine, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. Additionally, every room is thoughtfully furnished with a wardrobe and a kettle, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

The hotel doesn't stop at comfortable accommodations; guests can also unwind in the hot tub, a perfect end to a day of exploration. With the promise of free WiFi throughout the premises, staying connected or planning the next day's adventures is effortlessly easy. The 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, and room service further exemplify Hotel Palma's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For those looking to venture beyond the hotel, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits 19 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located just 15 km from the hotel. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 2 km away, making Hotel Palma an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a tranquil retreat close to the heart of Albania's cultural and historical treasures.