---\ntitle: "Hotel Artur2"\ndescription: "Hotel Artur2 emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach and a leisurely stroll from the vibrant Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303027630.jpg?k=d51b6282326347055e964aca712ae7d2bf4d11a00d601826a2d1f5bab7ddde69&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-artur2\naddress: "Rruga e Butrintit, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77415125\n  lng: 20.00467904\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303027630.jpg?k=d51b6282326347055e964aca712ae7d2bf4d11a00d601826a2d1f5bab7ddde69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/132715573.jpg?k=3c5d1144368e2c56093ea3d1c660cd15936033812abb417bacb08a2d56d34855&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442284703.jpg?k=17c8262cbe8800315058ed53db3422662d028a466a3efce7ed5c5dc5db04b393&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/93234139.jpg?k=15523ee1d4871b69b62dba76f79ad2b0f2e8ba835057b92695f2b7f235017a2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/93234052.jpg?k=712a07fef90b97e4824400858bc29101046fd0b192cdd431fa4aeafdb16e9d04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303014603.jpg?k=7a816436ab838b4e2500ba1fd348a965db43879dcae5429bb1f338b168fc2a32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442284711.jpg?k=965992b182b66418c0dba9b4e4250dddcf640d8b9ecd16006ce9329c3b0defcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442284734.jpg?k=64491b8044fa3f2fcfbe3f912726aa4e7e36ab7da57e85adc9cc8157201a240e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442284750.jpg?k=d041c40d10c2a2c04903bf2b56b5ae4f900a21edee924b97d75655f2539c6079&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shakesbeer 50 m"\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Darko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The hotel is excellent as is the staff.
The service is at the top level.
The beach that belongs to the hotel is very clean and they constantly make sure that everything is as it should be.
You can use the parking for free in the hotel as well as...”"\n  - name: "Stefan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Our room at Artur 2 was incredibly clean! That was our first impression and the biggest outtake. The location is top notch, very close to the Artur1 beach, close to the shops, markets, restaurants, but not on the main street and fairly quiet....”"\n  - name: "Reminnii"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Завтраки были хорошие, вкусно и питательно. Но за неделю пребывания каждый день была яичница с сосисками. Очень надоедало. Хотелось бы какого-то разнообразия.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hotel-artur-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Artur2 are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with cable channels, refrigerators, kettles, and essential toiletries. Each room, boasting a private bathroom, also includes a cozy seating and dining area, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The attention to detail extends to the provision of free WiFi and private parking, making stays hassle-free.

Guests can start their day with a delightful breakfast at the on-site restaurant, where a variety of continental and vegetarian options await, including fresh fruits, juices, and cheese. This sets the perfect tone for exploring nearby attractions such as Bora Bora Beach, Sunset Beach, and the enchanting Ksamil Beach 7.

For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is within reach, located 93 km away, with the guest house offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. Hotel Artur2 stands out as a preferred choice for families and travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, comfort, and accessibility in the picturesque setting of Ksamil.