---\ntitle: "Hotel Bega"\ndescription: "Hotel Bega stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459119610.jpg?k=369c32cfc09031dd4bc614333ee7d68fe76fdba9c256995d109561e61a077d91&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bega\naddress: "Rruga Ali Pashe Tepelena Ksamil Lagja 1, Ksamill 31, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77296302\n  lng: 20.01023691\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459119610.jpg?k=369c32cfc09031dd4bc614333ee7d68fe76fdba9c256995d109561e61a077d91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458202709.jpg?k=447bcbe7a7642a04197ebea3a4c5c0b39e46de9137f4ce6aa7738ba42569be92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458201268.jpg?k=231c4b0d44c1f0ea33d862e34ff6df257a1d8afbcc95383411ef9eba972f5543&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458208767.jpg?k=f752ecd4a84cbccae681838a2465d1857e3ca1dfaf832dbe80c59c73be3ef2d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458208756.jpg?k=d29dba553442df514abc4102507e9c73b3723e4460b41096d9fbd90d56284bbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458202731.jpg?k=12f47ffad9772195fb0a479e20d82e5b96a34fb4ba5f29daec627abad8f934d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458201228.jpg?k=d7d0ebbf1d81e82cee775efc21a73fc40e9bf9d543c964ef09befe2ff7527a96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458201164.jpg?k=da19db6ab3a46d109b71b79908e4ec1117683712c545cec64d20d53985803118&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458209668.jpg?k=b0a84a4667d4a74e41ea4c98f8ad51c04d152bf264058513196c896e5312d482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458209660.jpg?k=a1884d4d83493ea61f319e9b09c68581427d1aaa1660cb15125c143500ac10b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458208757.jpg?k=00942f288b69006cd29ae21085966f9bd7379fb69cc58815b0cba6cfb762df78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458201202.jpg?k=b6d5ebb913129714e4dea85cdb863dbcadcc7cb1920b9885348108a08c57331b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 40 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mohamad"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Clean, very friendly staff. Kosta and the family made us feel home. I would recommend it. Perfect breakfast nearby the hotel and a supermarket with good prices 1 min walking. The hotel is 10 min walking from the center Thank you for having...”"\n  - name: "Dimitrova"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Highly recommend! Everything was perfect! Very comfort room and a lovely and kind staff!”"\n  - name: "Milos"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“This is a lovely small family hotel. Everything is like on the photos. The apartment is very clean, with new furniture. Breakfast is very good. The owners were very friendly and helpful - they even washed our beach towels and clothes when we asked...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bega.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking, a rarity in such a sought-after location. The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by its round-the-clock front desk service and the comprehensive coverage of free WiFi throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected and share their experiences with ease.

Accommodations at Hotel Bega are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a range of amenities including a desk for those needing to stay productive, a kettle and minibar for in-room refreshments, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet, alongside a terrace or balcony in every room, adds an extra layer of privacy and comfort. Select rooms also boast city views, offering a unique perspective on the local surroundings.

Beyond the rooms, Hotel Bega encourages guests to immerse themselves in the local area's natural beauty and activities. Whether it's hiking through the scenic landscapes, fishing in the serene waters, or snorkeling to explore the underwater world, there's no shortage of outdoor adventures to be had.

For those looking to explore further afield, the historic Butrint National Park is just 3.3 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich cultural heritage. Additionally, the hotel's proximity to Corfu International Airport, 93 km away, is complemented by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property.

In summary, Hotel Bega presents an ideal blend of location, amenities, and services, making it a top recommendation for travelers to Ksamil seeking a comfortable and convenient base to explore the wonders of the region.