---\ntitle: "Hotel Vathi"\ndescription: "Hotel Vathi emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528142462.jpg?k=a7895715438a69d8a1a998742a305f9e43fa92dbe4451568346d1f7f091dcfc5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vathi\naddress: "Ksamil Albania Rruga Devolli Ksamil Albania, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77087143\n  lng: 20.00457365\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528142462.jpg?k=a7895715438a69d8a1a998742a305f9e43fa92dbe4451568346d1f7f091dcfc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527251092.jpg?k=4442cd4f9981e20e8431e59a124924f44d9174a776285d3ff3f4c6f6a0e5f32f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528212772.jpg?k=bb43b3adc641b2ab84a623171df5dcae984cd4f205c0ee21ae5b5e71d2585633&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512720466.jpg?k=0c237716b0a7741f55d8b64be59ac90b3faada2cc835bc5cee9b55278f73a7e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528212790.jpg?k=b7fdb7e1d77eaefd921c60ee6dff78669377893696e7a38de05802a397a7cb8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528212775.jpg?k=d040a50f316a2b22cf21700b448c5ee8094ea1fabe20ac34e6d41a1f309efb9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527251088.jpg?k=94355c7046ec2d066ef690d5cae3d3d489f0d4b3ebf52f8151e7ca8fd05211c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527251079.jpg?k=7e4e8710ca15ac6d45f134d6f39e972ffc3b010f27c2144499d1037329ba28b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528142521.jpg?k=02da9e08c0f8a095050a45412254a4e73fbab045f2b124a2dc7d1b360624083a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agave 50 m"\n  - "Fourth Island 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-vathi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Vathi are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of tranquility, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that is both relaxing and connected. The attention to detail extends to soundproofing, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. For added convenience, guests are provided with free private parking, making explorations of the surrounding area hassle-free.

Mornings at Hotel Vathi are greeted with a delightful array of breakfast options. Guests can start their day with a buffet or continental breakfast, featuring fresh fruits, juices, and a selection of cheeses, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Hotel Vathi is conveniently located 700 meters from the captivating Ksamil Beach 7 and a short 3 km journey from the historical wonders of Butrint National Park. The hotel's proximity to these attractions makes it an excellent choice for travelers eager to experience the natural and cultural richness of the area.

With Corfu International Airport 93 km away, Hotel Vathi serves as a gateway for international travelers to discover the enchanting beauty of Ksamil. Whether it's the allure of the beaches, the comfort of the accommodations, or the convenience of its location, Hotel Vathi stands out as a premier destination for those seeking an unforgettable stay in Ksamil.