---\ntitle: "Hotel Memaj"\ndescription: "Hotel Memaj stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476798885.jpg?k=180662077ae02aa44628845e3c0dd76889d2283d7be7d5ef965e3997c68b0b49&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-memaj\naddress: "Rruga Freskia, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.763763\n  lng: 19.996556\nprice: "US$205"\npriceFrom: 205\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 127\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476798885.jpg?k=180662077ae02aa44628845e3c0dd76889d2283d7be7d5ef965e3997c68b0b49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476800401.jpg?k=d2b7a41b0646ae32da821754a0b617bbc1a56b087d7b17998a0976772f893345&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476792951.jpg?k=fb90cc3fa0163c8151eceedd03b6d3f370bfcd973cb374aef064e3e1918b95f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473948419.jpg?k=9de45fdd8d3da9835e7a6162d49e67c1d8a01c3ab6c5c69059194567f23766f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476799244.jpg?k=01990224e955103bbc02388f67d3e641398e0c06c4acf73e8767d1987b73b0e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479702743.jpg?k=478196279c8e9af6c46f8a0bc09276751695b40a3e5caff86560918570932e82&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 150 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lesley"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We literally loved everything at and about hotel Memaj. From the room to the breakfast. Desi was very friendly and welcoming and very helpful in booking us a taxi and restaurant recommendations. Enjoyed our stay❤️”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Hello ,the breakfast was made speacially for our family and we had the possibility to choose what we want, the owners made us feel home and safw”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I Really loved the pool area , and the price i paid for my stay was really good , everything was new and modern , one of the best hotels in the area. I noticed that some guests here said that it was dirty , i really cant understand why that wrote...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/memaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with a plethora of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts an inviting outdoor swimming pool, complemented by the luxury of a hot tub, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. For those arriving by car, the convenience of free private parking lifts the burden of finding a secure spot. The serene garden and welcoming bar area provide ideal settings for relaxation and socializing.

Accommodations at Hotel Memaj are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a wardrobe, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box, ensuring all needs are met. Entertainment and connectivity are catered for with free WiFi and a flat-screen TV, while the private bathroom with a bidet adds an extra touch of privacy and convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering breathtaking sea views from private balconies, alongside a cozy seating area for moments of reflection or intimate conversations.

The culinary experience at Hotel Memaj is equally impressive. Guests have the choice of starting their day with a buffet, continental, or Full English/Irish breakfast, providing the perfect fuel for a day of adventure.

For those concerned with logistics, the hotel's 24-hour front desk, airport transfer services, and room service ensure a seamless and hassle-free experience from arrival to departure. Situated 93 km from Corfu International Airport, the journey to Hotel Memaj is a straightforward affair, making it an accessible escape for international travelers.

In summary, Hotel Memaj is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to the beauty and charm of Ksamil, offering an unparalleled blend of convenience, comfort, and luxury.