---\ntitle: "Hotel Lakaj"\ndescription: "Hotel Lakaj emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Velipojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276335878.jpg?k=2a78d73911b657a5fe5d6d292121fc69a8379e737072236b7b7d05e243c9a1a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-lakaj\naddress: "plazh velipoje, 4001 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86632507\n  lng: 19.42354913\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 142\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276335878.jpg?k=2a78d73911b657a5fe5d6d292121fc69a8379e737072236b7b7d05e243c9a1a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146490587.jpg?k=cc90fa6d29b710c1dc05b7c015dd9c727fedbe4fc29c8d2f58c690e24aa9ccaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233613266.jpg?k=f95992500254202dea212d7326420cf58cb8b23f33b7e319adf501ca8b0d45cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276335952.jpg?k=68c149dab81a1ec0a29c371830fddfc335132e57a86bde6a5f47639340436f6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276322995.jpg?k=4dac2f0aac3a52ef42adad9bcd4a441367b1cbe322591d517b19d2327da7665c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276328562.jpg?k=3eb47a4a56a543a10ee0354bae33cb87fe480144e2bdad7683c496a083248ea8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226850265.jpg?k=c9bf9e21057f2a4f7aa30f0df285411d41dc051d44d1e6d293453726b4ac6abf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233611950.jpg?k=93e8d7de366ab38c0855c703923cca91e082b4f3e9e27b175b442a84569d030b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276335970.jpg?k=2f45113d802f3fe898d1282f119c52faeb330a67dfd59491f12c34a1b69d3da0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mondo Pizza al Mare 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Panorama 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 450 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 14 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 15 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Denada"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Close to the beach. Really clean. Great services great people. Definitely going back again :)”"\n  - name: "Mihailo"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, location excellent-close to the center and the beach. Staff was very polite, food was great and there is also safe parking. Room was very clean and the pool is also extremely nice, just like on the photos.”"\n  - name: "Filip"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The accomodation was nice, spacefull, clean with nice view to see. Staff was very kind and helpfull. There were no porblem with check in and check out. Dinners and breakfasts were chosen from menu with several options. The food was tasty, large...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lakaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Lakaj are greeted with the convenience of a 24-hour front desk and attentive room service, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with air conditioning, a seating area, and a flat-screen TV, providing a perfect blend of comfort and modernity. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the property, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a private balcony for those who wish to enjoy their own outdoor space. The en suite bathrooms, equipped with showers, add to the seamless experience provided.

Mornings at Hotel Lakaj start with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. Families will appreciate the addition of a children's playground, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages.

Located a mere 31 km from Skhoder and 111 km from the vibrant city of Tirana, Hotel Lakaj serves as an excellent base for exploring the surrounding areas. For those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is conveniently situated just 109 km away, making the hotel easily accessible for international and domestic visitors alike.

In summary, Hotel Lakaj stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of leisure and exploration in the heart of Velipojë.