---\ntitle: "Hotel Saranda Palace"\ndescription: "Hotel Saranda Palace stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure by the sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064172.jpg?k=9c3bbf90d0f74ce159618240804176c1bdd537ac91f1dda110a65b5bd115bb16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-saranda-palace\naddress: "Rruga Arbrit, Lagjia 4, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87085491\n  lng: 19.99492843\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 611\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064172.jpg?k=9c3bbf90d0f74ce159618240804176c1bdd537ac91f1dda110a65b5bd115bb16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064524.jpg?k=bcdc7fd6ca9bf7c0e5f650fdd4d8f5968504037db847829a1edd5e9f3ad0f054&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064093.jpg?k=ecf1c59b6ee983ad25c4e525c1e122d459445296a5864a86f9725ab415495ead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064502.jpg?k=c407c9b11b5a558377aa09047df9d34a9c0c413e947182ab4219ff4038eda3f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064233.jpg?k=e606dafa5be6475f4296ece635cb4821436d2027f3173bc308bef3d0839123d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064550.jpg?k=e98d3dedced60b7c8ca6575a59a66ce7df535660037a306d239048d53c6aeb35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064246.jpg?k=8599246e583c2b4281f9ad474f5bf93c41d820f7b982125faf836cdda95d13aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064264.jpg?k=37d361121fb911d13fdf04766fd70be19e57fec3cbc880786f08134262fdcc06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200064176.jpg?k=7197d2094d75e6c4fc8ae9747c92faa4004da79c4a942d68f70b7ec754a68fd8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Kasandro 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Joni 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 7 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elaine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Staff were lovely and so friendly. Pool, beach and surrounding areas were clean and sunbeds easily available (early September)”"\n  - name: "Nata"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel with own pool and beach. The hotel is clean and nice smelling. Stuff is young and nice. Orjona is our love). The number is clean and comfortable. The view from hotel is amazing. Breakfast contains fruits and all what you need in...”"\n  - name: "Jason"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing location and views to die for. Great pool. Loads of sunbeds. Very clean and great chambermaids
Friendly and very helpful staff. (Nothing too much trouble. I wish I could name them personally to say thank you. Many people seem to moan...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Saranda Palace are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned room features a balcony, allowing guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space. Modern amenities, including a flat-screen cable TV and a refrigerator, are standard in every room, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The en suite bathrooms are equipped with showers, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, with select rooms offering captivating sea views.

Guests of Hotel Saranda Palace are treated to complimentary sun loungers and parasols at the hotel's private beach, making it easy to enjoy the coastal beauty without any additional cost. The front desk offers a luggage storage service and a safe for valuables, adding an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience.

Located just 850 meters from the Port of Sarandë, the hotel provides easy access to ferry lines to the Island of Corfu, making it an ideal base for exploring the wider region. Corfu International Airport is a mere 35 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

Hotel Saranda Palace emerges as a top choice for discerning travelers, offering a blend of leisure and luxury in the heart of Sarandë.