---\ntitle: "Hotel Cakalli"\ndescription: "Hotel Cakalli stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a beachfront retreat in Sarandë, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365093454.jpg?k=7faf4b933543d0ee48594beed8b4157f6364387e85ec486cf9a085dbf25b12b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-cakalli\naddress: "lagjia nr.3 rruga jonianet, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87326575\n  lng: 20.00398189\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 239\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365093454.jpg?k=7faf4b933543d0ee48594beed8b4157f6364387e85ec486cf9a085dbf25b12b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297380188.jpg?k=df9ff692f2e422de4f7ccc71ddc16bfd28231cac77e97f3adb48cf8eae3f3b92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304268965.jpg?k=eef3bd2105819df3259494e35d3a8e9d9eb9847c0630776ee436d027ef32fa6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304268780.jpg?k=c178984666d827578ac819ebf2765ade0b804e4795a5b1d46e26e4004221fcdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197809912.jpg?k=daa0f22a81d7cd6eaedcf0a23e537f78b86da6e4a18250ae78a0056377fa4934&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304268877.jpg?k=279f82e7885864777a79313c901ad9bcd838f7628681237829a6451cbb70df0d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Amaris 6 m"\n  - "Ristorante Italiano 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 450 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 450 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Justyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Central location, the room was very clean and stuff was helpful”"\n  - name: "Denisa"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great location, nice rooms, very friendly and helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Rene"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Location directly at the main beach street. Short walk into downtown, many bars/restaurants right around the corner. Balcony with sea view. Big room and comfortable furnitures; clean bath room”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cakalli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Cakalli are treated to rooms that boast not only air conditioning and a private bathroom but also come equipped with modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, free WiFi, and a fridge. The inclusion of a balcony in each room, offering breathtaking sea views or captivating cityscapes, adds a touch of luxury to the stay.

The hotel doesn't fall short on dining options either, with a daily breakfast menu that caters to various preferences, including continental, American, and vegetarian choices. The on-site garden, restaurant, and bar further ensure that guests have everything they need right at their fingertips.

For those who value assistance and local insights, the hotel's multilingual staff are available around the clock at the front desk, ready to offer support in Greek, English, and Albanian.

Hotel Cakalli's location is also a key highlight, with proximity to popular beaches such as Sarande Main Beach, La Petite Beach, and Maestral Beach. For guests arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 97 km away, making the hotel accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Hotel Cakalli emerges as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, promising a stay that combines the serenity of beachfront living with the convenience of modern amenities and the charm of Albanian hospitality.