---\ntitle: "Hotel Taverna Devolli"\ndescription: "Hotel Taverna Devolli stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking exceptional service and comfort in Kuçovë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063458.jpg?k=8300dec1700216a9108c053c805aea4a75fc892a2b55b1a46ab9a18ec36c7355&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-taverna-devolli\naddress: "Rruga Kozare, 5305 Kuçovë, Albania"\ncity: "Kuçovë"\nlocation: "Kuçovë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.818324\n  lng: 19.911427\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063458.jpg?k=8300dec1700216a9108c053c805aea4a75fc892a2b55b1a46ab9a18ec36c7355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063465.jpg?k=ba86d96082ba42a3709508ac0f430a43547bd9c47c7cb1324c3ac1c2c9fcfb90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063424.jpg?k=ccccf23a9f3a2d89cc27698fc995a6c7739cffae81d836ba81778dde87a1ae72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063476.jpg?k=70329613a30caaacbd3c6cc968a400b21ceb73e5935274aa193f2a5092563b04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467063447.jpg?k=bea8190f688f6ad0fcce9a54420f32b69c76f8ed553565e47b78aaba905a066f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364989027.jpg?k=6d5ac271c61aa4d04d3cd0026848d452ae3ea8399f234af7c20bb806dcfd9ac5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Devolli Tavern 1.3 km"\n  - "Bar Restorant Pishina 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Josephine"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very cozy and comfortable B&B with modern facilities. Very good breakfast and super nice staff!”"\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The best hotel I’ve ever been privileged enough to stay at. Gorgeous building, and it only gets more breathtaking when you walk in. High quality room, and high quality service. Front desk staff is extremely efficient, pleasant and helpful. The...”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The hotel and grounds are beautiful - brick, steel and wood - modern and rustic vibe. However, what made our stay exceptional was the care and attention given to us by Stina, our main contact at the hotel. She speaks perfect English and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/devolli-kucove12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Taverna Devolli are thoughtfully designed, featuring work desks for business travelers and private bathrooms equipped with modern amenities including a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer. For added security, each room is furnished with a safety deposit box, ensuring peace of mind for all valuables.

Families will find Hotel Taverna Devolli particularly appealing, thanks to its dedicated children's playground, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages. The hotel's commitment to providing personalized service is evident through its room service and concierge offerings, ensuring a stay that is as effortless as it is enjoyable.

Situated 108 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel's location combines convenience with tranquility, making it a compelling choice for both international visitors and those traveling within Albania. Whether it's for a weekend getaway or a longer stay, Hotel Taverna Devolli promises an experience that is both luxurious and inviting.