---\ntitle: "Hotel Elysee"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Elysee, a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269369608.jpg?k=aa4d151a6b86c8babe4ed210e657894f7666144eb52eca4e9c67be076deb2f7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-elysee\naddress: "Themistokli Germenji, 2/173, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32118674\n  lng: 19.82554257\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 669\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269369608.jpg?k=aa4d151a6b86c8babe4ed210e657894f7666144eb52eca4e9c67be076deb2f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421925622.jpg?k=2c8a5134b439bf2c9401da75827c48b843363d91c0d335226b208721d827dd0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274018299.jpg?k=7bc43b22ced1bf4abcefa30c47f7b40006f5ce5f83fb6b2011adc66c4f4eada6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274017593.jpg?k=5a35089c3450e342af2b956d1767c8b191dede3108a2037e529df663a5d37ca0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269370172.jpg?k=59ef555dad6e44f6ff5cd67afa642cb96ddee4d703850df62f84e1fee47bcdc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421929063.jpg?k=f8159b63088e9a27bfb86f50e8d152622e74b52b826efa9f5b99a526d1fb103c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ox Resto Lounge 20 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Roma 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Russell"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff so nice so helpful 10/10. Cleanliness roomed cleaned daily, The location superb.”"\n  - name: "Driton"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The property staff where incredibly sweet. They where very pleased with me staying with them, smiling and laughing and organising my early check-in without question. They had parking organised for me prior to arrival. They communicated with me...”"\n  - name: "Rebecca"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful building, great facilities & the staff were helpful & friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elysee.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Elysee is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a restful stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air-conditioned spaces, complimentary Wi-Fi, a well-stocked minibar, cable TV, and a work desk. The en-suite bathrooms are appointed with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, adding to the comfort of your stay.

Mornings at Hotel Elysee begin with a delightful breakfast buffet served at the hotel bar, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary parking is an added bonus. The hotel's prime location means that a variety of restaurants, cafes, and bars are just a short 5-minute walk away, offering a taste of local cuisine and culture.

For guests looking to experience Tirana's shopping and entertainment scene, the famous Blloku neighborhood is within easy reach, located just 1 km from the hotel. This area is renowned for its lively nightlife and array of shopping options. Additionally, the serene Tirana Lake is a brief 10-minute walk away, perfect for a peaceful escape from the city's hustle and bustle.

Transportation is hassle-free, with the Main Bus Station situated 1.5 km from the hotel, and the Train Station 2 km away. For those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is a convenient 20-minute drive, making Hotel Elysee an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in this dynamic city.