---\ntitle: "Hotel Alpha"\ndescription: "Hotel Alpha stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort, located just a short 200 meters from the vibrant Disco Mango Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594422.jpg?k=ad38392f1ee12bad5b1a743d65e07b878a98a9ed069fdb5120298f04160016d2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alpha\naddress: "Butrinti Road Kanali Cukes, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.853233\n  lng: 20.022707\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 156\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594422.jpg?k=ad38392f1ee12bad5b1a743d65e07b878a98a9ed069fdb5120298f04160016d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594424.jpg?k=c54f074bd2571f226339803bccd2342ec6eb566f5c8297836e2a7a86cb57285a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594444.jpg?k=d72c452a1b53855070b8b68760c9c8827da424a58b3a78c6af2b6a87ae76610e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594381.jpg?k=9f796c3430e06d0897de4f570d811fb3b38006147e1c15992301b95d90a7beb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594416.jpg?k=527959127a0ff517a9c7f5e073ebe1c70cce01caeab54c21410983d87258d000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594477.jpg?k=a5d30478ab390c61ffd442cd2a77523d32ed29820d1004a8e7d293ecd08bdda5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594417.jpg?k=9981e68b6a306f215379171900ec04e7787ef0e614ed1cf571792025b62ba495&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594409.jpg?k=953b079ddeecfad30fe38fda799303eb30942938a978b91b180b74ec19a22a16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469594530.jpg?k=91a3754e75d934916c6f91dcdea6ae5f8c8a6452ac60b7938f1024615d6d0ce2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 100 m"\n  - "La Cueva 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 250 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 650 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 400 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Terena"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The staff was wonderful and very accommodating. My mom has mobility issues, and they put her on the ground floor, step free to our room. They were very helpful in every way.”"\n  - name: "Mariam"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Everything was just perfect, the staff was very helpful and recomended places to go and see.”"\n  - name: "Herolind"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Staff was very nice! Breakfast was great, the room was nice and the beds were good! Had a nice stay!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/alpha.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Alpha are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with flat-screen TVs, minibars, and balconies complete with seating areas for those serene moments of relaxation. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to any day.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk and convenient luggage storage facilities, catering to guests' needs around the clock. Additionally, the presence of a grocery store within the same building adds an element of ease for those preferring to grab a quick snack or essentials without venturing far.

For guests arriving by car, the provision of complimentary on-site parking removes any worries about vehicle security, allowing more time to explore the surroundings or plan a visit to the nearby UNESCO Heritage Site of Butrint, located just 10 km away. The hotel's proximity to a local bus station, about 150 meters away, and the Ferry Port with lines to Corfu, 3 km distant, further enhances its appeal as a base for exploring the wider area.

Hotel Alpha, with its strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and attentive service, presents an attractive option for travelers looking to experience the best of Sarandë's coastal charm.