---\ntitle: "Hotel Domus"\ndescription: "Hotel Domus emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256910278.jpg?k=57622d5018a188833e76acbaa1f3daa93a1a4c9d5dd015e91fcfb5c6bef24cf4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-domus\naddress: "Rruga Papa Gjon Pali II, 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.321776\n  lng: 19.822773\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256910278.jpg?k=57622d5018a188833e76acbaa1f3daa93a1a4c9d5dd015e91fcfb5c6bef24cf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256898446.jpg?k=cde805fddb8b7ba5bfefacf0c5979aaa0a59a78bda59f90ecc3c10d137c15446&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256895508.jpg?k=37da2cc3df20f8b51c12826563f989297433faa9eb4c035a55e21e92b82949ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256898537.jpg?k=ada7af4568a5b51273f3fc15a4bfe405d4ebe9df7123152179bc52c17ac7a160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256898506.jpg?k=e23ee890937a4fc0f1f72407b6a56c17d71b7fee7009a444d2ab1dbe2143edee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256898574.jpg?k=2f2d745ea3afbb9e64d39ffc6c4e0c76fece0678a63161bd1010d380e450c625&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Deti Jon 5 m"\n  - "Tele Sport 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Perfect location, cleanliness, comfort and service. The lady at reception is extremely helpful, friendlyX and just over the top service from her. Would definitely come back and recommend”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Location was excellent in city center close to restaurants, amenities and attractions. Rooms were spacious and quiet. You have to enter hotel through Komiteti bar which is a very cool bohemian place to enjoy morning coffee or evening raki!)”"\n  - name: "Maxwell"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Great location and super quiet. I was surprised by how large the room was. Heating and cooling worked amazing. 24 / 7 staff meant that I could arrive close to midnight and still be accommodated.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/domus.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room is thoughtfully furnished, featuring a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs, with select accommodations boasting serene garden views, adding a touch of tranquility to the urban escape. The multilingual staff, proficient in English, Spanish, and Italian, stand ready to assist guests around the clock at the reception, highlighting the hotel's commitment to exemplary service.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and vibrant culture, Hotel Domus serves as an ideal base. The property is conveniently located near several of the city's major attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, inviting guests to delve into the local heritage. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is merely 17 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Hotel Domus offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana, whether they're in town for business or leisure.