---\ntitle: "Hotel Imperiale"\ndescription: "Hotel Imperiale stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in Durrës, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418438057.jpg?k=cd8d65f056b459a7104423837f8d4796061db0ebbb9b5b5674f322eb72edf506&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-imperiale\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia Lagja 13, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.308923\n  lng: 19.488242\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418438057.jpg?k=cd8d65f056b459a7104423837f8d4796061db0ebbb9b5b5674f322eb72edf506&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379581808.jpg?k=fd8d3db2426b988c088499f039d06af19224a19774790ed6adb39fe22015e0b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379581805.jpg?k=da19b4e9896844ff06a6c819c5637bb3fb55de7639465432e631b2166adb7f5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363805335.jpg?k=3013ce65a8873545733fe44fa69ac92f3133d78d3b09410e9c21f0d597724842&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363805284.jpg?k=ea1008051796eefc6add51b04b77433169e29437d2df8518b702b9c371af2615&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363805339.jpg?k=734801c9b32afe0f01c07ee119f65f7a4b46a78168cd371a2c8be7a042ada954&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Large Double Room"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sulltan Bakllava 50 m"\n  - "Relax 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 150 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything was great! Hotel is new and it was so clean and comfortable. Beach is cross the street, very close. My family enjoy the vacation. Rooms are big enough and restourante is beautiful. People in hotel are nice and they are trying to help...”"\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Alojamento limpo, pequeno-almoço bom (apesar de não ser buffet, opções disponíveis eram satisfatórias), permitiu check in tardio. Casa de banho espaçosa.”"\n  - name: "Massimiliano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Anche se in un posto non bellissimo come Durazzo, pulito e molto accogliente. Colazione ben preparata e molto ricca. Consigliatissimo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/imperiale.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Imperiale are treated to rooms that boast not only a balcony for soaking in the city's vibrant atmosphere but also come equipped with all the essentials for a restful stay. Each room features a private bathroom complete with a bath and hairdryer, ensuring privacy and convenience. Moreover, the allure of the city view from these rooms adds an extra layer of charm to the stay. For added comfort, each room is fitted with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV, catering to guests' entertainment needs.

The hotel's location is notably advantageous for those keen to explore the rich history and culture of the area. It lies within easy reach of notable landmarks such as the Rock of Kavaje and the Durres Amphitheatre, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions. Furthermore, the former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 39 km away, offering a unique glimpse into the country's past.

For guests' convenience, Hotel Imperiale ensures a seamless stay with services such as room service and a 24-hour front desk, ready to assist with any needs or inquiries. Positioned 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel also serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

In summary, Hotel Imperiale emerges as a top-tier accommodation choice in Durrës, blending impeccable service, comfortable lodging, and a prime location to offer an unparalleled stay for its guests.