---\ntitle: "Hotel Soan"\ndescription: "Hotel Soan emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience, positioned a mere stone's throw from the pebbly shores, just 100 meters away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95067686.jpg?k=ae311d098ee4bbd6af5222908c474c715b741df2b4153f32f7f64b93d9b6232c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-soan\naddress: "Rruga Sarande-Butrinti km2, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.852743\n  lng: 20.022673\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95067686.jpg?k=ae311d098ee4bbd6af5222908c474c715b741df2b4153f32f7f64b93d9b6232c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95235733.jpg?k=284fb16e6155a37ea85bf1182f711dd881d2a16beef974f4a9a41edb17a0c0f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95067585.jpg?k=7340f054b7283ac9b1a5461722d8b240770295e6d51e4ae2e7b9c238d283cbfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69174813.jpg?k=6d161bb705316861d6c3ea8b735faf27beb0da6ed4f2361928fe7bdc3c950b4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211086752.jpg?k=d1f12d4921a21efcd2067aaffba8d25400eb6311a7ab7f0922cc4faee25cac09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211086745.jpg?k=c12ec0aa5238156ee21e9780cecc12f20372f8419b331140802454da5678365c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211086142.jpg?k=2dfc7c0a2ca465f5fab646561a7c98405ba64768cf0b93c3a70b26f6fae71192&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211086147.jpg?k=476a95ba7c0b4cc4ed0ddb86eaf41d8c67115dec9b2eab1be96938ef5e5fe739&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211086150.jpg?k=aa2357d49c0d151138b223b741ff4ceadc58a61d566aec1449389eaf02656d76&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpella 40 m"\n  - "La Cueva 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 300 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 600 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 700 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 350 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Evdokia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was really clean and the rooms were well-maintained. Everyone was so friendly and helpful and they provided parking. The location is ideal as you can visit city centre and check all the famous beaches in Ksamil. The breakfast was buffet style...”"\n  - name: "Calin"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The was always a place to park in front on the hotel, which was really nice and important ( you will understand why when you are there, especially if you want to go to other places on the weekends:) )
The rooms were cleaned very thoroughly on a...”"\n  - name: "Knežević"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“I wolud recommend this hotel for everyone who's coming to Sarandë. Close to the beach, amazing view from balcony, hotel was super clean, always scented, owners were friendly and very hardworking people who strive to make hotel even better. Room...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/soan.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of air-conditioned accommodations, each featuring a balcony, ensuring a private outdoor space for every guest. The rooms are well-equipped with essential amenities such as cable TV and a fridge, complemented by bathrooms stocked with complimentary toiletries. Select rooms elevate the experience with breathtaking sea views or the added convenience of a kitchenette, catering to a range of preferences and needs.

Adjacent to Hotel Soan, guests will find a grocery store for all their essentials, and just a few steps away, a restaurant awaits to tantalize taste buds with both traditional and international cuisine. For those looking to dive into the nightlife, a vibrant nightclub is situated a short 250-meter stroll from the hotel.

Beyond the comforts of the hotel, a swimming pool beckons at a 200-meter distance, offering a refreshing escape. Transportation is a breeze, with a local bus stop directly in front of Hotel Soan, providing routes to the historic Butrint. The enchanting Sarandë Castle lies 4 km away, while the Butrint Archeological Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is 15 km from the hotel.

For adventurers looking to explore further, the Greek border is accessible within a 30-minute drive, and the ferry port, offering connections to Corfu, is just 3.5 km away. Corfu Island, with its own airport, is a mere 30-minute ferry journey, making Hotel Soan an ideal base for exploring the wider region.

Hotel Soan stands out not only for its strategic location and comprehensive amenities but also for its commitment to ensuring a memorable stay for every guest, making it a standout choice for travelers to Sarandë.