---\ntitle: "Hotel Salvadore"\ndescription: "Hotel Salvadore emerges as a charming retreat in the vibrant city of Vlorë, positioned conveniently less than a kilometer from the pristine Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521781175.jpg?k=f572627db11acc28761146a70dbb9bed509eb8070f662fc7edd0d861854afa3a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-salvadore\naddress: "Rruga Pelivan Leskaj, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45345854\n  lng: 19.4926278\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 416\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521781175.jpg?k=f572627db11acc28761146a70dbb9bed509eb8070f662fc7edd0d861854afa3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476453031.jpg?k=53663c0c1aacc146a050fee20573e0d978eedce25adce535b940c815cc6308f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353698797.jpg?k=09da60976171e18ab88c8aa9bcfec4322ce18bd91629bd0f506f712e87d22f7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353671445.jpg?k=96b86e820c70be2dc4256b56c999a471d62b1d4e4bbf11f424e7344520016470&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521777880.jpg?k=620230f2943a44819e10e43ba90ab22af71afbb8c8c09ea6380eca9b9208e53a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353812456.jpg?k=076b757f2f126294f39265c6ba506b4357318e0449c06cc1b3d898ecde0c98e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476452911.jpg?k=2af7770814fea83bd3dea7f4b6acc15b0566c4db960fb136f9798303ea59d991&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474110719.jpg?k=2fd0f186ab9af5227f7b5fe6132b638f0ae2fa61b0ee1e48db8ac31e74566284&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474110267.jpg?k=4dc27836313b53b902223776293043e6d97f1b14c4e5bf0dc586d786222d5be4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Damiano lItaliano 350 m"\n  - "Carraro 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 600 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 950 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.6 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Mr. Salvadore is a great host and accomodation is really nice. Breakfast - fresh, always on time, rooms- huge, modern and clean. Place is 300m far from promenade but on quiet street.”"\n  - name: "Sophia2847"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The room was excellent, very comfort, elegant and clean. It cover my needs and my expectations. Very good price. The owner Mr. Salvadore was very friendly, polite and helpfully. I recommend this hotel for great stay.”"\n  - name: "Sebaet"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Clean spacious room, good location wonderful breakfast very pleasant.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/salvadore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nWith the added convenience of complimentary WiFi, guests are guaranteed a seamless connection throughout their stay. The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service, offering room service around the clock and a 24-hour front desk to address any needs or inquiries guests may have during their stay.

Accommodations at Hotel Salvadore are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. Safety is paramount, with each unit featuring a secure safety deposit box. The private bathrooms come well-appointed with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start to each day. For added convenience, all units include a fridge, and select rooms boast a balcony offering breathtaking mountain views.

Mornings at Hotel Salvadore begin with a delightful continental breakfast, providing the perfect start to a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's location is ideal for beach lovers, with Vjetër Beach just 1.4 km away and Ri Beach at a distance of 2.3 km, offering ample opportunities for sunbathing and water activities.

For those traveling from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km from the hotel, making Hotel Salvadore a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Vlorë.