---\ntitle: "Hotel de Charme"\ndescription: "Hotel de Charme stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96795281.jpg?k=b329803c264214f3ba913db78ddd089f9cc63606d3c5d2aeeb108aea5428486f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-de-charme\naddress: "Rruga Vaso Pasha, 5 Kryqezimi mes rruges Pjeter Bogdani dhe Vaso Pasha, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3211827\n  lng: 19.8157042\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 7.2\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 153\nratings:\n  overall: 7.2\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 7\n  facilities: 6.5\n  value: 7\n  comfort: 6.9\n  staff: 7.3\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96795281.jpg?k=b329803c264214f3ba913db78ddd089f9cc63606d3c5d2aeeb108aea5428486f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96770291.jpg?k=292d906e996f32603507ec5d453d5472f20005981e161085d85822d6f010546b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96770329.jpg?k=37f0c60f14848b9a1bfc5a09fd14b957586c4d33e194adc0615934ed129bd473&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101279984.jpg?k=b8d741b4d518f85dbbbbfe31daa3b5688e42c40a4e06cf5e2bbd14060f42cef5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96799776.jpg?k=7e32e66b1e89af69bdc7e821b3d7d1a848aabdfbfc6ad3b12a906e2b49b178df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96808701.jpg?k=c4aa504bbc60b9df2065a905109042c0b7324220f58061172b51a852175a5e76&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piper Lounge Bar & 20 m"\n  - "Divina 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/de-charme.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel de Charme are greeted with a range of amenities designed to cater to both leisure and business needs. The hotel boasts a fully equipped business center, secure luggage storage, and the convenience of a 24-hour front desk. For those arriving from afar, the added benefit of airport transfers, an on-site ATM, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property makes for a seamless stay.

The accommodations at Hotel de Charme are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful experience. Each room serves as a private oasis, featuring a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The attention to detail extends to the en-suite bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. Select rooms further enhance the stay with the addition of a balcony, offering guests a private space to unwind outdoors. Safety is also a priority, with each room outfitted with a secure deposit box.

For those keen to explore, Hotel de Charme's location serves as an ideal base. The hotel is in close proximity to several of Tirana's notable landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Pyramid of Tirana, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 kilometers away, making Hotel de Charme a convenient choice for both international visitors and those on domestic excursions.

In summary, Hotel de Charme emerges as a top selection for travelers who value a blend of accessibility, amenities, and serene accommodations in the vibrant city of Tirana.