---\ntitle: "Hotel Semajo"\ndescription: "Hotel Semajo stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214288968.jpg?k=95bb945d20b76e5b191b75d8fcf0df27d477de786bf3a9fbedbc7e487d520945&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-semajo\naddress: "Uji Ftohte 7 Pallatet, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4383391\n  lng: 19.4977879\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214288968.jpg?k=95bb945d20b76e5b191b75d8fcf0df27d477de786bf3a9fbedbc7e487d520945&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389992147.jpg?k=d7f09ac2c5b72bf3e3e4e9bcb9e924daf4f6a641923885cf376db3ccea20c421&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389992029.jpg?k=3572cca05be3084fc8bbd97bb4a2a7313d104b299152f1c7c9b03a2b37fe445c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389992064.jpg?k=f017ae99553ce37a7bb65192c1c180a13b227115eb71e4014f0e85941d0371c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389992074.jpg?k=01b77a38efbf17acc79525fbb44f334aa4e7cbebe97012bccb4b8c07c70034ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389992062.jpg?k=05e7dfcb4e8df1462238e20a9727866beaf39d3e314439d8fd22831ca1006dda&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "King Room with Spa Bath"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\n  - "Suite with Sauna"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujar 200 m"\n  - "Restorant Titanic 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 400 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 300 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nermin"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The hotel was clean, comfy, and had hospitable staff. Plus, the breakfast was delicious! It's also in a great location, with the beach just a 5-minute walk away and a market nearby.”"\n  - name: "Dejana"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Hotel is very nice and clean. Brekfast was great. There is a great terrace in the restaurant. Location is excellent, 5 minutes walk to the beach.”"\n  - name: "Radek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice personel very helpfull, out of main crouded street, good parking- but they have to cut those roses small stratches appear on car”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/semajo-aparthotel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nEach guestroom and suite is thoughtfully equipped with cable TV and private bathroom facilities, ensuring a restful and private retreat. For dining, the on-site restaurant serves up delicious meals, while the bar is a cozy spot for light snacks paired with local beer, catering to all tastes and preferences.

Beyond the comforts of the rooms, Hotel Semajo excels in guest services. The 24-hour front desk stands ready to assist with any needs, offering amenities such as a safety deposit box and laundry services for a hassle-free stay. Additionally, guests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary parking, a convenient perk not always found in city accommodations.

Strategically situated, the hotel is a mere 3 km from the historic Independence Square and just a short 2.6 km journey from the iconic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. Whether in town for business or leisure, Hotel Semajo promises a stay that is both comfortable and memorable, making it a standout option for savvy travelers.