---\ntitle: "Hotel Rai"\ndescription: "Hotel Rai stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking beachfront accommodations in Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the city's main beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823356.jpg?k=2adfe3c251a30b4925073af34adf9c173cae49596aa26be51405b2c886da26b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-rai\naddress: "40 Rruga Ismail Qemali, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87196216\n  lng: 20.00083432\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 398\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823356.jpg?k=2adfe3c251a30b4925073af34adf9c173cae49596aa26be51405b2c886da26b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520611356.jpg?k=8fc84e715bb036fa4ecba83489ebbc3b1954824c211c99af0c48961e48a5f4da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520608476.jpg?k=78fedcb4301c9ddec1953f2c43c0a25d7e3f0b2221fdf8d7f08071c83ab8f8f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520613289.jpg?k=0e02fc558532eb777da37ea2d1d14cdc5f2c4c445e2f0d1622cd533b794ba316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285669123.jpg?k=23cdf683d29e4f61bc69bc73f92034ce60c4b3103bd9068ab4f107d9015a80dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520605609.jpg?k=d8d6a101e42341137fdaad5e48b9712b3d7f6fe425e6b6f24a57761c3d4e90ba&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Queen Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Fish Filipi 10 m"\n  - "Taste of Tradition 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 300 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Perfect place to stay in Saranda! Everything is new in the room, great location (very close to the beach and port), air condition works perfect, comfortable bed, fridge in the room.
What's more - very nice host!”"\n  - name: "Tams"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great location and the owners helped me get some momey back from an unfortunate car hire. So helpful..Thankyou”"\n  - name: "Fellipe"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Renovated hotel very well decorated. Nice air conditioning, nice host, perfect location (5 min walking from the port of Saranda)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rai.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering well-appointed family rooms, each equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV for ultimate comfort and entertainment. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which come with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and the added convenience of free WiFi throughout the property. Select rooms also feature balconies, allowing guests to soak in the vibrant atmosphere of Sarandë from the comfort of their accommodation.

For those interested in exploring beyond the beach, Hotel Rai serves as an excellent base. Maestral Beach is just a short distance away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and sunbathing. Meanwhile, the historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins and natural beauty, is only 17 km away, promising an enriching day trip. For guests arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km from the hotel.

Hotel Rai emerges as a top contender for visitors to Sarandë, combining the convenience of its location with the quality of its facilities and the warmth of its hospitality. Whether it's lounging on the beach, exploring local attractions, or simply enjoying the view from a balcony, this hotel caters to a wide range of preferences, making it a sought-after destination for discerning travelers.