---\ntitle: "Hotel Vataksi"\ndescription: "Hotel Vataksi emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Shkodër, boasting an array of amenities that cater to both leisure and adventure seekers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137383686.jpg?k=8709560cea5bd617bf0b511cbffae89c03e2bf225468f82bd39393ea017d0e59&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vataksi\naddress: "new buna bridge, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.04574032\n  lng: 19.48558601\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 164\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137383686.jpg?k=8709560cea5bd617bf0b511cbffae89c03e2bf225468f82bd39393ea017d0e59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/136478473.jpg?k=dceac61e38eaa763a66823b4f29a92eb18aee9453a8d9325dd01770657d8e5b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74107841.jpg?k=53e591e9ed6f4d53cf87a4490efd114cdf0fcae35ce12a72e05441cb6236d517&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137384086.jpg?k=3b0baef53c8562e05b93297e61373e07392e9295d4a76fc1a1ae2a4691117483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/78826382.jpg?k=057fffd3dece83c547eaa7698662b0b099b0c50ff3315fdf9ba3632b2346ead6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/136484272.jpg?k=262405a98e205c0941071ecd27bfa64a522ee9e0dff7f8670d8eddb5c39f0069&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Lake View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Vataksi 30 m"\n  - "Bar Unik 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 700 m"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very friendly Hotel Management, I was allowed to put my bicycle in the Hotel at night, thanks a lot again!”"\n  - name: "Ladislav"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice wood room with nice view. Served quite big breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Muntean"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Really nice staff, very helpful. Very good breakfast and food in general. The room was big and the air conditioning was really good. Beautiful view from the room and from the terrace. Big private parking. We loved it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vellezerit-vataksi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nMornings at Hotel Vataksi start with a flavorful halal breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For families, the hotel's children's playground is a haven of fun, ensuring that younger guests are entertained. The hotel's prime location encourages guests to immerse themselves in the local culture through activities such as fishing and cycling, promising an authentic Shkodër experience.

Situated 45 km from the Port of Bar and 62 km from Podgorica Airport, Hotel Vataksi serves as an ideal base for travelers looking to discover the region's attractions or those in transit. Whether it's the allure of the city or the call of nature, Hotel Vataksi stands ready to offer a memorable stay in one of Albania's most vibrant locales.