---\ntitle: "Hotel Blue Days"\ndescription: "Hotel Blue Days stands out as a premier destination in Borsh, boasting its own private beach area that promises an exclusive retreat for guests seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206514721.jpg?k=b77fce942458cead3627d5a08670d0c6e3e4ba65d0cc48374f59cb9316c2dcc7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-blue-days\naddress: "Rr: Plazhi Borsh, 9708 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.03737599\n  lng: 19.865022\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 140\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206514721.jpg?k=b77fce942458cead3627d5a08670d0c6e3e4ba65d0cc48374f59cb9316c2dcc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145238935.jpg?k=cfebeb312cfe7f73fb5085d93b3d6b2f5d493cee7fa47a0fb95dd96f88348ffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145238888.jpg?k=df69378a9a07ea7a63b75df8f2a80e51cc1eef852ff1152d799673988b57b649&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206345720.jpg?k=56d08e25fba637d2472675e68ee93e06b32eb35158e6c497176f6021383ac3d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206345718.jpg?k=daef70b6eb3641f7963712e02eb9b5193836a391585963e539a225bad575efca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206345662.jpg?k=2a2de4ab5030b2a0a44b53cf114bf8ac4f15f2586ef08645fbe300df06328d03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/50374566.jpg?k=081cbcd460149819da4757a147e26e298598160928945d85346a07b29672556e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/145238929.jpg?k=2d706459bc03f8af550ac0726df9d8bdb8845e8fb741275a1b25ab73741c2992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206345618.jpg?k=95f19ae405aca94af0864cc9c6ce47492fc91cee6e8dd9f0819aef53594668d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Luna Magic 50 m"\n  - "Luna Bar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 50 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 47 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. The location is the best and the hotel has all the facilities required for a proper vacation. It was perfect for us as a couple or for families for children,because it has a lot of space within the hotel premises and also a...”"\n  - name: "Gopal"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Beach is excellent, umbrellas provided by the hotel were always available. Staff is very helpful and always ready to address your needs.”"\n  - name: "Marija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything. The hotel is very clean, the beach is very close and there are always comfortable sunbeds available. Breakfast is plentiful, and the food in the restaurant is delicious, especially the pizzas. Special thanks to the owner for making us...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/blue-days.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Blue Days is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a seating area for relaxation. Guests can enjoy the fresh air and scenic views from their own terrace or balcony, making every morning a delightful experience. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those looking to immerse themselves in activities, Hotel Blue Days does not disappoint. The vicinity offers a plethora of options including swimming, snorkeling, and various water sports, catering to the adventurous spirit of every guest. Families will also appreciate the thoughtfully designed children's playground area, ensuring fun for all ages.

Situated a mere 57 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 22 km from the vibrant city of Sarandë, Hotel Blue Days serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural attractions of the area. This hotel is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable experience in one of the most beautiful settings on the Albanian coast.