---\ntitle: "Hotel Colosseo Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Colosseo Tirana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109753160.jpg?k=868169a1ae747c8b08bb74ccfc1eba6f2429400f2dfa00b13eb27d738422ac4f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-colosseo-tirana\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit / Sheshi Adem Jashari, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33155248\n  lng: 19.80782356\nprice: "US$73"\npriceFrom: 73\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 861\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109753160.jpg?k=868169a1ae747c8b08bb74ccfc1eba6f2429400f2dfa00b13eb27d738422ac4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127037693.jpg?k=841e3c034af8203c25976c991542b19ad0091cedd89cb3f8bd85641aff0e2ce8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127500371.jpg?k=c33c7d98128f07b2e749a2d193a60df97cdafa92549dac8dcb1e763dd7d9f0ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127501349.jpg?k=a21fad01feb61c9f1eb021b903c616ce53c87f1dd0e71464cb10ca825a85ffa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127038357.jpg?k=9edc726eedb04ab292c74d4422adc028fd8cbc17363844c00c252fa2e108bbcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/120754584.jpg?k=0a58d3e40d1d8dbcf04899aa7d8a32938d3bb4cd96f8dc537c8fbca9ca1be0ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Small Single Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lika 100 m"\n  - "Zio Peppe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Colosseo and we would definitely return. The staff at the front desk and restaurant were really friendly and polite, and we were able to enjoy some food at the restaurant before checking in. The room itself was...”"\n  - name: "Iraj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The breakfast was very good but the range was rather limited for a 4* hotel (compared to Hotel Xhako Imperial and Tirana International Hotel where I have stayed before).”"\n  - name: "Shqiponja"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“everything about this hotel is exceptional! The staff is so professional and friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/colosseo-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Colosseo Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a sleek flat-screen satellite TV and a well-stocked minibar, ensuring relaxation and refreshment are always within reach. For those who appreciate a view, select rooms feature balconies that offer captivating cityscapes, transforming a simple stay into a memorable experience. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where guests can enjoy the luxury of complimentary toiletries, soft slippers, and a hairdryer, making it easy to unwind after a day of exploration.

Beyond the rooms, the hotel invites guests to savor the ambiance of its cocktail and lounge bar, a perfect setting for evening relaxation or socializing over expertly mixed drinks. For those requiring transportation, the hotel simplifies travel arrangements with an airport shuttle service available for an additional fee. Moreover, the convenience of complimentary parking upon request adds to the seamless experience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to the National Arts Gallery, merely 1.3 km away, while the Sky Tower, standing 1.5 km from the hotel, offers an unparalleled view of the city. With Tirana Airport just 16.3 km away, Hotel Colosseo Tirana presents an accessible retreat for both international visitors and those on domestic journeys.

In summary, Hotel Colosseo Tirana emerges as a distinguished destination for guests desiring a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and attentive service, making every stay a delightful encounter with the essence of Tirana.