---\ntitle: "Hotel Queen"\ndescription: "Hotel Queen emerges as a serene retreat in the residential quarters of Tirana, promising a blend of tranquility and accessibility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377023754.jpg?k=ad1e6376ad3d21cb482a19dabab8f0ae8a40543f8bec12763dd435547eb906d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-queen\naddress: "Lgj.Kodra e Diellit.Rr Shkelqim Fusha prane Qendres Kristale, 0355 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3129675\n  lng: 19.80159044\nprice: "US$77"\npriceFrom: 77\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 202\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377023754.jpg?k=ad1e6376ad3d21cb482a19dabab8f0ae8a40543f8bec12763dd435547eb906d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377022511.jpg?k=1b6f72de01ae335a25513e0f1f77fb6fc77b1fab5914a28ff437ecb995e3d013&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377022333.jpg?k=7c139627db825249523560fcf20b2e25627ab6772de6e3c0760303623565ae45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377023266.jpg?k=0cb37b49189c4c78eea15ef408dd8b7be63732a8387800cf07b840aec9602880&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377023078.jpg?k=1c3ebb0c3aa4bd9b1b94216af561e931dab57b3c4f0d73565d95a948e4f64eda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377022522.jpg?k=4e91a1bef56625e668ad0052e584f7a690b2f0c7fb23ee217c18f7aa4d4828bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mono Tirana 100 m"\n  - "Eden Breeze Fish 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chloe"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Clean, modern with an old fashion vibe and spacious rooms.
Staff were excellent, so helpful.”"\n  - name: "Carmen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice, very clean. Nice breakfast! Close to the central attractions. Taxi arranged from the airport. I would definitely choose again.”"\n  - name: "Alif"\n    country: "Kuwait"\n    text: "“breakfast was up to the mark but could have been more varieties but staffs were super helpful and friendly. enjoyed my stay and I would recommend this place to be a 4 star property.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/queen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Queen are thoughtfully designed for comfort and privacy, featuring en-suite bathrooms equipped with both a bath and a bidet. The added luxuries of bathrobes, slippers, and complimentary toiletries elevate the experience, alongside the entertainment provided by flat-screen TVs with satellite channels in every room.

For those arriving by air, Hotel Queen simplifies travel logistics with a convenient taxi service directly from Tirana Airport to the city center, and subsequently to the hotel's doorstep. The assurance of a 24-hour front desk and the availability of private on-site parking further enhance the guest experience, ensuring peace of mind throughout the stay.

The hotel's location is notably strategic, with Zoo Park and a picturesque lake just 1 km away, inviting exploration. Moreover, the proximity to a bus station, a mere 50m away, opens up Tirana’s rich tapestry of culture and history to those who prefer public transport. With Tirana Airport located 17 km from the hotel, Hotel Queen stands as an accessible gateway for both international travelers and those looking to delve into the local scene.