---\ntitle: "Hotel Elior"\ndescription: "Hotel Elior emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215693701.jpg?k=a9076cc2a474a105bce15993012ea2a25d2522cc68f2c2d57ecc24cae83f057b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-elior\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Collaku mbrapa Postes Shqiptare Nr. 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32687808\n  lng: 19.81568332\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 249\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215693701.jpg?k=a9076cc2a474a105bce15993012ea2a25d2522cc68f2c2d57ecc24cae83f057b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215694780.jpg?k=fbb47b416d33181f2651e86dd3c9e3df9e1b175bc106367ac1a64547aa9e86aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215695947.jpg?k=a53e8e77824dae9c622ca589d2b028b5f8aeb3417f8a8acf95f1e4d9cdf2454b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215695231.jpg?k=bc047c88dc802438d2728c8b92e1eef8cf4f2d7b039a977c2e971c43df0b06bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215695900.jpg?k=15f9f37d0f5765fe0b006f334115656b3153397fd79cedd1c46b2d025950d637&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409872060.jpg?k=773699211be3651797fea5ffa4b48a6461a65408dfa2a4868fd50c8d43cbe60f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215695838.jpg?k=9e032a82010385d545e1d4e7b827144aeabea1aaa38be2cb2a049ef217da2c33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215693615.jpg?k=ff71a73695876683a489f26a553034d35b0f1653d86b7a499175d5d9e8b4d1ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215695649.jpg?k=0b58e8bf3ab4aa9617da189a3b87463618cd3e03f807710a83118b2ace4a44fb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Makamona 50 m"\n  - "Posta 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Driss"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Hotel in the downtown/ city centre
The kindness of people working in the hotel
Hotel very clean”"\n  - name: "Carl"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Upon arrival at 1030 the young man behind reception ,was very accommodating offering us coffee while the room was made ready for our stay . In this period of time he was very chatty (fluent English) and also very knowledgeable. The room was...”"\n  - name: "Andrew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, clean with friendly staff. There is a small coffee shop in reception so breakfast is fresh coffee, pastry, yoghurt, egg and toast and jam. It was a great breakfast which they adapted for our dietary requirements.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elior.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Elior are treated to air-conditioned rooms that are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as a desk, kettle, fridge, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each room, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Beyond the rooms, Hotel Elior boasts a welcoming bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through its comprehensive services, including room service, a concierge service, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, the hotel caters to the well-being and comfort of all guests.

For those looking to explore Tirana's attractions, Hotel Elior serves as an ideal base. The House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana are all within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, making Hotel Elior a favorable choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Hotel Elior stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity for an unforgettable stay in Tirana.