---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila e Arte City Center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Hotel Vila e Arte City Center, a gem that offers more than just a convenient location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96456810.jpg?k=7ba82dd8642ed5249751131584852a356129220e8de369e7205fb7af1e1ff4aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-e-arte-city-center\naddress: "Rr Qemal Stafa prane Prokurorise se Pergjithshme , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33006759\n  lng: 19.82245535\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1679\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96456810.jpg?k=7ba82dd8642ed5249751131584852a356129220e8de369e7205fb7af1e1ff4aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261884868.jpg?k=c53b5953ff67d3bc455711228f84df0758f05f8dff4c8fc018113600e56fb1e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261885442.jpg?k=fee879c10f885478e5266055ec7f1ee83391e56ad43bfa7a15bb4ea90106be09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96431907.jpg?k=4675be93a6f1ccd87c6a3d12ffd550f954ab2bf1adbad78af9382920743b9210&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261886383.jpg?k=7342196c9f6f3837665478ef267c2720db6d9d4ef91641e1e0e99d78b94495f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261888405.jpg?k=c0213e82d4144670524999f3b046a6c5ac18c15dd8c65fb55297b8dc75f40da3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arty's 50 m"\n  - "Coffee Spot 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Przemyslaw"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Location, support, perfect. Rooms very good, everything on place. Strongly reccomend”"\n  - name: "Kamil"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, helpfull and looking after staff. Special words to Arsola, who only works here 1 month, but she is asset to the hotel. She helped us get everything we needed, and we know she didn't need to do that. Also, your English is superb....”"\n  - name: "Liz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“An amazing hotel. The room and bathroom were spotless, beds comfortable with complimentary toiletries. Breakfast had a good selection of European choices.
The staff were polite and so helpful. As the airport doesn't accept mobile boarding cards,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-e-arte.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Vila e Arte is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, a TV, telephone, and minibar, ensuring a restful stay. The inclusion of private bathrooms, with the option of a bath or shower, adds a touch of privacy and convenience to your accommodation.

Mornings at Vila e Arte are greeted with a buffet-style breakfast, a perfect start to a day of exploration. The hotel doesn't stop there; it also boasts an on-site restaurant and a cozy lobby bar, providing guests with ample dining options without having to step outside.

For those who love to shop, the hotel's proximity to the main city shopping district is a dream come true, accessible with just a short walk. Nature enthusiasts and history buffs will appreciate the hotel's location as well, with Tirana's artificial lake and a 13th-century castle both within easy reach, offering a blend of natural beauty and historical intrigue.

Convenience is key, and Hotel Vila e Arte excels in this aspect. The Tirana Bus Station is just a 10-minute walk away, while Tirana Airport is located 15 km from the hotel, making both arrival and departure as smooth as possible.

Hotel Vila e Arte City Center stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of Tirana's vibrant culture right at their doorstep.