---\ntitle: "Hotel Berati"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Berati with a stay at the esteemed Hotel Berati, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of the city's historical center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/17744908.jpg?k=b3e0534e3f7aae6897ddce6f11ae0961defff65432a3794ee2f287a8767a19bb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-berati\naddress: "Ruga Veli Zaloshnja, 5000 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70443628\n  lng: 19.95435959\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 368\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/17744908.jpg?k=b3e0534e3f7aae6897ddce6f11ae0961defff65432a3794ee2f287a8767a19bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149875768.jpg?k=d42d2aa79a43d96e1070b90fee4ac0f7f01a9a17bbf0e6a09203c5333892e8ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149875842.jpg?k=6a0da07213221c6378c2f87f84f4c7046e4f01d6d10012cf87bf0588968552ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149875936.jpg?k=9fd19b571bc4465ec5bdfc1397cf4f436bfd6ebe0f093e0c186accd87a7a8768&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/166723254.jpg?k=65760564876b6caf4eb2e15acb6cfa953a326823ee30c726779e95f787455689&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/156538315.jpg?k=67bd2879dc6f9aa0379b5f10956068d71e15593fa4579068f6731e0005d6cab2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Hallall Medine 5 m"\n  - "Imperial Fish Berat 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Saki"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The historical interior design and the authenticity. The location of the hotel is close to everything. The hotel is in the centre”"\n  - name: "Santosh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Closer to the centre, closer to the public transports. Friendly and helpful staff. Total value for money.”"\n  - name: "Mischa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I had a great stay here. The owner is very friendly. And the location is perfect for me since I'm very lazy, hate slope and stairs. Just easy walk to all the attractions, restaurants, bus stop, supermarket. I paid such less money but it's 5 stars...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/berati.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nAt Hotel Berati, guests are treated to traditional culinary delights in the on-site restaurant and bar, where the flavors of the region come to life. The added convenience of complimentary Wi-Fi and parking enhances the overall experience, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Accommodations at Hotel Berati are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room features simple yet elegant furnishings, satellite TV, and ample storage with a wardrobe. The en-suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower, and additional services such as laundry and dry cleaning are available upon request, adding a touch of personalized service to your stay.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture, the hotel's proximity to key historical sites is unbeatable. The Old Town and The Lead Mosque are just a two-minute stroll away, while the majestic Berat Castle, a testament to the 13th-century architecture, is located a mere 500 meters from the hotel. Adventure seekers will appreciate the close distance to Tomorri National Park and the exhilarating rafting experiences on the Osum River.

Conveniently situated, Hotel Berati ensures easy access to local transportation, with bus stops a few steps from the hotel. For international travelers, Tirana and its airport are 110 km away, making Hotel Berati an ideal base for exploring the wonders of Berati and beyond.

In summary, Hotel Berati stands out as a top choice for visitors to Berati, offering a blend of historical charm, modern amenities, and a strategic location that puts the best of the city within easy reach.