---\ntitle: "Hotel Lula Ksamil"\ndescription: "Hotel Lula Ksamil emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the Vlorë County Region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139630942.jpg?k=119199103bcc977a8acf1db3a8d78c10fb3f6cd2bca5008a5d46291d3928b042&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-lula-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76490528\n  lng: 19.99603182\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 959\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139630942.jpg?k=119199103bcc977a8acf1db3a8d78c10fb3f6cd2bca5008a5d46291d3928b042&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302166163.jpg?k=c211af6b00aa2cb26c3738c0da2f75792cfb504d356082f507644592dfac33d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384225792.jpg?k=c39a0e91e3a08d2e7d98a00d4d2bdaa8f82d71e829896737b880969e12627436&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/249582211.jpg?k=85c2280d77de267bb2a9a67d1c4275fbb7667c1167c45862f82694c05ec3600f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302166150.jpg?k=f6155121a588a857e72c983a08a2fb283dd4d78e85309e541ff61583cb4a550e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302166173.jpg?k=33f36f0aa38bda4d6402cecab3680e90f54b278332f1774fb0be69ac6cb00213&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384226399.jpg?k=1aaea170de03f91038f31808e9c1c44d13386c451dd38625a82269730ec1547c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384225886.jpg?k=1b94c18e38768d3dcdedd17629ba2fcb7af94f2a39a15aa9d58849b5ca11c4af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302164838.jpg?k=1cb9650188d79d91fa0bfc6f8c8e943cb9463d86a2412ae39aa8e8d96769bbfd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Plazhi Paradise 40 m"\n  - "Olive Tarraca 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 100 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 150 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johnathan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean and the staff was very friendly. The manager Pedro was really helpful and he suggested us places to go since we went there in October and most of the restaurants where close.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is just a few minutes walking to the beach, hotel itself is really really good, super clean, spacious and comfortable. Staff is very friendly and helpful, plus they offer a fabulous breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Ebrahim"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“Fantastic location; spacious rooms with beautiful views. Delicious; freshly prepared breakfast. Pedro is an excellent host and we enjoyed the homely atmosphere. 100% recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lula-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed rooms, each equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. Select accommodations boast either a terrace or balcony, providing a perfect setting for a morning coffee or an evening wind-down. The assurance of privacy and relaxation is heightened with each room featuring a private bathroom, complete with a bath and bidet, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay.

The entire premises are enveloped in complimentary WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Ksamil. Additionally, the convenience of free private parking lifts the burden of finding a secure spot for vehicles, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Not just a place to rest, Hotel Lula Ksamil invites guests to savor culinary delights at its on-site restaurant or bask in the sun on the terrace, designed for ultimate relaxation. The presence of a 24-hour front desk ensures that guest inquiries and needs are addressed promptly, any time of the day or night.

Hotel Lula Ksamil stands out as a beacon of hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay with a perfect mix of leisure and convenience, making it an ideal choice for those exploring the beauty of Ksamil and its surroundings.