---\ntitle: "Hotel Bylis"\ndescription: "Hotel Bylis stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the vibrant heart of Tirana, merely 600 meters from the iconic Skenderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109764328.jpg?k=f0c567aa60348c7e5350fc7e55880fd193e12947badb7fa0dd9a410e7d358988&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-bylis\naddress: "Bardhok Biba Street, Vila 30/1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33328878\n  lng: 19.81819466\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 171\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109764328.jpg?k=f0c567aa60348c7e5350fc7e55880fd193e12947badb7fa0dd9a410e7d358988&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109868541.jpg?k=b8d5a3f15306ff0f10a1b8ab3cc60a708cba6911565ca6ada002cd629353e7f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46369338.jpg?k=cfc4cac782bdbee4ae083e77f3ba3dc383144244b458f099f04e22fc03254bbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46423221.jpg?k=bb83136f6a61e549e934399a0f941c2ef9b08052fa03e110769f3b6e8e8da95c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/133125381.jpg?k=d76d3fdaae9b42f8cddecc817385dbe6032fe06dabfd7783eff2c3be4a60a166&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46339621.jpg?k=7bd629cf7fe1bb5f44cc202124be3a7ec6b31a6927659a3ff9c3cb0ceb066c78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 50 m"\n  - "Wien Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patrycja"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Lovely place with amazing people. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm, the owner was waiting for us, he helped us to bring our lugage to the room, we also get some soft drink to the room. Very nice, clean place. If you are in Tirana it's a perfect...”"\n  - name: "Mannischwarz"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very friendly host, close to city center, restaurants. and shops close by. Good breakfast with fruits, eggs, bread, tea, coffee, sausage, and cheese.”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Superb location very close to the centre with very helpful and friendly staff. The room was spacious clean and and comfy and the AC worked really well. Even though I hadn’t booked with breakfast they still sorted me out something to start my day...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bylis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Bylis is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring a flat-screen cable TV for entertainment, a balcony for private vistas, and an en-suite bathroom equipped with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries for a seamless stay.

Beyond the confines of its well-appointed rooms, the hotel boasts a bar that caters to diverse palates with its extensive selection of drinks. Mornings at Hotel Bylis promise a delightful start with breakfast served in the elegant dining room, setting the tone for the day ahead.

Strategically positioned, Hotel Bylis offers its guests the luxury of exploring Tirana’s cultural heartbeat on foot. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, Et’Hem Bey Mosque, and the National Museum of History are all within a leisurely 5-minute stroll. For those looking to venture further, the nearest shopping center and Bus Station are conveniently located just 2 km away, making Hotel Bylis an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Albania’s bustling capital.