---\ntitle: "Hotel Adriatik 2"\ndescription: "Hotel Adriatik 2 stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw from a pristine sandy beach and a mere 10 kilometers from the vibrant heart of Durres."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/19674229.jpg?k=691485889f48e668ae07868aeac89bf5a75e30284016cfb01fc7015d4d2f2561&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-adriatik-2\naddress: "Shkembi Kavajes (Golem), 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27107778\n  lng: 19.51754367\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 220\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 7.6\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 7.6\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 6.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/19674229.jpg?k=691485889f48e668ae07868aeac89bf5a75e30284016cfb01fc7015d4d2f2561&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373128837.jpg?k=f869af697dc51f67eecb91f45e313c28fa2c4fe15e968102c748b8c78b12f7e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164740117.jpg?k=b230c04dacc0a114d286f39eca3ba4cb6de1e9e876643774aa735dcc5b11b577&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164744001.jpg?k=170c2de83ad7dd034214a14f332c7b3e9f2608e4911ef58c1d68327d667b8bd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/19621207.jpg?k=c5b1ae3e48928fa77277ea4fb8da74dedb9ee48f7391964a42ff3303f7bf7357&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/19667684.jpg?k=7b3b782d45223a78c3afced42b20cc64601e004fd085ff4d88e8121fc5e55ab7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Arberia 100 m"\n  - "Benilva 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 10 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 650 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Suzana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“- Room was very clean, tidy with all facilities.
- Very delicious breakfast
- The staff was very polite and helpful at any time”"\n  - name: "Zoran"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“good location nice view staff friendly in one word nothing to change”"\n  - name: "Axel"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Diana (Manager) was very helpful; palms for shadow; free if charge sun beds;”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adriatik-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Adriatik 2 are thoughtfully appointed, featuring a minibar and a private bathroom with a shower. Select rooms elevate the guest experience further with balconies that offer sweeping views of the sea, providing a perfect backdrop for a serene evening or a leisurely morning.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where guests can savor an array of dishes spanning Mediterranean, Albanian, and traditional cuisine. The presence of a summer terrace enhances dining experiences, allowing guests to enjoy their meals al fresco. For those looking to explore local flavors, a grocery shop located just 100 meters away offers a convenient option.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to Durres's rich historical sites, including the National Archaeological Museum and the ancient Durres Amphitheatre, dating back to Emperor Trajan's reign. The Cape of Rodon, home to the historic Rodoni Castle, lies about 50 kilometers from the hotel, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip.

Transportation is readily accessible, with a bus stop directly in front of the hotel and the Main Bus Station only 5 kilometers away. Guests planning to explore further afield will find the Durres Ferry Port, offering lines to Bari and Ancona, just 10 kilometers from the property. For those traveling by air, Tirana Airport is located 40 kilometers away, making Hotel Adriatik 2 a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.