---\ntitle: "Hotel Myrtaj"\ndescription: "Hotel Myrtaj emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Sarandë, located conveniently within a stone's throw from Saranda City Beach and a brief stroll from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264097239.jpg?k=9c0b6ad40a30f9c80eccaa326336f36259f5f5b6c5edf6ca1f16a297f8c76490&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-myrtaj\naddress: "Rr. Onhezmi (over Conad Supermarket), 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87534617\n  lng: 20.00671208\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 125\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264097239.jpg?k=9c0b6ad40a30f9c80eccaa326336f36259f5f5b6c5edf6ca1f16a297f8c76490&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467755397.jpg?k=535e14bdf9f6871752891d466b8d8c945129b297756e600e84cccd376d892bad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467755508.jpg?k=60b26144d4f5e404a2f30a93e51578be9c95af013d7c8e86774a3c20a9b76bac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467755452.jpg?k=1e11d59910cc58309bee6f07a61d77c864b8baa87c991098e3e305e4d0dc7923&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467755521.jpg?k=3b800bc0865085d17c6ae4f7be7cb701ec212141706eb4c6da004aab6326ad36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467755385.jpg?k=fad292f43741eb220657534e5ad92b877956bbf3c71ab37a7552b878cb11b1de&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 300 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anagha"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The view and location is perfect.
Bus stop is right next to the hotel, there is super market downstairs, marina is right in front and port is walkable distance. Room was spacious and clean. Staff was helpful.”"\n  - name: "Uwe"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The hotel is centrally located close to the main bus-station (one minute) and within five minutes walk you can reach the corniche. Our room was on the first floor above a supermarket with two balconies overlooking a little park towards the sea....”"\n  - name: "Ine"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“New hotel, with fairly limited facilities. But very nice, high quality work with tiles and everything.
Close to the minibus station, that was important for me.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/myrtaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Myrtaj is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and private bathrooms, ensuring a restful stay for all guests. The thoughtful inclusion of a wardrobe, desk, and flat-screen TV in every room, along with select rooms featuring a balcony, underscores the hotel's commitment to meeting the needs of modern travelers. The provision of bed linen and towels in all rooms adds a touch of home-like comfort to the experience.

Beyond the well-appointed accommodations, Hotel Myrtaj offers practical amenities such as luggage storage and currency exchange services, catering to the diverse needs of its guests. For those looking to explore beyond the local beaches, La Petite Beach and Maestral Beach are within easy reach, located just over a kilometer away.

Travelers considering a visit to this picturesque part of Albania will find Hotel Myrtaj to be an ideal base for their adventures. Although the nearest airport, Ioannina, is 96 km away, the hotel's paid airport shuttle service provides a seamless connection, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure. In summary, Hotel Myrtaj stands out as a delightful choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and warm hospitality in Sarandë.