---\ntitle: "Hotel Viktoria"\ndescription: "Hotel Viktoria stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the historic city of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428191090.jpg?k=eb672f9a5fdfeb2458ece039af99f14e3c66cd08b94c021347c1b57a0c328fb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-viktoria\naddress: "Liqeni i Viroit, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10363048\n  lng: 20.12152567\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428191090.jpg?k=eb672f9a5fdfeb2458ece039af99f14e3c66cd08b94c021347c1b57a0c328fb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426620645.jpg?k=39e4ed23f028afcd6f573cc2aefacbaccc81116a7beeabc8608eaedc96239e3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426667237.jpg?k=5667928b2d9081dd22b5549160565decb7d01ed69bd4f7d8683db7ccc909a41e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426620630.jpg?k=62de3d00cd720ad0815ca335314e8a051350c7c7c403103b62e1d4482aaa4c3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426620679.jpg?k=6b3311785483a30827dc174a6cbc7ae971c203240b0e080392b1428c4638462a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426620566.jpg?k=70f4f0c42d0cff4b1d989a3b58385fb9199b6d425cae240e68d7e24782696694&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Viroi 150 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Freskia 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/viktoria-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nWith an array of amenities designed to cater to every need, Hotel Viktoria ensures a seamless stay for all its guests. The presence of an ATM and a tour desk on the premises, coupled with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the hotel, underscores the property's commitment to providing a hassle-free experience. Whether it's room service, the need for currency exchange, or assistance at any hour, the hotel's dedicated 24-hour front desk is always at the ready.

Accommodations at Hotel Viktoria are thoughtfully appointed to guarantee a restful night's sleep. Each room is furnished with a wardrobe and features a private bathroom complete with a bath, ensuring privacy and comfort. For added convenience, all units are equipped with a TV and air conditioning, while select rooms offer the added luxury of a balcony. To further enhance the guest experience, every room is provisioned with quality bed linen and towels.

Guests at Hotel Viktoria can start their day on the right note with a choice of an à la carte, Italian, or American breakfast, served fresh daily. This delightful offering ensures that mornings are as rejuvenating as they are delicious.

Situated 85 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel Viktoria presents an ideal base for exploring the enchanting surroundings of Gjirokastër or venturing further afield. This hotel not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also offers a gateway to the rich cultural tapestry of the region.