---\ntitle: "Hotel Villa Margarit"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Villa Margarit, a prime beachfront accommodation that stands out for its convenience and comfort in the vibrant heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368524600.jpg?k=449baf3467d3a5c7991c6ec6c3d9d6de2eebeb49a05f1f88b78fb0c22c137d50&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-margarit\naddress: "Rruga Jonianet, Prane stadiumit te lojrave me dore, Mbi Plazhin e Ri, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87321992\n  lng: 20.0034079\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 366\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368524600.jpg?k=449baf3467d3a5c7991c6ec6c3d9d6de2eebeb49a05f1f88b78fb0c22c137d50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442070654.jpg?k=00b158986856359393af0523b19c0e3bb24590fce0e35aed81cb65360fedeb04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357025486.jpg?k=b42d4a39a4f0e5e78a2b7b3cea3c8cdf18925512792b8570a0d4f6a1593ec371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361310856.jpg?k=473fc8c0f5f6d73b9914270d7bc2c8dc061e4a4c46284489d1c9e943964a5e79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442062344.jpg?k=22aaaab0b8315aadd9cdcae5b3530c1a8d773315f1e3e689e197da19a7ddbf19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356777720.jpg?k=5469f222fc218750147141e92fda795caba20c92f5e06f83cabf3a7480ded143&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442062104.jpg?k=ad4e9fbadc4d32396365e7c303d697640c4d35dcefcfc436d5a4dde05887e3a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442062139.jpg?k=4e7fa269ab4a5177f182e9b0271c41e11f46d07c13949479823049b455b5771e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442062011.jpg?k=1666890ff869e22d242ee290fe079e482719a4c295db19f12e472dbd44a12315&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ristorante Italiano 10 m"\n  - "Caci and Pizza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 450 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 500 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dirk"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Good location and nice room
Beautiful place with garden
Lots of space”"\n  - name: "Maya"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We originally booked one night to stay at this hotel, due to a flight cancellation we had to find a hotel for two additional nights last minute. The staff at this hotel was so accommodating and let us stay in our room for as long as we needed...”"\n  - name: "Liza"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect for ferry, market and beach.
warm welcome.
Breakfast under trees, good coffee.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-margarit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Hotel Villa Margarit is equipped with modern amenities including free Wi-Fi, a TV, a fridge, and a balcony to enjoy the fresh sea breeze. The attention to detail in the room's design ensures a comfortable stay, making it a home away from home.

For a delightful start to your day, the hotel's bar, complete with a terrace, serves breakfast and a variety of snacks. Additionally, the convenience of having a small grocery shop within the hotel and a supermarket just a few steps away adds to the ease of your stay.

Located adjacent to a bus stop, Villa Margarit offers easy access to the stunning beaches of Ksamil, Pasqyra, and Manastir. The front desk is also ready to assist with organizing various excursions, making it effortless to explore the surrounding beauty and attractions.

The ferry port, a mere 350 meters away, and the main bus station, located 500 meters from the hotel, provide convenient transportation options for guests. Moreover, the proximity to Butrint National Park, about 20 km away, with its UNESCO-protected historic town, offers a unique opportunity for cultural exploration.

Hotel Villa Margarit is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Sarandë, combining the comfort of modern accommodations with the ease of access to the city's most captivating sights.