---\ntitle: "Hotel Fantasy"\ndescription: "Hotel Fantasy emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253621946.jpg?k=4c1c549c1e149866880c508c65dd0e495f5dfc4fe4f98cb1e14d9859c56e6574&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-fantasy\naddress: "Rruga e Zejtarve, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.075467\n  lng: 20.13875\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 903\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253621946.jpg?k=4c1c549c1e149866880c508c65dd0e495f5dfc4fe4f98cb1e14d9859c56e6574&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253616999.jpg?k=37bac52edf23d9aa84cbd05529c8d2584aea7f75bbb5897e8879453a532f6e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253618430.jpg?k=3694057e02defc7aa6847057d7dff03b2d08e0607641a46a56c98d81e9be213b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253617020.jpg?k=2159b67c1d6580f5a1bbddaa4d59f81abbe4a272f671e5eb84260943df85924d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253620192.jpg?k=0481ba75e3c392138cf12faa38115593ee09ab254937e06ed7b94a7670004c08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253617005.jpg?k=7002d51938d529ebb3b4b0a81268b79e902a74322e5ff64f9cfdff7521fc9093&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253618427.jpg?k=a6a46d1fd9ca2593dc36e7dd15935a8b1ad38dd8825e062bb70c8877f3e4241d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386103404.jpg?k=b3352c65725f70ea6f7577b7ce005a898f3c42bc32a68392162a310a6a25d048&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387307220.jpg?k=83db9580715ec0c1abacde19cadbf3603aac805da4ae8110e6e21423259a248e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Castle View"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Argjiro 30 m"\n  - "Taverna 30 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Todd"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel, great views. Staff was extremely helpful to us in finding parking - we apprecitated their kindness and willingness to help. We enjoyed a great dinner there. The breakfast was excellent!! So many options and everything tasted...”"\n  - name: "Alison"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“very clean spacious and comfy room. staff super friendly and kind. came to help
us find the hotel and park. breakfast was very nice. lovely space outside to sit and enjoy the view. balcony to enjoy the view and breeze from”"\n  - name: "Fabian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The location and facility is very good. Everything was clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fantasy.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Fantasy are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with complimentary WiFi and a private bathroom, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The attention to detail extends to the room's furnishings, which include a wardrobe, a desk, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. Select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk, where a multilingual staff is ready to assist guests in Greek, English, and Italian. Whether it's providing local recommendations or assisting with stay planning, the team ensures a seamless experience for every visitor.

Located a mere 44 km from the serene Zaravina Lake and 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel Fantasy's location makes it an ideal base for exploring the region's attractions. With its blend of modern amenities, attentive service, and prime location, Hotel Fantasy stands out as a premier destination for those visiting Gjirokastër.