---\ntitle: "Hotel Divers"\ndescription: "Hotel Divers stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, merely steps away from the pristine Radhimë Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463318011.jpg?k=849c441be7e1782516bb3547834ba6a669a6a50563dd64af03d21ea646ba67e5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-divers\naddress: "Vlore - Radhime kilometri 13, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.35385584\n  lng: 19.48456211\nprice: "US$183"\npriceFrom: 183\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 451\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463318011.jpg?k=849c441be7e1782516bb3547834ba6a669a6a50563dd64af03d21ea646ba67e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232570091.jpg?k=615d1a9566706e9d50a1cac8a044c4ff28a4935ec8c2bbfdc67c1c98f35725ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196785776.jpg?k=ba7998c86ff159e6497a406e0bc1f033e18dc9fbd8bc36ba8141d9e33fe44e62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175048460.jpg?k=087a92e5edd59a7ab0874b4df700e20c206152cedcf36ff505048ce73392c742&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463319626.jpg?k=a94b98fa005afab55c7627f42285155f14efefb8be0b08e123f6433a68e92cf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232575938.jpg?k=daea6a368fc9affb0cfb603aa2bef21c5038f1647f8be0dd887366f606bc3e5d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blue Lobster Fish & More 40 m"\n  - "Tradita Labe 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 4 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 600 m"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 2 km"\n  - "Kevi Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 13 km"\n  - "Independence Square 13 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The staff. I liked the staff very much. Best receptionist, best room service, best waiter at the restaurant. I also liked the local themed breakfast. It's clean. There is parking with security on sight”"\n  - name: "Blaguna"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Odlicna lokacija,dobra plaza,ljubezen personal ,cisti sobi ,preporacuvam 🙂”"\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Good place, near the private beach. Close to the restorants and markets. Very clean and good for come with childrens. The personal are very friendly. The breakfast was delicious”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/divers-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering any of the rooms at Hotel Divers, guests are greeted with the essentials of modern comfort: air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels. Security is paramount, with each room featuring a safety deposit box. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, ensuring a stay that combines both comfort and convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience with city views and balconies, offering a glimpse into the vibrant life of Vlorë. A fridge in every unit adds an extra layer of convenience for guests.

The culinary experience at Hotel Divers is a highlight, with breakfast options that cater to diverse palates, including continental, Full English/Irish, and American choices, ensuring a delightful start to the day.

Situated a short walk from Al Breeze Beach and within easy reach of Baro Beach, the hotel's location is ideal for beach enthusiasts and explorers alike. For those traveling from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 164 km away, making Hotel Divers an accessible retreat for both local and international guests seeking a serene escape by the sea.