---\ntitle: "Hotel Partner"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Partner, a gem that stands out for its elegant and vibrant interiors, located a mere stone's throw from the heart of the town, the historic Muradie Mosque, and the tranquil sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/169433463.jpg?k=88fc048aa4b643dd6253038076d7a26aadeed80291655db6c04c682d16fa7d46&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-partner\naddress: "Pelivan Leskaj Street, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45438879\n  lng: 19.48785782\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 224\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/169433463.jpg?k=88fc048aa4b643dd6253038076d7a26aadeed80291655db6c04c682d16fa7d46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319438710.jpg?k=e01dbd9c401fd40deba4fe853b78d3d08b2c6c1fb79f2b4d090640517d26411b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374145826.jpg?k=f104805626cfe9d533f06c25b565f9e78e59887419afbac755f52c45e65c5ade&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/13414004.jpg?k=49c429761d3c47022cc66d652d04c422079d59ca33c9fba74b6ea6b1500e6b16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410196372.jpg?k=c3be77817b782130090fb1e2b95ec64aea30f48158d25eb3343256aaa0a38bde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/13414100.jpg?k=e24ba94216e36e5a29a213be94def28aaf6c4157efded2767d39a5918510e07f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Suite"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Kristal 100 m"\n  - "Delirium Pizza 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 600 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jasmina"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The room was comfortable and very spacious with a seaview. The staff is brilliant. I would give them a separate star for their great work. They do everything to make their guest's stay as pleasant as possible. Since we were there in January, there...”"\n  - name: "Lorenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very kind staff. We’ve been warmly welcomed by the manager. Rooms are clean and new.”"\n  - name: "Panagiotis"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“great location, quiet and fully equipped room, comfortable beds, very nice breakfast and great staff”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/partner.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe dining experience at Hotel Partner is nothing short of delightful. The on-site restaurant offers a buffet breakfast that caters to all tastes and serves an array of Mediterranean and international dishes à la carte. For those looking to unwind, the hotel bar provides a cozy atmosphere for relaxation. Additionally, the front desk is ready to enhance your stay by arranging shuttle services upon request.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is adjacent to a shopping center, adding a layer of convenience for guests. The renowned Uje Ftohte sandy beach is just a kilometer away, promising a day of sun-soaked leisure. Transportation is a breeze, with a local bus stop directly in front of the hotel, the ferry port a short 400-meter stroll away, and the Main Bus Station within 500 meters.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to significant landmarks. The Pavaresis Independence Museum is a mere 3-minute walk away, offering a deep dive into the local heritage, while the Kuzum Baba Fortress, located 2 km from the hotel, stands as a testament to the area's rich history. Hotel Partner is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring the vibrant culture and scenic beauty of the surroundings.