---\ntitle: "HOTEL HERSOL"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at HOTEL HERSOL, a prime destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286134.jpg?k=ba3cc7776073c477adc81a656ccac59cb3f171012efc691a6ff565ff258aa715&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-hersol\naddress: "Rruga Kasem Durresi, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.321751\n  lng: 19.448073\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286134.jpg?k=ba3cc7776073c477adc81a656ccac59cb3f171012efc691a6ff565ff258aa715&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286237.jpg?k=45416c1df76369eaa3047b1a80145443eb2968a7fc84e2bc0b2d3d700f9401c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286363.jpg?k=28f83d84dfa7bacd373d962d8497190bd844670ba8d9e413386c5f1cf0e5cc75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286221.jpg?k=4e95fd8ea240e968dd563701dcadfc96e1866e2cff06c38607db5ac1cda83640&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286317.jpg?k=40d56f28971f57113bc20cde94f3004bac960307566cc82467d3fa9637045fb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286247.jpg?k=062e0c5e4520d00e927705c5d8a289f68154c40e8f887710a385f8ff05b52c55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286310.jpg?k=a840970e20952cdcb795107a19d28d321595761b708b04c385b76e73c5722136&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286342.jpg?k=8401b0f60ee6326ccac7534c8eed6ccc5f515e03c07d7fe20385dd80fd753eec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380286201.jpg?k=6f68ed5faf2d5990a2e10ed72880ce2ee8fb3bf6a25fe93ca5b2046a51be88ce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bologna 100 m"\n  - "Baron's Bar 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 400 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 650 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Backpackerrs"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The stay has been great, the hotel and staff are lovely. The rooms are very comfortable and clean and it is located in walking distance from all the mayor sites in the city. On our last day I got sick and the staff was very helpful arranging for a...”"\n  - name: "Lucius"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Best service from receptioniste Melisa with a lot of helpful tips for exploring, renting a car and every question you could imagine and also waiter Ridi helped us a lot.”"\n  - name: "Rubenbraca"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“The room was great with a lot of natural light coming in. The staff was really friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hersol.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nHOTEL HERSOL stands out for its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering a range of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every visitor. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi and private parking, making their stay hassle-free from the moment they arrive. The hotel's attentive staff is available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk, providing room service and currency exchange services to ensure a comfortable and convenient experience.

The accommodations at HOTEL HERSOL are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the weather outside. The inclusion of a desk and free WiFi caters to the needs of business travelers, while the private balcony offers stunning city views, allowing guests to unwind in their own private oasis. The rooms also feature a flat-screen TV, bed linen, towels, and a fridge, adding a touch of home to the hotel experience.

For those looking to relax and rejuvenate, HOTEL HERSOL provides a 3-star accommodation experience complete with a hot tub. This facility is a perfect retreat for guests after a day of exploring the city or lounging on the beach.

The hotel's proximity to notable landmarks, such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, places guests at the heart of Durrës's historical narrative. Additionally, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km away, HOTEL HERSOL is an accessible choice for international travelers.

In summary, HOTEL HERSOL is a standout choice for those visiting Durrës, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and access to the city's best attractions. Whether you're in town for leisure or business, this hotel promises a memorable stay in one of Albania's most captivating cities.