---\ntitle: "Hotel Lindi"\ndescription: "Hotel Lindi emerges as a charming retreat in the vibrant coastal town of Sarandë, southern Albania, offering guests a blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339460834.jpg?k=eb7b8d36613239222c53a9cb300b756c84be3f7c1380847ccf7b52fbee2bf544&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-lindi\naddress: "lagjia nr 2 ,sheshi geraldine, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87609011\n  lng: 20.00598952\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 926\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339460834.jpg?k=eb7b8d36613239222c53a9cb300b756c84be3f7c1380847ccf7b52fbee2bf544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339461734.jpg?k=a650a501d7226a335d86b53adeacabc1b3607f0a8dc204874fe96905b5d8e2d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339444164.jpg?k=445656a1f48d8df2af9b304ee0e6ee85448a00110af722ba2913c8255ac2ef8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339461937.jpg?k=50c5638c22f1c5fbbb68d9c403e57c9bbf4a3532b4e708c0a83c64be79c852dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339444212.jpg?k=4fdfc96d0a937b7b0eccb48648cfd1607551da7abd94739be9c378de2c2b0835&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339461933.jpg?k=9cf0d94ab23279f8f879369a733514d019afb41c71735f7dce8c2ad418dad505&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 800 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ondřej"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice, clean and cozy room with a big terrace.
Super friendly manager, he helped us with everything and he took really good care of us.
Amazing breakfast and great attitude from the staff.
Good location of the hotel.
Private parking.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Hotel Lindi is a a great hotel for anyone looking to stay in Sarandë. Everywhere is spotlessly clean: bedrooms, seating areas, stairs, reception etc. The location is central, just a few metres from bars, restaurants and some Roman ruins. The...”"\n  - name: "Mallon"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owner was so friendly and helpful. The room spacious was spotless. Would definitely recommend :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lindi-sarande2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Lindi are thoughtfully designed, with each room boasting a television and an ensuite bathroom, providing a private and cozy haven for travelers. The hotel's dedication to guest services is evident through its array of amenities, including a complimentary shuttle service, ensuring easy access to local attractions and transport hubs. The 24-hour front desk, shared lounge, and on-site shops add layers of convenience, making stays both enjoyable and effortless.

For those looking to explore Sarandë at their own pace, Hotel Lindi's bike hire service offers a perfect opportunity to discover the town's hidden gems. The on-site bar presents a relaxing setting for guests to unwind after a day of adventures, making Hotel Lindi an ideal choice for travelers seeking both exploration and relaxation in Albania's picturesque coastal setting.