---\ntitle: "Hotel Tradita"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Shkodër, one of Albania's most storied cities, through a stay at Hotel Tradita, a boutique hotel that offers more than just a place to rest."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111372968.jpg?k=9377ccd633db53deaee9d8c4522298da2be3aeb5c59424148b1d1a06c000c78d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-tradita\naddress: "Street Edit Durham nr 4. , 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06264973\n  lng: 19.51544702\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1320\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111372968.jpg?k=9377ccd633db53deaee9d8c4522298da2be3aeb5c59424148b1d1a06c000c78d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111246384.jpg?k=05922196381d9665fbf3933290a58237ed1aba6881ac0494ddd6c3b23fd3e3f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111370473.jpg?k=9509e51b479fa2b4999ff7f21744465a324cf7aa7efa94339ff5f9adaf338a8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/101980749.jpg?k=fc3366caa3bd7dd443bdc15d3b887174072dc9f94b45efed73f0c900a09f11c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106387036.jpg?k=7051206449ca53f0221530a0455a0f494afbbc3baece1d848193803f66d7bead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/25855758.jpg?k=e994bf534b244c99fff47b471c486828f8494241a8e72b7900f29da4e9ed98eb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Studio"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room (4 Adults)"\n  - "Family Room (5 Adults)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dejani 30 m"\n  - "Sweet 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.5 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A lovely traditionally decorated hotel & restaurant with very friendly and accommodating staff. The rooms were spacious, very clean and beautifully decorated. We were there for New Year's Eve and they had live music, the musicians were amazing!...”"\n  - name: "Frenki992"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Our second stay in Tradita and again everything was perfect. From warm welcome and helpful staff, delicious food and clean and cozy rooms. Our first stay in Tradita was in 2020., just before Covid, and I am glad to see that in these four years...”"\n  - name: "Timothy"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Worth staying for the breakfast alone! This is one of the best breakfasts you will ever have included at a hotel. Simply amazing! And the ambience is great, too. On site restaurant is also good. The rooms are very nice with traditional decoration...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/traditageg-amp-tosk.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Cultural Experience"\nbestCategories: "Cultural Experience"\ncategory: "Cultural Experience"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Tradita is a testament to Albanian craftsmanship, adorned with traditional furniture and authentic decorations. Guests will find all the comforts of home, including a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries, alongside unique touches that speak to the country's rich history.

The culinary experience at Hotel Tradita is a highlight, offering a taste of local specialties on a terrace that's perfect for summer dining or beside a cozy fireplace in the winter. The bar comes alive with live music on several nights, adding to the vibrant atmosphere of the hotel.

For those looking to explore, Hotel Tradita is ideally situated. The hotel not only offers bike rentals but its owners are also eager to organize sightseeing tours or recommend must-see historic sites. Adventure seekers can look forward to hiking in the Albanian Alps, with the hotel ready to prepare a packed lunch for the day's excursions.

Just steps away, guests can visit a traditional carnival mask factory, adding a unique experience to their stay. The hotel is conveniently located near Rozafa Castle, Skadar Lake, and Mes Bridge, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of the region.

With on-site parking and a bus stop just 7 meters away, getting to and from Hotel Tradita is a breeze. Even Mother Theresa Airport is just an hour's drive, making this hotel a perfect gateway for exploring the wonders of Albania.