---\ntitle: "Hotel Olympia Touristic Village"\ndescription: "Hotel Olympia Touristic Village stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Radhime, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine beachfront, just 15 meters to be exact."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464458778.jpg?k=0561b1865e1cbedb94840d68d70215a74c42d4a184b2cd870bacf4eec37b8175&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-olympia-touristic-village\naddress: "Radhima beach, 9426 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.3785961\n  lng: 19.48189795\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464458778.jpg?k=0561b1865e1cbedb94840d68d70215a74c42d4a184b2cd870bacf4eec37b8175&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464458129.jpg?k=18d982465474185c86c96d1820b1840b2af3881ca50f779b8d9111f003c9f33b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372897427.jpg?k=1fe9d71fbe87405ee6f912130851522f0ce047cc73d0689ea36895ba4ec0ece1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/318596102.jpg?k=2e8969e700d247cee9e81047398f1ddcc06089933a0fc8d1aaa0b04bb3098058&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374575416.jpg?k=a32914ca73aa324d6043dffdab80636d2e7f69c76f8e60479ced23c67f58d31a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372894695.jpg?k=44da3a55bef7d0cf912b8cfd898cd96a8e2ef16a8cfe0b355146cea506b1dfd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464459074.jpg?k=c1c3abc3710ff83fa7c94ba75d4be15e222e3bc35cb9af4165674c15247bcc5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464458611.jpg?k=250ebd330a33765d68d9a174adcd7df2aeec7b19d8c5ae2484e296ced21b07ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464458510.jpg?k=2d4caee5b1ed6321871e09be48a9f5236c36dc7556820d8580246e6ee72ff018&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Soleado 50 m"\n  - "Hotel Royal 800 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 350 m"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 900 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 7 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 10 km"\n  - "Independence Square 10 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 93 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valdet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“the hotel is modern and clean. Breakfast is efficient, the staff always top up missing products. the dinner a la carta , good choice of starters and main course. it’s worth paying for half board. pool side lovely for children.”"\n  - name: "Irini"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location,the food and service was excellent.the staff was very friendly 👌.”"\n  - name: "Pritë"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“They can do a bit better maintaining the rooms but we had a heat time nonetheless. The beach is amazing! I’d suggest you tip the workers. Some of them work crazy long hours.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olympia-touristic-village.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room in the Hotel Olympia Touristic Village is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private balcony for those serene moments overlooking the sea. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with complimentary toiletries and a bidet, adding a touch of luxury to the everyday routine. The promise of a sea view from every room elevates the experience, allowing guests to wake up to the tranquil beauty of Radhime's shores.

The hotel doesn't just stop at comfortable lodging. It extends its hospitality to include a 24-hour front desk, ensuring assistance is always at hand, and a shared terrace that invites guests to relax and mingle. For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's confines, a shuttle service is available, albeit at an additional cost, making local attractions easily accessible.

Speaking of attractions, Hotel Olympia Touristic Village serves as an ideal base for exploring the region's landmarks. It's conveniently located within a short drive from the Kuzum Babai viewpoint, Independence Square, and the historic town of Vlora, each offering a unique glimpse into the area's rich culture and history. Vlora Castle, another must-visit site, is also within easy reach.

For guests arriving by bus or ferry, the hotel is conveniently situated 12 km from both the Bus Station and Ferry Port, making it a hassle-free choice for travelers. Even those flying into Tirana Airport will find the 160 km journey to the hotel a small price to pay for the tranquility that awaits.

Hotel Olympia Touristic Village not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the enchanting sights and sounds of Radhime and its surroundings.