---\ntitle: "Hotel Villa Pascucci"\ndescription: "Hotel Villa Pascucci stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and comfort in Durrës, located just a short stroll from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358287111.jpg?k=e616a9e0a647a13fb4192ba9ba327457d9ca9e0f285a5ea0ab714db9f266414d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-pascucci\naddress: "Lagjia Shkallnur, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29436188\n  lng: 19.51231132\nprice: "US$124"\npriceFrom: 124\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 872\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 7.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358287111.jpg?k=e616a9e0a647a13fb4192ba9ba327457d9ca9e0f285a5ea0ab714db9f266414d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405384477.jpg?k=82f2b1583318cbd1905cf67b5baf6cd01a2dc129f711b9075b7d9a8b7751d8fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405381834.jpg?k=ced70fdca6637186d7f3ce804e2c3c400e2c95430e432cec8625f9765b1a1ccd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379352048.jpg?k=df7414c761b269ad85ae19f964734cd5c1e08143d81aba5a93a3f7ca93e6eba7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379352072.jpg?k=77ab7f6bb7e2232979d2828461d967495996852cc874e91fbba00b73d3840a33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/252431676.jpg?k=4f6b1e359c2984f33f2015d58697a19918bba056b9af52f21b757b30b4c45044&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Small Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Spa Bath"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Midway Cafe 100 m"\n  - "Am-PM 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 700 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Osasere"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“All the staff were really nice, especially Sabrina the night shift receptionist that worked with my Fiance to give me a surprise spa experience on my birthday and the Older morning shift waiter that always gave us exceptional service during our...”"\n  - name: "Hay"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“All! really worth 5 stars. everything was great. room, restaurant with top chefs, the receptionists in particular great! the service, especially the older waiter at the top breakfast, moved like a butler and was very attentive. The building is...”"\n  - name: "Dominic"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything about this hotel is pleasing from the first impression when you arrive outside it, to the staff, in particularly each and every member of the staff, they are all so committed to making your stay as comfortable and relaxing as possible....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-pascucci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nAt Hotel Villa Pascucci, guests are treated to an array of top-notch amenities, including a restaurant that serves up delectable cuisine, a sun-drenched terrace perfect for unwinding, and wellness facilities that include a sauna and a hot tub. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange services.

Accommodations at this esteemed hotel are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with modern conveniences such as a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and a safety deposit box. Entertainment and connectivity are ensured with a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi, while the private bathrooms come complete with a bidet for added comfort. Select rooms also boast the luxury of a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax. Storage needs are effortlessly met with the inclusion of a wardrobe in every guest room.

For those looking to enhance their stay, Hotel Villa Pascucci presents an in-house spa and wellness center, complete with a hammam for a truly rejuvenating experience. Active guests will appreciate the availability of table tennis and tennis facilities, and for those wishing to explore the area, car hire services are readily available.

Situated conveniently close to Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and within easy reach of Skanderbeg Square, the hotel's location ensures that guests are never far from the beauty and attractions of the region. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 34 km away, making Hotel Villa Pascucci an accessible haven of luxury for both local and international travelers.