---\ntitle: "Hotel&Restaurant Aroma"\ndescription: "Hotel&Restaurant Aroma emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Përmet, offering guests a blend of leisure and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365990089.jpg?k=2f767721586da4230f2edd1420feff629657ef464a118f80ff3076a9bd70e27a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-restaurant-aroma\naddress: "Permet - Kelcyre km3, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.249179\n  lng: 20.336136\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 381\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365990089.jpg?k=2f767721586da4230f2edd1420feff629657ef464a118f80ff3076a9bd70e27a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494882225.jpg?k=b97a872eb81e91deec532e2a5afd285613778358fef0d1c151f41e9b0cacaee1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494883129.jpg?k=d00b383b475319651f366481e4150a7ee43c97cbd17855c3d778aa5c1cb65e7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365994179.jpg?k=0d8834c12d39527031d3f52aaafe4d6c747c8a81759dc4087dbedf1ce6e02572&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494882696.jpg?k=82c99ff5999b87a6991d7f822cad27185d011900609f632b64af43001a6ad178&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365989772.jpg?k=c4f990210660d78becf2c6602d8c038e59d11c4b7208a75b1199b3005736cf89&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Small Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Pool View"\n  - "Twin Room with Shower"\n  - "Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Family Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Aroma 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Parku 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 80 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Excellent place!! Great experience, really RECOMMEND!!!”"\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“I stayed in Aroma hotel for a few days and had an amazing experience. The staff was very friendly and caring, always ready to help and answer our questions. The room was clean and comfortable, with an amazing view from window. We really liked the...”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Outside town and very relaxing for me after rafting on the river.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aroma-permet12345.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel&Restaurant Aroma are thoughtfully appointed, ensuring a comfortable stay. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen TV, free WiFi, and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries. The convenience of free private parking and the availability of a shuttle service underscore the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction, facilitating exploration of the picturesque surroundings.

The hotel's on-site restaurant is a culinary delight, promising an immersive dining experience with a variety of dishes. For families, the children's playground is a welcome feature, offering entertainment for younger guests.

Those with a penchant for outdoor activities will find Hotel&Restaurant Aroma ideally situated. The area around Përmet is ripe for exploration, with fishing being a popular pastime among guests. For those arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is located 92 km away, making the hotel accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Hotel&Restaurant Aroma stands out as a comprehensive choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to engage with the natural beauty of Përmet.