---\ntitle: "HOTEL VILA 15 - CENTER"\ndescription: "HOTEL VILA 15 - CENTER emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103728430.jpg?k=35c8001190ff9eea376490bd9e2b7097673ee8cba7c6bff026704e9193e34ab7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-15-center\naddress: "Bulevardi Zhan D'Ark, 15/1 Ura e Tabakëve (Ish Dega Ushtarake) - Pranë Poliklinikës Nr.1 dhe Gjykatës së Apelit, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32673011\n  lng: 19.82658909\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 675\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103728430.jpg?k=35c8001190ff9eea376490bd9e2b7097673ee8cba7c6bff026704e9193e34ab7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513378603.jpg?k=b9f147d818843afa570ad1fc0fc91904a068d94fb892605ec2360cf9f0079fb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513378541.jpg?k=39461f10753053b021e22efbe31d609a8643274a3b8da893cd3023d9bcd886dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511505502.jpg?k=67f0efcd41ea5086f753c948b8e76050fe5ac3fc1e9b0bdcd514c54170ba83ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511505381.jpg?k=68c8eb399e0ed45c5416540e90dba84a436bb5110e6a3bcf55bcf9bc1e0a5f3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511505296.jpg?k=c9a9b652fb9b8b3f3653ecceb06f6e0f43ce6925a5e70fc455910ee807fc3fe1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Vasili-2 Tiranë 30 m"\n  - "Vila Frasheri 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We booked the whole venue as a team of 8 for a company offsite and the staff went miles above and beyond to accommodate all our needs! That + a fantastic Albanian breakfast - with pancakes every day <3 the villas had a lovely garden, bar and a...”"\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We came as a group of 8-9 and booked the entire property for a week for a company offsite. Even though the management and the staff of the hotel didn't have to - they went waaay above and beyond to accommodate all our needs. They provided us with...”"\n  - name: "Zane"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Delicious homemade breakfast, prepared right next to you. Very kind and helpful staff. Answered any questions I had, done a step more than asked in helping to solve questions. Very beautiful house.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooms-in-rruga-bush.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at HOTEL VILA 15 - CENTER are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts essential amenities such as a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a restful stay. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries, while select rooms also feature balconies for guests to enjoy the surrounding views. Practical conveniences like desks and kettles in every room add to the hotel's appeal for both leisure and business travelers.

Guests can start their day on a high note with a choice of buffet, continental, or American breakfast options served daily. The hotel's proximity to popular landmarks, including Tanners' Bridge, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre, makes it an ideal base for exploring the city's rich cultural tapestry.

For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 16 km away, with the hotel offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and attentive services such as a concierge, tour desk, and currency exchange, HOTEL VILA 15 - CENTER stands as a testament to Tirana's hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.