---\ntitle: "Hotel Krial"\ndescription: "Hotel Krial emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Berat, offering guests a blend of modern amenities and tranquil garden spaces."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519203437.jpg?k=b0fdab7d947620786ea9edb4d6f3760897033a6e1ded8ee4999b0609c64c46e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-krial\naddress: "Rruga Santa Lucia, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.69489825\n  lng: 19.96121987\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519203437.jpg?k=b0fdab7d947620786ea9edb4d6f3760897033a6e1ded8ee4999b0609c64c46e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520330719.jpg?k=df6e29b7f4b5eb1cba2a05375c9c01fee65624f8d775403c7f611e3f221c0f88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519225721.jpg?k=d818c18ba3c6d48a6b50ecb0acc0fa83e2c68905b1f371a5352138163ed05f1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521739148.jpg?k=241a3d0af16cc40c71cb590d84cefb9cf98b1cb8c8c48736928a0b2b8d4fd067&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521737241.jpg?k=ec393b82a991802e5b79fedcd0976dba66db298c891b514bd7f77c74eb47229f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520345435.jpg?k=f1a3d0fc5c4f4b39fd9e47bcb398ea6cfcce679181df60be9ef2a1f78f5a041e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mexican Food Shpetimi 150 m"\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 81 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Inna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice hotel with a great location. Highly recommend to everyone.”"\n  - name: "Hana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Our stay at this hotel was truly amazing! The service was excellent, the rooms were incredibly comfortable, and the breakfast was absolutely delicious. Plus, the balcony had a stunning view of Berat Castle. Highly recommended for anyone seeking a...”"\n  - name: "Mekshi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I had an amazing time staying at the Hotel Krial in Berat recently. My hopes were surpassed by this recently opened hotel, which is only a short stroll from the city centre. The personnel at Hotel Krial is exceptionally polite and hospitable. From...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/krial.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Krial are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort and convenience in mind. Each room serves as a private retreat, featuring a work desk for those needing to stay productive on the go. The essence of comfort is captured in the private bathrooms, which are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in every room ensures that guests can relax in a comfortable environment, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony. To further enhance the guest experience, each room is equipped with quality bed linen and towels.

The hotel staff, proficient in both English and Italian, stands ready to offer personalized recommendations and practical advice about the local area, ensuring guests can fully explore Berat's rich cultural landscape.

Hotel Krial distinguishes itself not just as a place to stay, but as a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and beauty of Berat, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.