---\ntitle: "Hotel Britania"\ndescription: "Hotel Britania emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89205795.jpg?k=20aa277dc35287f0da08c62baeeccd030330701bcf8a78f04ad748625e3006e1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-britania\naddress: "Bulevardi Blu Bulevardi blu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.39372074\n  lng: 19.7547698\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 502\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89205795.jpg?k=20aa277dc35287f0da08c62baeeccd030330701bcf8a78f04ad748625e3006e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/91754689.jpg?k=21f6ba695e228f2c3ef19d58cfab53a33151b49ef3ef1f8958b6f04a2c4ec111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/89205459.jpg?k=f4a2f098632a6576edbe6e9b3a4424bf131ae5cfe34960c7d22d11cdf948a925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155112387.jpg?k=a8ead69d32fecfd68f483fbda8105cf058adec2d81be42238b77f9f135d1bcda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155112339.jpg?k=94c92171c4bbb1d1f65656852929321085f7476d31498d021d90be8242dbe261&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116819644.jpg?k=d45015b466000818f725b3244a6157f60269a783b67081da2fd562000a8bf4ff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Spa Bath"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 10 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 10 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 10 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Selmani 450 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Baçi 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 8 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 2.4 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 86 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Our second stay at Hotel Britania: clean rooms, friendly and helpful staff, good breakfast. Very close to the airport for a reasonable price.”"\n  - name: "Saban"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The room was clean and spacious. It is near the airport, but far from the city center. The hotel is beautifully designed.”"\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We stayed only one night to rest from the flight - on the next we traveled to Berat.
Check in was very fast, it has an elevator to reach your room floor, room has a lot of space, bathroom is big as well. Breakfast is served on your table, does not...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/britania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Airport Proximity"\ncategory: "Airport Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a realm of tranquility, thanks to the hotel's serene garden, ample free private parking, a cozy shared lounge, and an inviting bar. The essence of hospitality is felt through the personalized services provided, including room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange facilities, ensuring a hassle-free experience for every guest.

The accommodations at Hotel Britania are designed with the guest's comfort and needs in mind. Each room is a haven of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning, a comfortable seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those moments of unwinding. The safety deposit box adds an extra layer of security, while the private bathroom, complete with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensures a refreshing start and end to each day. The inclusion of a desk in all units caters to the needs of business travelers or those who wish to pen down their adventures.

For those who revel in the sun, the hotel's sun terrace offers a perfect spot to bask in the warmth and enjoy leisurely moments. While the Rock of Kavaje and the House of Leaves lie a bit further afield, they present excellent opportunities for day trips to explore more of what the region has to offer.

Proximity to the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 3 km away, positions Hotel Britania as an ideal choice for both international visitors and those on short stays, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Hotel Britania is not just a place to stay; it's a launchpad for discovering the enchantments of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of thoughtful amenities and services designed to make every stay memorable.