---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Alfa"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Alfa emerges as a serene retreat in Korçë, situated a mere 43 km from the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102595561.jpg?k=bddcd72554acfc9f8533f8db41ff8aef02ae8a20c8f39a738a7c8b2e7392b841&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-alfa\naddress: "Pedonale korce Albania, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61743771\n  lng: 20.77840135\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102595561.jpg?k=bddcd72554acfc9f8533f8db41ff8aef02ae8a20c8f39a738a7c8b2e7392b841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102593761.jpg?k=1566e62ad1b75db2ec7c454256a3d800b7f45a3e0e4ecfec41a0acc3948048b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102592048.jpg?k=e0b17b0f1cdc05b903ccc75574c7b91a3fdbe3c6e5ce77a239c524904fddb788&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102598139.jpg?k=4e3ad59b1623979c43f20e35180407ab88f427a97699980bd8221e8d4b9b32e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102597836.jpg?k=78a2dee24938a70af51b88f0e20d003443a33a174299c984d12f912ef18d2b6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102594262.jpg?k=d9d78de761746e3e6b228369e6880fdaf006f2eebe80fc65218a36b5c785f1a9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Suite"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prince Coffee Shop 0 m"\n  - "Krimea 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 250 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 350 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Μαρντελα"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Value of money! Perfect location, you can visit everything by walking.
The decor is cozy and beautiful, and everything was very clean. The receptionist or owner, is a very kind and helpful person. Breakfast was great, option of coffee would be great!”"\n  - name: "Bronson"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location as good as it gets. Great rooms. Very clean.”"\n  - name: "Pamela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Perfect location, very clean and cozy room, exceptional breakfast, helpful staff, speedy wifi, great value for money. You can park your car to one of the backstreets next to the hotel. Everything just perfect. I cannot wait to come back again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-alfa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Vila Alfa are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for guests' entertainment. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, enhancing the comfort of the stay. For those seeking a touch of luxury, select rooms boast balconies, offering a private space to unwind. Comfort is further emphasized with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

Guests at Hotel Vila Alfa have the exclusive opportunity to relax in the hot tub, adding an extra layer of relaxation to their stay. The hotel's commitment to exceptional service is evident through its multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, ensuring round-the-clock assistance and a welcoming environment for international visitors.

Located conveniently, the hotel is a stone's throw away from the historic Monastery Saint Naum, 43 km away, making it an ideal base for exploring the cultural heritage of the region. For those traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is within a manageable distance of 71 km, facilitating ease of travel to and from Hotel Vila Alfa.

Hotel Vila Alfa stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Korçë.