---\ntitle: "Hotel Take"\ndescription: "Hotel Take emerges as a premier beachfront destination in Borsh, offering guests an exceptional stay mere steps from the pristine Borsh Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809314.jpg?k=c4fc10c00684083cc32b68b1610e7a237831c1ef41ea020084e67d3b4d459081&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-take\naddress: "Rruga Plazhit, 8888 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.03571151\n  lng: 19.86554074\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 7.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809314.jpg?k=c4fc10c00684083cc32b68b1610e7a237831c1ef41ea020084e67d3b4d459081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809210.jpg?k=5a6a57399e0288f37a2e0414ab798022dc9b39e43be1304c322312fa414d0515&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809352.jpg?k=230db5c8a242f5c0a45b98b9b3f9c1e64ed167b22a0e354fa1764ee57cf1f3b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809294.jpg?k=74801c05d30d85226204e1397f845526c544979194491ff250ad3efd8821aeb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809308.jpg?k=1c018ab63898b778766a6c92b0f8c98b17bbb83754fe193cf2080e68204afeb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809268.jpg?k=41283e421c81aa033e8c614a4be0139ac96ecde71266a5f808dfd56c0b77fe0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809234.jpg?k=e48f8fd43587d17b4ecc5c5a75dc6e4144833783fa19ac1af2526b6ad756bd9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809381.jpg?k=a14cabd5660b712b7e806edf9121b3770f1b7ff491e2a8ceede72f2f97f3e787&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309809188.jpg?k=2bfe2e89ddfa4aa1e7c7db65f1d86a120fbdc2b91e2fcb6c3e2fa08bd7b48573&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Olsi 40 m"\n  - "Fiesta Borsh 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 0 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 47 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lenka"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Hotel byl čistý, nově zařízený, vše plně funkční. Prostorný pokoj, klima, ručníky, mýdlo, terasa s výhledem na moře, na terase stůl, židle, sušák. V první linii u moře, lehátka v ceně. Pláž oblázková. Snídaně dle menu, objednáte, přinesou vám....”"\n  - name: "Marenglen"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Room was clean. Decor was perfect. Everything was new.”"\n  - name: "Dhimiter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This place is a family business and it's a very good place for family to relax and to enjoy vacation. The food and the service was almost perfect and very good normal price .Even the employee and the owner were welcomed nic3 and helpful for evry...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/take.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Hotel Take are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, providing a perfect blend of convenience and luxury. Safety is prioritized with the inclusion of a deposit box, and the private bathrooms come complete with a bidet, adding an extra touch of privacy and comfort. For those needing to stay connected or work remotely, the availability of a desk in every room is a thoughtful addition.

Guests can start their day on a high note with a continental breakfast served each morning, offering a variety of options to cater to different tastes and preferences. 

For travelers concerned about accessibility, Hotel Take is located 124 km from Ioannina Airport, with a shuttle service available to ensure seamless transfers. The 24-hour front desk, room service, and complimentary WiFi throughout the property further attest to Hotel Take's commitment to providing a hassle-free and connected stay.

Hotel Take stands as a testament to the perfect blend of relaxation, convenience, and adventure, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a memorable beachfront escape in Borsh.