---\ntitle: "Hotel Saly"\ndescription: "Hotel Saly stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës, mere steps away from the inviting sands of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484554908.jpg?k=2c7999f94162d7631c58951a70effa9c0694877d1c887cc8b3ffa3ee4be772a2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-saly\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31168318\n  lng: 19.4801234\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 159\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484554908.jpg?k=2c7999f94162d7631c58951a70effa9c0694877d1c887cc8b3ffa3ee4be772a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484009501.jpg?k=26f05e01115d2fa17b0001c9bcaa9f0aaf4f135fb52f9d7495c26567789fc82c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484556120.jpg?k=c20d5b7ca3bc78f672d2b261b955088df15930bba9e16dbb958fd6d59de2e0f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483509075.jpg?k=8caee19a37b712e077bba97106f13ace5f49dd58833d312353b013b3b8d509a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492915673.jpg?k=a0c7e34ed1b2fcbd9120692946e03e54aa8c827db0ec438356694e32c4d60df5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501140489.jpg?k=99b06ab786d2651ad9b69195fc12bad9918b39e2bd8a5a6504e5ad740b8b67ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Venera 50 m"\n  - "Restorant de Lux 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 0 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“We spent in this hotel just one night but all was perfect. Friendly staff, hotel after reconstruction, everything was great”"\n  - name: "Graziella"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. Nice sea view from the balcony Breakfast was good and served in the room due to bad weather.
The staff was friendly
Location is on the seaside and just a short drive from the centre”"\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff who were very welcoming, had an amazing time there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saly.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, Hotel Saly is a mere 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the local culture. Additionally, the thrill of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits just 42 km away, offering an adventure not to be missed.

Guests are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Select rooms elevate the experience further, featuring fully equipped kitchens complete with a fridge, dishwasher, and oven, catering to those who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals.

Beyond the comfort of its rooms, Hotel Saly extends its hospitality to meet the needs of both leisure and business travelers. An ironing service ensures guests always look their best, while business facilities, including fax and photocopying services, are readily available for those on the go.

For those eager to explore the surroundings, the Rock of Kavaje is a short 7.1 km journey away, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty of the area. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 38 km from the hotel.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 32 km away, making Hotel Saly an accessible retreat for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Hotel Saly emerges as a distinguished choice for those seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and a touch of adventure during their stay in Durrës.