---\ntitle: "Hotel Shpija e Gjyshit"\ndescription: "Hotel Shpija e Gjyshit stands out as a serene oasis in Shkodër, located a mere 44 km from the bustling Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79960488.jpg?k=43c88ec7e6e8307876e771fe4b053c83b9df53a8301c178f39d406ff7723573e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-shpija-e-gjyshit\naddress: "Zues Shkoder Zues Shkoder, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.03942611\n  lng: 19.48124232\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 608\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79960488.jpg?k=43c88ec7e6e8307876e771fe4b053c83b9df53a8301c178f39d406ff7723573e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478632348.jpg?k=544c0c76ff3af47654726fd6865d63eff17363cb50ecbc239b35ee7db0d375b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241459108.jpg?k=6c53a1ca76eb5e4a5046f645c926dacf723747e07360e9c4093f6b624ba9d958&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241461156.jpg?k=24f26dbb40b5bfa7af704a8cd5c3ea936a14da7bc2e05c627e3ef24d0ea522ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478632947.jpg?k=952febc4b704b37f8d38c8d51efa778a0ba4296edfb8f07d5b69923d2cf46475&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241461084.jpg?k=252b8cf245ce0033e3c1ad57c933c1d05611ddf10cf6273cc9bab46f3ea9122f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Illyria 40 m"\n  - "Prince of Lake 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 1.3 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sula"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good… the pool was hot the only thing i was there it was the pool….”"\n  - name: "Erjon"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! A hidden gem that for sure we will go back”"\n  - name: "Marva"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It looks much better than the pictures,Wonderful location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shpija-e-gjyshit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail in the accommodations at Hotel Shpija e Gjyshit is noteworthy. Each room is furnished with a wardrobe, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, catering to the needs of modern travelers seeking a blend of home comforts and luxury.

For those looking to unwind, the hotel offers an indoor pool and a sauna, perfect for relaxation after a day of exploring. The garden views add an extra layer of tranquility to the stay, inviting guests to connect with nature.

Located 62 km from Podgorica Airport, Hotel Shpija e Gjyshit also provides a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making travel arrangements seamless for guests. This hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers in search of a comfortable, well-appointed base in Shkodër, offering a blend of leisure and convenience that is hard to match.