---\ntitle: "Hotel Nais"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Nais, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140556311.jpg?k=317fc48932ef297b8455a70ab1fda9a94c724aff77bd0a66d6e7760d39c0e3b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-nais\naddress: "Lagja 1, Bulevardi Epidamni, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31075236\n  lng: 19.44666713\nprice: "US$74"\npriceFrom: 74\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 213\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140556311.jpg?k=317fc48932ef297b8455a70ab1fda9a94c724aff77bd0a66d6e7760d39c0e3b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140576446.jpg?k=cdc80f458f0ed475aa1f0f03b1c0ca41e21357b5d20b4d76ce4ed0c23739339e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/26140835.jpg?k=6ca43330ff12b643600ea0012b3fa941171657f6a6b37092748b33916c3f73fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286272080.jpg?k=412d8bdb006a5ee630de49fd7a6ea52db19258949604557bcb7876c0c82e1dcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71976220.jpg?k=efcc14b86b65a3ce01371f37fa012156f56f9a6b2f9b8faa2143ea58950e5091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140577318.jpg?k=9ca387eb2d62ba92ff7b48b22acd4f0fe80d5b668cfcf95e029b336775e45c76&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Los Locos Pizzeria 20 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Behari 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 250 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 200 m"\n  - "1. Maj 350 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 800 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jason"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Wonderful hotel. Really comfortable, great staff and a fantastic breakfast.
The hotel
Is in a great spot and is so nice to stay at. Highly recommend”"\n  - name: "Tariq"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Excellent service and welcome by the hotel staff, the location of the hotel is special, and the breakfast is very excellent and varied. If I visit the city again, it will be my destination.”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“À fabulous family-run hotel in the very center of the old town, just a few footsteps away from the seafront. Charming welcome, the hotel staff was very helpful, the room nice and clean, parking just in front of the hotel, exceptional breakfast…...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nais.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that boast not only comfort but also modern amenities. Each room is outfitted with a flat-screen TV featuring a variety of cable channels, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury to your stay. For added convenience, a small fridge is available in all rooms, perfect for storing snacks and beverages.

Mornings at Hotel Nais start on a high note with a delightful breakfast served in the hotel’s restaurant. This meal promises to energize guests for the day ahead, whether it's spent lounging on the nearby beach or exploring the city's vibrant streets. For those requiring additional services, the hotel thoughtfully offers laundry and ironing upon request.

The hotel's location is unbeatable for those eager to dive into the local scene. A plethora of restaurants, bars, cafes, and shops are just a few steps from the hotel, offering a taste of Durres's lively atmosphere. For adventurers looking to venture further, the stunning beaches of Kallm and Poitezi are just a 10-minute drive away, while the historical city of Kiuja awaits 40 minutes by car. Moreover, with Tirana Airport only 33 km away, Hotel Nais serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

Hotel Nais stands out as a welcoming haven for guests who value both the cultural riches and natural beauty of Durrës. Its strategic location, coupled with thoughtful amenities, ensures a memorable stay for all who visit.