---\ntitle: "Hotel Aglon"\ndescription: "Hotel Aglon stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365255268.jpg?k=66924bcb8b8bdbba7024dc38cd315f8ed1774bac7daf7a0617224204dc2cf71e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-aglon\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 8401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4351616\n  lng: 19.49586209\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365255268.jpg?k=66924bcb8b8bdbba7024dc38cd315f8ed1774bac7daf7a0617224204dc2cf71e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202187528.jpg?k=ebbb4f7fe464b7ea905b3383b070c5a11a4a443199fedb2877eda053b2b7f863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317929996.jpg?k=6fb63c1e252a5d043d2c6f36a13f5703ac1eeed6de9be766f4f65b6b20c2fd9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317928662.jpg?k=7ffda7c8c4bc7a956b4d0cf21d0461e318b946dc1f98e319b1bba13abf706dc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365255621.jpg?k=e5903b2629c9d4db6bb49c6d13dc6af338e2e9a080abd9b7a57604c695532aaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365935471.jpg?k=1565011c1e702f8613ce2f0350dcb950df867c1c39864315b7b92279eca4f33e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365935241.jpg?k=2b239f8320bfffa688be82d310a7a7c10ebc56ff298bbcf20e8fc973889433b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365934975.jpg?k=33f4b3399ca7b69ff3955df97f2c71f4368c73426305ddf530324437cacf2ada&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365934471.jpg?k=fbc17e08a5d0b739b8d163c4608b41266891c6bf8f37feb9c33da8e921d7ca37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ohana 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Picaresco 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 100 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 850 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1.8 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 150 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marelsa"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The best hotel I have ever been!
Beautiful clean rooms,professional staff,excellent service and fantastic view!A lovely place to visit for holidays.I would definitely recommend it to everyone.”"\n  - name: "Alina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Absolutely loved our stay at the hotel near the sea! The hotel and the room was very clean , staff's hospitality exceeded our expectations, making our beachside retreat truly memorable. Can't wait to come back!\"”"\n  - name: "Dorijan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Its always a pleasure and relaxing for me to stay at Hotel Aglon. If I need a break I will choose to stay there it offers everything. A special view a seaside front,delicious food, amazing staff friendly and helpful all the time.You will have all...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aglon.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Hotel Aglon is a testament to comfort and convenience, equipped with free WiFi and a private bathroom designed to meet the needs of modern travelers. For those who value productivity, rooms are furnished with a desk, while entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV. Select accommodations offer the added luxury of a sea view, allowing guests to wake up to the breathtaking beauty of Vlorë's coastline. A minibar in every room ensures refreshments are always within reach.

The hotel's strategic location places guests less than 1 km from the vibrant Vlore Beach and a mere 2 km from the exclusive Beach at Government Villas, making it an ideal base for exploring the area's coastal attractions. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km away, making Hotel Aglon an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a tranquil retreat by the sea.