---\ntitle: "Hotel Piccolino"\ndescription: "Hotel Piccolino stands as a charming 3-star beachfront gem in Sarandë, offering guests the rare opportunity to wake up to the serene views of the sea right from their doorstep."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203434.jpg?k=59077e31ae50ebdd5ee2684ecb922d7e2e7a654f27261ef6b53d65fc99554c55&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-piccolino\naddress: "Rruga: Mitat Hoxha,87, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86861927\n  lng: 19.99940336\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 972\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203434.jpg?k=59077e31ae50ebdd5ee2684ecb922d7e2e7a654f27261ef6b53d65fc99554c55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203437.jpg?k=e0c5f427cf57aaf2d7f5057292b0cf27a0c341fe0b7be756ea1831acec785a48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203439.jpg?k=82a2356857b49b308dc0fc79f81758ebbdbd7809fff2cf06ac7794a1991e349e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203432.jpg?k=234608ff673a7c4dc9432b4f49a46c9768de08cac122d9ecfd71ab0ccde6c6ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467203435.jpg?k=c3900770c10f781ce9a1008eb9d2d85e4afd68195e950c0a0d20db30f5a77db6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51659153.jpg?k=f2e056d8e1640c094712a7dc6741c5fa0541284dc1e98bd4bab71fde8c22493f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Liku, Pllakat Beach 20 m"\n  - "Ramo Saranda 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 20 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Susan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Excellent and friendly staff. They made us feel so welcome!
Rooms are super clean and so modern. All so very nice!
Wonderful, easy to find location with a fantastic view! Breakfast is very good and plentiful!
We came for one night and will...”"\n  - name: "Sivahaamy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This hotel is run by a cute family. They were very kind, warm and treated us well! The breakfast was good and they even gave us extras when we had requested without any hesitation. Fantastic view from the rooms on the beach side and is totally...”"\n  - name: "Rohan"\n    country: "Singapore"\n    text: "“Amazing hotel staff who welcomed us to the property. Location was great and parking was easy to access. Sea views were great and WiFi was fast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/picolino.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDining at Hotel Piccolino is an experience in itself, with a restaurant on-site that serves a variety of continental or buffet breakfast options every morning, ensuring a delightful start to the day. The property also features a terrace, providing an ideal setting for guests to relax and soak in the picturesque surroundings.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, and Spanish, ready to assist guests at the reception with any queries or needs they might have during their stay.

For those looking to explore, the hotel's prime location offers easy access to Sarandë Port, merely 40 meters away, making it a convenient base for day trips or further travel. Additionally, the UNESCO-protected Butrint National Park, a site of significant historical and natural beauty, is within a reachable distance of 31 km, offering guests an opportunity to experience the rich heritage of the area.

Hotel Piccolino emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a comfortable and convenient stay in Sarandë, with its prime location, excellent amenities, and attentive service creating an unforgettable experience by the sea.