---\ntitle: "HOTEL Apartments ARDO"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of HOTEL Apartments ARDO, a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71798728.jpg?k=ad8dd077d05038e463e8d700c20ce3a7e1200d5d601e4712e96ef894b7abcde0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-apartments-ardo\naddress: "Mali i Robit Golem Kavaje, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23243672\n  lng: 19.52076986\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71798728.jpg?k=ad8dd077d05038e463e8d700c20ce3a7e1200d5d601e4712e96ef894b7abcde0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366942834.jpg?k=1e72edefdf39ea11b6687aef00e5939a19fe74596b1f50bbba50b5f745a5c08b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374491021.jpg?k=d19a82a086915721bf754fd82570b4dc14736ae928bab5f7f426eab32757522f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449848550.jpg?k=5627105fc0cb8d6442d419f2c25fad6c3b3941543725b9970b64a592f41bfdcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367308262.jpg?k=ae8de67293d5dae8e70eadb70dae6952e35b9779236a9ea8f7a8c2c41e2e611c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449848674.jpg?k=7110031c6e707ed559d117b33deb022759200200eea963d752b56a76623348bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450569245.jpg?k=5b4c03151901ebe5442bf758360845de37ed398d2e12115c5631682fed9b021a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380107440.jpg?k=65687039beb8d0739c2007ef134c0659c99c2dd87c459ba673b38017be64f31e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370552573.jpg?k=ae753e4546733927f23080cbd7a5236b5636f6bd67fc27567146e0051d1065f6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 300 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 500 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 700 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Edon"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Perfect place to stay with family and friends . I enjoy it”"\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Situated in a nice place close to everything, the staff were very friendly and helpful and even gave us a bottle of wine when we left”"\n  - name: "Vahidin"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Check in was smooth, helpful young man at the reception is fluent in English and he gave us all the information. Apartment is spacious, well equipped, with two AC unit, very comfortable beds. Apartment is 5-10 minutes away from beach by foot....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kompleksi-ardo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at HOTEL Apartments ARDO is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning to ensure a pleasant environment regardless of the weather outside. Guests can expect to find a television for their entertainment needs, alongside a bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries and outfitted with either a bath or shower, catering to different preferences.

For those who enjoy the flexibility of preparing their own meals, the apartments come fully furnished with a kitchen, including a fridge, stove, and all necessary kitchenware. Adding to the convenience is an on-site restaurant, offering delicious options for those times when guests prefer to dine out.

Accessibility is a breeze with a lift servicing all floors, making it easy for everyone to access their apartments. Moreover, the proximity to key landmarks such as Durres Port and Durres Amphitheatre, located 10 km and 11 km away respectively, makes HOTEL Apartments ARDO an ideal base for exploring the historical and cultural riches of the area.

With the added benefit of complimentary on-site parking, guests arriving by car can enjoy peace of mind knowing their vehicle is securely accommodated. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the comfort and convenience of the apartments themselves, HOTEL Apartments ARDO promises a stay that combines the best of both worlds.