---\ntitle: "Hotel Alion"\ndescription: "Hotel Alion emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308299857.jpg?k=d10bbd7892ad5c9018ae1e0a7363cc5d46d01467f4f0fee5553217178f216afe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-alion\naddress: "Rruga Agaveve 36, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30722\n  lng: 19.4883\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 491\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308299857.jpg?k=d10bbd7892ad5c9018ae1e0a7363cc5d46d01467f4f0fee5553217178f216afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308300167.jpg?k=82698cc4da703f28fb3e0916070312075e417e9d66c6fd723839880ea21f9f36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339206446.jpg?k=93abfd53b62ba8b897af508358af14865fe6d3688f653a5f86ac6071bc1826cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308299849.jpg?k=f0daf7f2780de7ce8736e8a6dab31501ac5e678ab5440a8aac3a4b5112db6dbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308299922.jpg?k=c3b98763463cacd1764227ac1783dd74dd773a329bda9a112933258c55030108&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308300042.jpg?k=51d058a409abdcf1b8435abb144f5fefb3f61b44c8069a844e6ffbdea133e397&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308299895.jpg?k=9ac6ee2615bb03e57528002174981c0a470eb57d6bcfacdf9b57a1ef70e5236f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209246159.jpg?k=8cfa814b4b71a2c1751a2075df8126117e4159afeeb236b1753543e3a8176faf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211025706.jpg?k=d0c8b19e67a287e280022e8a7a1c56ddd37c9cec87aa1cc66d1a52c37d83b2e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with French Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Sea View and French Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with French Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with Jacuzzi and Side Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Jacuzzi and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View and French Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room No Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room No Balcony (3SNG)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Resto-Cafe Hemingway 30 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Heba 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Osayimwense"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“It was at the sea front, had unlimited access to the beach and the sun bed was included in the booking. Staff were very friendly and helpful, and the cleaning staff always kept the place clean.
There were lots of restaurants around the hotel to eat.”"\n  - name: "Hermann"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“I had an incredible stay at this hotel with a seafront view! The breathtaking vistas of the ocean from my room were simply mesmerizing. The staff was attentive and the amenities were top-notch. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a serene...”"\n  - name: "Keven"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice helpful staff. Friendly.
No big issues -.would be happy to return to this nice hotel”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/riva.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Alion start their day on the right note with a continental breakfast, a delightful spread available each morning. For those looking to explore the rich history and vibrant culture of the area, the hotel's reception desk stands ready to organize various excursions and daily trips to the nearby towns of Durres, Kruje, and Tirana, albeit at an additional surcharge, promising an unforgettable exploration of Albania's treasures.

Strategically located, Hotel Alion is just 3.2 km away from the bustling Port of Durres and 5 km from the scenic Rock of Kavaje, making it an ideal base for both leisure and adventure. For guests arriving by air, the convenience is further enhanced by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 34 km from the hotel. With its thoughtful amenities and strategic location, Hotel Alion stands out as a premier choice for those seeking to discover the charm and beauty of Durrës and beyond.