---\ntitle: "Hotel with Castle View"\ndescription: "Hotel with Castle View stands as a remarkable retreat in Gjirokastër, offering breathtaking mountain vistas and a mere 45 km journey from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475938685.jpg?k=e0dfad9dd492a00832158a08aa0413c70ad89ae60b8c13ab4d0e757159d6c0be&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-with-castle-view\naddress: "Rruga Astrit Karagjozi, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07200222\n  lng: 20.1367901\nprice: "US$79"\npriceFrom: 79\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475938685.jpg?k=e0dfad9dd492a00832158a08aa0413c70ad89ae60b8c13ab4d0e757159d6c0be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471902295.jpg?k=d9c8a00319931918ebd5b0667f8acfe916f0bfcd3db33333a157390dbf8c0587&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471526121.jpg?k=98aa49478fc314b0d942b8442e074a99b5343594264d4094cfa25abb2e437e0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471526144.jpg?k=57fa84438797ca48360cbfd5e4206d88a0a4134e68985fdd21a5316b009a972e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471690997.jpg?k=5fa956997c9ae35a416a3acb5108dca7974542aa4af782cb05c2c74118dced68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471526128.jpg?k=5fd0f2a4048dd00b1d288e6bd19c9e91312725f01f7a5472999241af71c4ff1a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Tradicional Urat 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Tradicionale Kardhashi 100 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mentor"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Very good location, close to old town with beautiful view from terrace. Huge traditonal room and modern bathroom. Clean, quiet and renovated room. Very good breakfast. Lovely staff.”"\n  - name: "Patricia"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Probably the best place we stayed in Albania. The family room was very spacious and very comfortable. The owners of the hotel were extremely friendly with us and with our small daughter. The hotel is a bit difficult to find, but the owner was very...”"\n  - name: "Gillian"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Loved the location and view from terrace. Had a huge beautiful room . The staff were so lovely and helped with parking the car. Offered lovely complementary snacks while we had afternoon drinks on the terrace. Staff couldn’t have been friendlier ,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/with-castle-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nSecurity is paramount, with round-the-clock surveillance, alongside the personalized services of private check-in and check-out, ensuring a seamless and secure stay. For international visitors, the added convenience of currency exchange services on-site is a thoughtful touch.

Accommodations at Hotel with Castle View are designed with comfort and elegance in mind. Each room boasts air conditioning for those warmer days, alongside a flat-screen TV for entertainment at any hour. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with both shower and bathrobes, ensuring a relaxing end to the day. The thoughtful inclusion of a seating and dining area in all units adds a touch of home, complemented by the provision of bed linen and towels for the utmost in convenience.

Situated 83 km from Ioannina Airport, the guest house is an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities and natural beauty.