---\ntitle: "Hotel Eagle"\ndescription: "Hotel Eagle emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, Vlorë County, offering guests a serene escape just a stone's throw from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach 9 and the idyllic Paradise Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365438323.jpg?k=2b1f1d1e526352749c30bbbb1e4b039aa925b7b78c9c5505698af088a740cad2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-eagle\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Tahsini, Nr.19, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76658212\n  lng: 20.00030419\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 93\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365438323.jpg?k=2b1f1d1e526352749c30bbbb1e4b039aa925b7b78c9c5505698af088a740cad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365439298.jpg?k=7b97674907777ad45f48f1d047b5ad417ddb4de974effbeb996d5707dcdd9393&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365442486.jpg?k=5587f6bab7753ef45d555fc5428cd9ae678c1f7dd857fea4ca5d64495421e636&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365440931.jpg?k=2b3408cccfdceb67a4dab2ad20a020c92e6f01d1ab14cf153777f78d649af66b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365437665.jpg?k=9509564c928349359be361a83b2764ac6cfd164b0af122039a243d23a78db95e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365437653.jpg?k=21b8bead524c3fc8c743e6d0db257375d5fdb765098286af40810865cf58a426&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365442236.jpg?k=13c3052ae0e5b48f59ee8e1e2992aee2304d8dc0d13e4e31b5d7b8318bd895d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365442238.jpg?k=841e50a642103e5fc6ecd94aa377039ebd0e7bd64a178a1c10db63e8ec997824&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365438041.jpg?k=14d9dac858834ca7a6252fbfc4160b2b357af053bf329ea5bf64db12b3c5d350&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Pulbardha Beach Ksamil 20 m"\n  - "Serxho 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 200 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Suad"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The people were very nice and it was a very beautiful place.”"\n  - name: "Claudia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“clean and super friendly staff! we were a big group of girls and the room was great. very close to beaches and excellent value for money”"\n  - name: "Boglárka"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“We loved the manager \"Mama\" Tatjana, she was very helpful, kind and hardworker. She solved all of our needs and requests. We loved the room design and the cleanless. We had a very big spacious room with 2 side of balcony. The locaiton is just 5...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eagle.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Eagle extends an invitation to relaxation with its own balcony, providing a personal oasis where guests can unwind. The modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV and a hairdryer, add a touch of convenience to the tranquil ambiance.

Morning at Hotel Eagle begins with a culinary delight, as guests are treated to a choice of continental, Italian, or vegetarian breakfasts. The on-site restaurant further tantalizes the taste buds with an array of dishes from Greek, Italian, and pizza cuisines, accommodating a variety of dietary preferences with vegetarian, halal, and vegan options upon request.

Beyond the comforts of their rooms, guests can explore the lush garden or enjoy a refreshing drink at the bar. The hotel's commitment to service shines through with room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange facilities, ensuring a seamless and worry-free experience.

Situated conveniently close to Bora Bora Beach and Lori Beach, each just 800 meters away, and with Corfu International Airport 92 km from the doorstep, Hotel Eagle serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural richness of the region. Whether seeking a peaceful retreat or an adventurous exploration, Hotel Eagle promises an unforgettable stay in Ksamil.