---\ntitle: "Hotel Boutique Restaurant Gloria"\ndescription: "Hotel Boutique Restaurant Gloria emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68018854.jpg?k=0efcd145dc1eb498c82a962cbb4b4401e3c1ef56a84d2ed3e96fb67f681091b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-boutique-restaurant-gloria\naddress: "Tirane, Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3306469\n  lng: 19.82328281\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1063\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68018854.jpg?k=0efcd145dc1eb498c82a962cbb4b4401e3c1ef56a84d2ed3e96fb67f681091b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/66355327.jpg?k=7d459c5f2bda7b27c2f676a1a305eda19d12728df90ac21806635042ae47c806&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/66355335.jpg?k=397add8a0b36145869a4b0d18f1e303a4989a1a0ae695974ce90d43f54012367&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131571894.jpg?k=19766435562ec1abd76efbbd6c430873ac6dfa6fc2639f24294c28b75a7a059a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/66355321.jpg?k=cd3ba79a38d614d950f3c1f33386ff9b64cde71d0160d4645012a97bb8b72a1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179269451.jpg?k=9a8634ab6f8b6853c51bfb2e73d1de1de9e45f2300d72a59e8acdcb956581689&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Single Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "King Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Gloria 10 m"\n  - "LOsteria 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arda"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The host should teach lessons at a Tourism Academy. Some people talk about Turkish hospitality but this guy is at a different level: he is setting the bar here! Best host I have ever experienced. The owner and his wife are also working here, so...”"\n  - name: "William"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“We loved everything about our stay here. The location was excellent within easy walking distance of the sights as well access to transport. The hotel and bedroom was fantastic, the breakfasts were amazing each morning. The staff and the owner were...”"\n  - name: "M"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great host very good service and the unforgettable breakfast!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boutique-gloria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically located, the hotel is within walking distance of key attractions such as Skenderberg Square and Sky Tower, ensuring guests have the city's best offerings at their fingertips. Moreover, the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking adds to the seamless experience provided.

Accommodations at Hotel Boutique Restaurant Gloria are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is well-appointed with a cable TV and a refrigerator, ensuring a stay that is both relaxing and convenient. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a shower, slippers, and complimentary toiletries further enhances the guest experience. Select rooms elevate the stay with the addition of a terrace or balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, merely 550 meters away, and the National Arts Gallery, located 850 meters from the premises. For those traveling to or from Tirana Airport, the hotel's location 18 km away provides a straightforward and stress-free connection.

In summary, Hotel Boutique Restaurant Gloria stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a harmonious blend of cultural immersion and modern comforts in Tirana.