---\ntitle: "Hotel Nika"\ndescription: "Hotel Nika stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps from the beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71055495.jpg?k=840b0a48b6936a45a409743f81f2af206271c5e57f01f108193b89dcd22c48d7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-nika\naddress: "Rruga Dhimiter Konomi, Uji i Ftohte, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42764289\n  lng: 19.49261338\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71055495.jpg?k=840b0a48b6936a45a409743f81f2af206271c5e57f01f108193b89dcd22c48d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71055706.jpg?k=1fbeb0c20636db9d7d38063599ab593af9a3ad61d768fbf96d2f5b1e31bc6abf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71055683.jpg?k=e5ca6135b31d18b5a22c7e1fdcf94e22727d161d531973a36898e9b6f034e5c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/45611076.jpg?k=5a83520914f4919a2f3514cdcca5fcd4924549f8a5fb03da75d9f93b88cd5f51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71056296.jpg?k=36ae0f6b03d960a4af807b94cba2de2e98d69552f7c9924b257828f860f48f8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71055674.jpg?k=ddb5c3b3eecdb26ebf0989e48216fa0c011a3fd7676719a362e14beb0be946a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Xhokla 100 m"\n  - "Il Tramonto3 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 300 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1,000 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1,000 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.4 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zaneta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I liked everything about this hotel. Friendly staff, delicious breakfast,spacious rooms with comfy beds for good money! Rooms looks much better then on the photo . I felt more like home than in a hotel”"\n  - name: "Hoxholli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything is great about this place. Don't judge based on the photos because the rooms are 10x times better. It has an amazing location too. Very close to everything! I will DEFINITELY visit it again!”"\n  - name: "Emmy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We loved our stay here and were very sad it was only one night! The beds were so comfy, the couple running it so lovely, and the location was amazing! The dinner was DELICIOUS, the best fish we’ve had on the whole trip. We hope to return....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-nika.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nLocated just 3.5 km from the vibrant town of Vlora, Hotel Nika ensures that guests are never far from urban excitement. Each room is equipped with cable TV and a private bathroom featuring a shower, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The convenience of free on-site parking adds to the hassle-free experience.

For dining options, the hotel houses its own restaurant, with a grocery store conveniently situated just 150 meters away for those preferring to prepare their own meals or needing to grab a quick snack. Transportation is readily accessible, with a bus station a mere 100 meters from the hotel and a train station located in Vlora. Travelers looking to explore further can find the ferry port, offering lines to Brindisi, just 3 km away, while the historic Kanina Fortress lies 8 km from the property, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local heritage.

Hotel Nika emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a serene beachside retreat that does not compromise on accessibility to local attractions and amenities.