---\ntitle: "Hotel Morfeus"\ndescription: "Hotel Morfeus stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the serene Currila Beach in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400802498.jpg?k=c36a3013f7b8fdc09ced5231a556bdef65188f33910a5734439cc2cdb5f8db4b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-morfeus\naddress: "Rruga Currila Restaurant Neps, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.313969\n  lng: 19.433757\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 170\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400802498.jpg?k=c36a3013f7b8fdc09ced5231a556bdef65188f33910a5734439cc2cdb5f8db4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441118043.jpg?k=ee65726c8e1533d433b2c50e72417c57bcbb3ec70d541adc84d2d2d1d563d8a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441119320.jpg?k=d72f44b9cc4ff24db93f100bd5b3dfbb415ac2a372a8262402a41506df08fcee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441125663.jpg?k=277010ecd7af5aed2309fa21cd2e4c28b3cbab45236c26139131ba4ca054e911&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441141398.jpg?k=5da7b1958a7bf7be8447f6a1d2ae503a326aab93bfff4d9c6e2b3ae9b28241ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441118046.jpg?k=cb462dedd15abe48098fd730a3936b6878c93c8f99f0e19179f888c4d0a50289&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "NEPS 10 m"\n  - "Varka de-am 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 40 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 500 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 800 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 950 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nie, clean hotel and fantastic breakfast. Tea and coffee in the room. Very nie host.”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Food number 1 even last day we took a takeaway because the food was that amazing Close to the ⛱️. Food amazing. Stuff lovely and friendly”"\n  - name: "Gashi"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Hotel Morfeus in Durres is known for its outstanding cleanliness. The staff was incredibly friendly and approachable, not your usual formal hotel crew. They go out of their way to make sure you're taken care of. Plus, the location is a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/morfeus.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue at Hotel Morfeus, with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring guests remain connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Durrës. The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its round-the-clock front desk and the convenience of an on-site ATM, catering to all guest needs, any time of the day.

Accommodations at Hotel Morfeus are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for endless entertainment, and a fridge and kettle for those moments when a cup of tea or a cold beverage is needed. The inclusion of a desk in every room makes it an ideal choice for those who mix travel with work. Private bathrooms equipped with a hairdryer, free toiletries, and a refreshing shower ensure a rejuvenating start or end to the day. Select rooms elevate the experience further with balconies offering city views, while a wardrobe in every room keeps belongings neatly organized.

The hotel's prime location places guests within easy reach of Durrës's must-visit sites, including the picturesque Kallmi Beach, the vibrant West End Beach, and the historic Durres Amphitheatre, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the city's treasures. For those looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 36 km away, making Hotel Morfeus a perfect gateway to the wonders of Albania.