---\ntitle: "Hotel 3 Vellezerit"\ndescription: "Hotel 3 Vellezerit emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking beachfront accommodations in Durrës, located just 7 km from the city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270568666.jpg?k=cdf6e0abfac2446db30671886a04d43b90843a9e350385613b3a325a017e7adc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-3-vellezerit\naddress: "Rruga Agaveve RRUGA PAVARESIA, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3100079\n  lng: 19.4844031\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 247\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270568666.jpg?k=cdf6e0abfac2446db30671886a04d43b90843a9e350385613b3a325a017e7adc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270568651.jpg?k=6d385f1cd30e874b534a379647769aab119591d5fc527514a68309eb5c2717a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179932871.jpg?k=e4d3fa51135c21830223ed637011197dbb9c9b5b1a392e71cfaf03249a085373&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/178732462.jpg?k=87cc178c5beebbdf355d0798fecb35d97827a31f8760df9b795b58d26135d628&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/160742764.jpg?k=4603d7f83747ef645b979fe25189949c075b3c38a98c1fb4b42ff01d8e63b7db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270568722.jpg?k=ec90390d1eaadc0a4cab667cd107accee7bb164d40c77706f9ca2e05f5257978&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kosova 30 m"\n  - "Hotel & Misiri 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ulli"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff in an older hotel with quality aspects as the bed sheets and towels. Breakfast is Albania old fashioned but sufficient if you know this. Twice had also dinner there and family cooking with original taste. Liked also the white...”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“A really nice hotel by the sea. Top service and friendly staff. All wonderful +10. I will definitely come again.”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Friendly staff and really good service. Secure parking for your car in the garage. Free beach chairs and great location. The hotel rooms are comfortable and furnished with high-quality materials. Nice restaurant and good food. Everything perfect....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/3-vellezerit-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe rooms at Hotel 3 Vellezerit are designed with comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV, and a fridge for personal use. Each room boasts a private bathroom, equipped with either a bath or a shower, catering to the preferences of all guests. Select accommodations offer the added luxury of sea or city views, providing a scenic backdrop to a relaxing stay.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is a mere 2.8 km from the Port of Durres and 4.2 km from the historical Durres Amphitheatre, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the area. For those traveling further afield, Tirana Airport is conveniently located 30 km from the hotel, facilitating easy arrivals and departures. Hotel 3 Vellezerit stands out as a top selection for visitors to Durrës, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and scenic beauty.