---\ntitle: "Hotel Dini"\ndescription: "Hotel Dini emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379688857.jpg?k=81666cd3c53d09daba70fc25451fc5ef192882adcd73aecf901255062160b941&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-dini\naddress: "Radhimë, 9426 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.37414117\n  lng: 19.48241367\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 7.6\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379688857.jpg?k=81666cd3c53d09daba70fc25451fc5ef192882adcd73aecf901255062160b941&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528493473.jpg?k=0e256e55233e78b003355c5cfdc3231da225ac42e50109d39c65a8224462641d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528492932.jpg?k=07c919742f247c2bb66129fa4a4b4f9e54c51bcfa4bd9f270bd602a51e2bf7aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528492027.jpg?k=1e3caa50228ec7e0e07ec032b81e3c97ab0334cbe110b7121c46b44b49e02088&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528490046.jpg?k=581de1d8f3a255f5615e53b5706ca1de7493bed8dd35664782efa568a431079a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528277384.jpg?k=adadb6461fbb2df46aa145ab0448bbe7d1290ef4ffa6624b99438bedda829671&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527789011.jpg?k=4a5d5fc5457fd428825b8ccc2ef5cef976e5b053a5c603b91891b87bc7b7c8d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525843779.jpg?k=ed8762667f862502daf39fef7ee49bb6dfa229d2ca3f47b7502d6d278b31e258&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525843697.jpg?k=690fd93174e1f696542f7ad4331ad9dfbcebff6ca7304b4aa6daf09a47e1b27b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Royal 350 m"\n  - "La Cloche Mediterranean Cuisine 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kevi Beach 200 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 450 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 500 m"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 7 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 10 km"\n  - "Independence Square 11 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 92 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sonila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Absolutely loved this location - it's only a minute walk to the beach. It's a quiet area, perfect for family getaways. The fig jam served during breakfast was delicious!”"\n  - name: "Cosimo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione.
Colazione.
Vicinanza dal mare.
Disponibilità e cordialità dello staff.”"\n  - name: "Thibault"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Chambre très propre avec vue sur la mer et les montagnes, nous avons été très bien accueillis, le gérant parle français et un petit déjeuner au top et bien copieu! Un gros plus car accès à la mer à 50m”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-dini-radhime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed accommodations, each featuring modern amenities such as air conditioning, satellite flat-screen TVs, refrigerators, and coffee machines, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The thoughtful inclusion of slippers, free toiletries, and crisp bed linen adds a touch of luxury to the experience. Moreover, every unit boasts a balcony, presenting serene street views for moments of quiet reflection.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Hotel Dini offers a range of facilities designed to enhance the guest experience. A quaint coffee shop on-site provides the perfect start to the day, while a nearby minimarket caters to any last-minute needs. For families, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores the guest house's commitment to accommodating guests of all ages, ensuring a worry-free stay.

The guest house's garden invites relaxation and leisure, offering a peaceful escape amidst the bustling surroundings. Despite its secluded feel, Hotel Dini remains within easy reach of notable attractions, including La Playa Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba, located 2.8 km and 12 km away, respectively. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 161 km from the property, with a convenient paid airport shuttle service available to ensure seamless arrivals and departures.

In summary, Hotel Dini presents a compelling choice for travelers to Vlorë, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and attentive services, all designed to create an unforgettable stay.