---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Tirana emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259437045.jpg?k=78f46d99bed1a173c023f1844145e74dd29e38b34499b5858851a3afc7b35d08&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Servet Libohova Blloku i Vilave, Selite, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31555657\n  lng: 19.80020665\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 561\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259437045.jpg?k=78f46d99bed1a173c023f1844145e74dd29e38b34499b5858851a3afc7b35d08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259437091.jpg?k=abcd56ffc6ac8e07e5170f2a022df85b20ef8f7fedeeec7a4fbe2ca6d0e10964&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257508915.jpg?k=2fb22dfe9f792e1a696a7f2e30ba39df217de33d55ca5ac875c11f8699a8cc3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257508866.jpg?k=1b50b93d3fca63d39c8374e932f60f3903e0a2756ea1613adabec5e5f27e6ba9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257361750.jpg?k=cd2f23e0e2cc1e6b7e18a002df863ef7979fc3198b65502a592d499287e8100a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259438742.jpg?k=6b7effe8b73b1b343aad8f16176c6a6a87e48a7dbb47be140a75b9e08ec3cf59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259437015.jpg?k=318ca170b48f674ca6f40daca9825c59100efc301064c04fd04c58191e0d19bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259436998.jpg?k=8e5f8309cde41d1ca08e46c5d549c5d65f428792c6621b9c79abc3ed01ba3afd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259433371.jpg?k=5be1f4fb733a09d6b7543b3a27fc3c78c316265405171eeb644ed266119cddc2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Firenze 100 m"\n  - "Mono Tirana 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bogdan"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The locatiom is good, in a quiet area of Tirana, it is a 30 min walk to the city center (about 2km). There are a few shops around, but you cannot pay by card in all of them. Also there are a few coffee shops and restaurants around.”"\n  - name: "Patryk"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It was fantastic time. Apartments are super-comfortable and beautiful. Vila Tirana is lovely place with soul. Visi is very hospitable and care about every guest. You can feel here like in home. I am pretty sure, that we will be back there some day.”"\n  - name: "Markos"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room is really nice and the bathroom is spacious. Staff is helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nRooms at Hotel Vila Tirana are thoughtfully designed to provide a restful experience. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms come with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of convenience to your stay. For those who appreciate outdoor spaces, select rooms also feature a balcony, offering a private spot to enjoy the morning breeze or evening calm. Safety is prioritized with in-room safety deposit boxes for personal valuables.

The hotel's location is notably strategic, placing guests within easy reach of Tirana's must-visit sites. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is merely 2.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the country's history. For those willing to venture a bit further, the Rock of Kavaje stands 43 km from the hotel, presenting an opportunity for an exciting day trip. Additionally, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 7.6 km away, provides an unforgettable ride with panoramic views of the area. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making Hotel Vila Tirana an ideal choice for both short stays and longer explorations of Albania's vibrant capital.