---\ntitle: "Hotel Dyrrah"\ndescription: "Discover the hidden gem of Hotel Dyrrah, a serene retreat located a mere stone's throw from the sea, where the gentle lapping of waves sets the tone for a relaxing stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592893.jpg?k=21d2903a28598279b9a61f5c7e66ea36699bfcf98e087ddda5f243b5d90fd9b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-dyrrah\naddress: "Lagja 13, Iliria Plazha, 4000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30365514\n  lng: 19.49366212\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 376\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592893.jpg?k=21d2903a28598279b9a61f5c7e66ea36699bfcf98e087ddda5f243b5d90fd9b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592778.jpg?k=218761c9986468131d6f20d61cc8c92612b5ade1c8476a2123625cc78c363273&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592766.jpg?k=fcf2434e75b5215c3c9254d2aa25c697b56d43840688bfdf0bb286df20eb48f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592879.jpg?k=91779787f72dc0448fd5fb1de14dabf40ac44809fb6873780ecbc6197f941575&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592768.jpg?k=79c7f36febc4ad906b5a2351a1e874e43ea38aef40d58ae6c8b5d631518abc33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592875.jpg?k=683e4d3585d8dcd3110587ce8162c302e3c60ccec06e7bc9d8b3db735a52ea27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592739.jpg?k=c847ea15695b853fd2de8210a2c51da3685b224614af6ba455440c2943b34537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477592779.jpg?k=6baea753c0ccf88923d0fa26c90abbad88a764a29d513a279b5db84f5f36d168&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149406632.jpg?k=25f1f231d37ae28db086caaf4b0bdbbfddc5b7bf1a1ec1edf72666ab92d2694b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools (1 open)"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 100 m"\n  - "Puerto Del Sol 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alicja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Hotel is located in the second line from the beach, 2minutes walk. The hotel was clear, the stuff was helpful and the pool is the biggest attraction. The room was cleaned every day and we had very spacious place. The breakfast was every day the...”"\n  - name: "Viktor"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The pool is amazing, I spent there the whole day. Lovely staff, amazing food!”"\n  - name: "Gemma"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Would definitely recommend this hotel. The rooms were modern, large and very clean. The cocktails, wine and food were excellent. The staff were very friendly, particularly Hasan went above and beyond especially with our 3 year old.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dyrrah.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Dyrrah is thoughtfully equipped with a minibar and a private bathroom, ensuring a comfortable and private stay. Select rooms boast balconies that offer guests a tranquil view of the pool, adding an extra layer of serenity to the experience.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, the vibrant city of Durrës awaits exploration, just 5 km away. Here, history enthusiasts can marvel at a historic castle and an ancient amphitheatre, immersing themselves in the rich tapestry of the region's past.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary private parking removes any travel-related stress. Moreover, the hotel's strategic location offers easy access to Nënë Tereza International Airport, located 25 km away, and the bustling capital city of Tirana, a 40 km journey, making it an ideal base for both leisure and exploration.

Hotel Dyrrah stands out as a welcoming haven for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of history on their next getaway.