---\ntitle: "Hotel Restorant Delisia"\ndescription: "Hotel Restorant Delisia stands as a beacon of comfort and elegance in Korçë, a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334023678.jpg?k=79106fc16ec84a1931f376f36426e33bab09da82ad5bb49c02e86775af284147&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-restorant-delisia\naddress: "Rruga Kristaq Isak 20 Lagja 4, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61049506\n  lng: 20.78539789\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334023678.jpg?k=79106fc16ec84a1931f376f36426e33bab09da82ad5bb49c02e86775af284147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334022669.jpg?k=935b6343bc94d4793f721070b8993b304bd4958f0f3d96d249e5f6c56bd96e8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334022666.jpg?k=63a69b68da52c0db4103c3df4fb8d23c79e6de0ffc68a8ca508b67561746e3d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334023900.jpg?k=8f54b6ddc1a91a0d964cd87b93073201d9aac22456953bdb3dbc41d0c090149f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334022672.jpg?k=e7cd06796899800b939d2f24acb2a7066118bf4452617b3525e8514f6779380a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334023680.jpg?k=5b3005feb6bc1e77a59a0383c07f4f763157d16a827654b73483672805dce805&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elita 200 m"\n  - "Chris House 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 600 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 950 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 950 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 44 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orjus"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We didn't book room with breakfast but staff was kind enough to offer us breakfast without paying anything.
Very nice and clean place.”"\n  - name: "Elodie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, great matress, access to the hotel and the room securized with a lock card, shower screen, clean, breakfast”"\n  - name: "Jonel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was big with a big balcony. It was very clean. Everyone was very polite. Did non expect the food to be that good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/restorant-delisia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail extends beyond the accommodations. Each room is designed with a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV, catering to both the aesthetic and practical needs of modern travelers. The hotel's on-site restaurant elevates the dining experience by offering a diverse menu that spans Greek, Italian, and local cuisine. For those with specific dietary preferences, vegetarian, dairy-free, and halal options are readily available, ensuring every guest finds something to satisfy their palate.

Service at Hotel Restorant Delisia is unparalleled, with a multilingual staff ready to assist guests around the clock at the 24-hour front desk. Whether it's providing local insights or facilitating a smooth stay, the team's dedication to guest satisfaction is evident.

Located conveniently, the hotel is a stone's throw away from the historic Monastery Saint Naum, and just 72 km from Kastoria National Airport, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort. Hotel Restorant Delisia is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring the rich tapestry of Korçë and beyond.