---\ntitle: "Hotel Empire Albania"\ndescription: "Hotel Empire Albania emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422612496.jpg?k=556005a1bd5ad7b0f24176c08d20b568029ae429a4e39a3014cd08939a3bd073&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-empire-albania\naddress: "Pavarësia Street, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30795774\n  lng: 19.48885632\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 373\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422612496.jpg?k=556005a1bd5ad7b0f24176c08d20b568029ae429a4e39a3014cd08939a3bd073&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420278447.jpg?k=312fc3c3d10328b0b48774e6de6d7451b513a110af0518c41d6808af69b7846e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423688875.jpg?k=473914fcae640926bfffa426e31b4f5d2a5b9a1d5cc2263c0940d35e7f05d1e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386916349.jpg?k=c1d64b6322057d4c06b7e9cf04d57e545a6f4b23d1f1b72446450112ba6db0eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422612239.jpg?k=2ff1d58e07238acf0816605e5f31ee10fd0918282e12e1de9e1c64ae370086f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386995298.jpg?k=c01689771e876b93e3a448a0793f1c64eef0b411201c33cdc49a7fea2edd541f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Suite"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“everything was perfect, the service was very nice and helpful, the food was delicious and the cook talked to us about the menu. Very nice location, a few minutes to a beautiful beach and you can also walk to the center.”"\n  - name: "Katrin"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. So beautiful hotel and best beach area with cool lounge. Staff was so friendly and they let us check in earlier and check out later without any fee which is very rear on these days. Rooftop pool was lot bigger than seemed...”"\n  - name: "Gemma"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff went above and beyond for us. I was ill during my stay and the staff couldnt do enough for me, bringing a kettle and honey and tea to try and help me. Breakfast is beautifully made and with a lovely smile from florin and team.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/empire.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world where each room is a haven of comfort, featuring a cozy seating area, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV, and a safety deposit box for peace of mind. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms equipped with complimentary toiletries, ensuring a seamless experience. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms boast balconies offering captivating city views, while all guests benefit from the convenience of in-room desks and kettles.

Beyond the confines of its elegant rooms, Hotel Empire Albania extends its hospitality through a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, perfect for a refreshing dip under the sun. Free private parking alleviates any concerns about vehicle security, while the terrace invites moments of relaxation. Culinary desires are catered to at the on-site restaurant, with a bar available for evening drinks and socializing.

The commitment to guest satisfaction is underscored by the provision of room service, a 24-hour front desk, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring that every need is met with promptness and courtesy.

Situated a manageable distance from notable landmarks, the hotel is 38 km from Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 33 km away, making it an ideal base for exploring the wider region.

Hotel Empire Albania stands out as a premier destination for those who appreciate the finer aspects of travel, offering a blend of modern amenities and unparalleled service that caters to the discerning traveler.