---\ntitle: "Hotel Senator"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Senator, a gem just a short stroll from the heart of Sarandë, offering guests the luxury of stepping directly onto its private beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241218346.jpg?k=a840420541179bdc6c1ccff53ce95eb57106ef09af622d9e2b76947fd338a33b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-senator\naddress: "Saranda Butrinti Road, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86880635\n  lng: 20.01483142\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 72\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/241218346.jpg?k=a840420541179bdc6c1ccff53ce95eb57106ef09af622d9e2b76947fd338a33b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265542446.jpg?k=8f3268864346f6a5aa121051387a887597a0b0d35df457698b1b95cc9630fa42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265542501.jpg?k=622ca32d34aba977e171a4940bae2a76aadeea161902798122bec5136823d1b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361825444.jpg?k=8d0e1f310874edbbd1ecd2e0af2c863a9c178ba485be77b0ca161cf5f3cec4b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204066299.jpg?k=e8245ad8c32d57b131c9964deff1637666fd0dacdba2278af2900cec45d58752&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204065160.jpg?k=c0e14014c7e7d0e8b94f6e0eef80695f50b49a0412ae968bf0af04daf4128c62&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Petite 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Pupi 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "La Petite Beach 40 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aile"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Location, a few minutes from the main pedestrian walk, sunset from the terrace, great and varied breakfast also from terrace, staff attentive and available specially Mirella with her home made cakes and pastries and always smiling. The owners...”"\n  - name: "Vispagandhi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Loved the location, good breakfast, amazing views from 5th and 6th floor balcony. Value for money and we'll worth a stay. You can take the ferry across to Corfu which is clearly visible.”"\n  - name: "Max"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very good location, walking distance to the beach, best bars and restaurants. Close to Center and all tourist attractions. Hotel Bar is on the top floor, serving very good breakfast and you can enjoy the amazing view of Saranda at breakfast time...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-heaven.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Senator is a blend of comfort and convenience, featuring air conditioning, satellite TV, a minibar, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. Select rooms elevate your stay with a balcony or mesmerizing sea views, adding a touch of elegance to your visit.

Culinary delights await just 10 meters away at a restaurant renowned for its local and international cuisine. For those looking to explore further, a public beach lies 500 meters from the hotel, and a tourist agency ready to organize day trips and excursions is conveniently located 400 meters away.

Adventure seekers will appreciate the proximity to Lekursi Castle, just 3.5 km away, offering breathtaking views of Saranda. The island of Corfu is a mere hour by boat, presenting an easy day trip option, while the UNESCO-protected Butrint National Park, 18 km away, promises a journey into history and natural beauty.

Transportation is a breeze, with the Main Bus Station and Ferry Port each only 1 km from the hotel. Additionally, local buses stopping directly on-site provide easy access to the best beaches in Saranda. Hotel Senator stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and exploration.