---\ntitle: "Hotel Rimini Tirana"\ndescription: "Hotel Rimini Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789226.jpg?k=9728d711122a800cfbe9a687fd76491cf1d5e6d463d79374c5a6f932ac5165c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-rimini-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Adem Jashari 10, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31629394\n  lng: 19.81586655\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 154\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789226.jpg?k=9728d711122a800cfbe9a687fd76491cf1d5e6d463d79374c5a6f932ac5165c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789356.jpg?k=30fe82d2257c8129812589cf499b0cbea78c52d78e1177e97c141605ac5dd334&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789083.jpg?k=f223d02cbb6af6d741cb971d8169f2b058320806463573d71758f4b42b47e352&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789206.jpg?k=80e9d4a048d8a50cb54bc23b7aeb6b868787b64bc563415f29bfdd00bda3cf27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197074581.jpg?k=3e25dc871d55fc691478f81a000821dfef5684fe7f471f4784b9daa14c0bb80e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197074608.jpg?k=c18bb673d76aba7ca889f8e5f06e488f5dc6c14281e2512074800ed8e32011b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197074602.jpg?k=ca862ef82e0d42bb320599eeaec297e7ceedb40e6c92831a4ef8618afd35612c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789264.jpg?k=fdea0c3b0da5d58467ff266dfbb6d6f032af7afbc4816ec96032df83a59503be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185789232.jpg?k=2f9d190f12c99e5811ef11f2b114848417405ede59cc2b6fb58a94b971adc46d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tomahawk 50 m"\n  - "Gusto di Mare 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 250 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jane&rib"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely small hotel. Good location, short walk from the big park and lake in Tirana and around the corner from nice coffee shops. About 15 minute walk to central square, past lots of restaurants bars.
Warm welcome from friendly staff. Comfortable...”"\n  - name: "Yannis"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“GREAT LOCATION, SAFE AND CLOSE TO EVERYTHING. THE PEOPLE FRIENDLY AND POLITE. VERY GOOD BREAKFAST. THE MATTRESS AND THE PILLOWS WERE OF THE MOST COMFORTABLE I EVER MET ON MY TRAVELS.”"\n  - name: "Marija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location was excellent, everything we needed was in a walking range. The traffic is a bit chaotic in the city so location is key. The staff was very kind and helpfull.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rimini-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering room service around the clock, a 24-hour front desk for any inquiries or needs, and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. For those with valuables or travel documents, luggage storage space and currency exchange services add an extra layer of convenience.

Each room at Hotel Rimini Tirana is a haven of comfort, equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The private bathrooms are well-stocked with complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. Select accommodations also feature a seating area, providing a cozy nook for relaxation or reflection. To ensure a restful night's sleep, every room is furnished with quality bed linen and towels.

For guests eager to explore, Hotel Rimini Tirana serves as an ideal base. The hotel is in close proximity to several of Tirana’s attractions, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the lush Grand Park of Tirana, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Hotel Rimini Tirana stands out as a prime choice for those desiring a blend of attentive service, comfort, and strategic location in Albania's vibrant capital.