---\ntitle: "Hotel Piemonte"\ndescription: "Hotel Piemonte emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/157635096.jpg?k=b5c5ccc902b89f775c3ebd2e8480f277490db47d07ccb49cc03bcff3f4881c82&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-piemonte\naddress: "Rruga Gjin Bue Shpata, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32037053\n  lng: 19.81218196\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 237\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/157635096.jpg?k=b5c5ccc902b89f775c3ebd2e8480f277490db47d07ccb49cc03bcff3f4881c82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236129780.jpg?k=95a025107c20092b4704eed2355947035d586cc8f691c5097945300965a25848&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236130850.jpg?k=d40f47e68f4c55e80ceefcaf8b813c3cbffaf00171821c35462d9f469ce212eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238234587.jpg?k=12b234b520819b281efa7f1205feb15901f56c759d07c3a5bcc79dd9ca48fb0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361674320.jpg?k=0b753b864f400b35af8a69a8fd2fb4585a5971b2bc6c9f2c3c48832e8ccc0138&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/168432010.jpg?k=7bfa6ec8f051c346fc3033df7845b16f695d090dd8ae7aa12858b3590195fda4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/168438383.jpg?k=1b7ec5044a8272836ef9ecf152f4912c4e73f9751a4adab43987dc67808ef030&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/168431053.jpg?k=f504730f1eb0ae2fba35bbe252c20eb931ac166d3ba2b91cae85cb98b3c08380&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361674316.jpg?k=b705b0aa89205efb7a5207e8bab0edd489c2a2420e4abe665f48c95306d162c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room without Window"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Piemonte 4 m"\n  - "Troja Gr.Gourmet 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mazorchuk"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Good hotel. Excellent welcoming staff and owner. The room was clean. Breakfast was good. There are no problems with parking, but you need to arrange it in advance. I liked it all!”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“It is clean, very simple to check in, the staff is helpful and nice!”"\n  - name: "Ahmed"\n    country: "Egypt"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, awesome view, everything was nice. Thanks”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piemonte-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue at Hotel Piemonte, thanks to the complimentary WiFi that spans the premises, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. For those who prefer a more personalized service, room service and an ATM on-site add an extra layer of convenience to their stay.

Transportation needs are well catered for, with the hotel offering airport transfers for ease of access to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away. Additionally, a car rental service is available for guests eager to explore Tirana at their own pace.

Cultural enthusiasts and explorers will find Hotel Piemonte to be an ideal base, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Pyramid of Tirana, and Rinia Park all within close proximity. This positioning makes it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and history of Tirana.

In summary, Hotel Piemonte stands out as a thoughtful choice for travelers looking for a harmonious blend of accessibility, service, and cultural immersion in Tirana.