---\ntitle: "Hotel Queen Margaret Seaside"\ndescription: "Hotel Queen Margaret Seaside emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586071.jpg?k=c1364755db36c2af5dd225d241c7ccf08df35cef410c6c6f811827a6454ce5cb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-queen-margaret-seaside\naddress: "Rruga Fan Noli, Lagja nr2, 9400 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77365956\n  lng: 20.00350943\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 497\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586071.jpg?k=c1364755db36c2af5dd225d241c7ccf08df35cef410c6c6f811827a6454ce5cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210273352.jpg?k=cd706f8260a7e964b1e725fa8cb8bd4eab3e9f4515b6c067360f449122ce2119&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449585669.jpg?k=2bdf5b790f188333a54dbccdfb36bb7a77289b88f999f472bc7039cd8677effd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449585964.jpg?k=3ef2bc31530552d3e8e248ba0dcfbddb937fd8fb59a9816367d3ec83dc82ae14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586025.jpg?k=200678a24a3013adc4c327f81d7d94ea503e71988cbaaacb0abd9f16a1d52a53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449585959.jpg?k=ae3335312fac9c992d269ce6ce57d0f2177862b03551fa5cf6bed659c8d7fb02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586027.jpg?k=2e3ddb436b6e6cd14e8e563b108e4fb302c4c7beab1e99ca408c9ecb4de5ef89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586010.jpg?k=a02680ebdb28c19d3173d22472d6e1ae7e6672bbf475d1fb29756f293054b3c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449586041.jpg?k=a98baf952ea1d53e034154219049fcbcb36b560fa8928d448a0e14f4c49f6a93&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\n  - "Superior Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Afa 100 m"\n  - "Family &Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 100 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "B"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful view super clean and well organised apartment”"\n  - name: "Gunta"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Great place to stay. Beautiful view. Delicious breakfast. Everything was great. Thank you”"\n  - name: "Brodie"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Amazing location and the owners are the most welcoming & beautiful people. (Also their dog bruno is the cutest thing ever) The breakfast is freshly cooked and always served with a warm smile.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/queen-margaret-seaside.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of elegance and comfort, with each air-conditioned room boasting free WiFi, a private bathroom, and thoughtful touches such as a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a kettle, and complimentary toiletries. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in all rooms, ensuring a comfortable stay. Select accommodations offer the added luxury of sea views and a patio, inviting guests to unwind in an idyllic setting.

The hotel takes pride in its culinary offerings, with an à la carte breakfast served each morning to kickstart the day. The shared lounge, terrace, and on-site restaurant provide ample spaces for relaxation and socializing, while the bar serves as a cozy retreat for evening drinks.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's comforts, a range of activities awaits. From hiking and fishing to snorkeling, the surrounding area offers abundant opportunities for adventure and leisure, especially along the beachfront. The convenience of airport transfers and a car rental service further enhances the guest experience, making exploration effortless.

Situated within easy reach of notable attractions such as Coco Beach and Ksamil Beach 7, Hotel Queen Margaret Seaside stands as a gateway to the beauty of Ksamil. With Corfu International Airport just 93 km away, the hotel remains accessible for international travelers, promising a stay that combines the allure of Ksamil's beaches with the unmatched hospitality of Hotel Queen Margaret Seaside.