---\ntitle: "Hotel Kukesi"\ndescription: "Hotel Kukesi emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, offering guests a harmonious blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474241624.jpg?k=4ec376279d88e0a2f59d27156e475631467e62ab326081ebec71183c83091deb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kukesi\naddress: "Lin,Pogradec, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.05262139\n  lng: 20.64601612\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.5\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 7.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 7.1\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 7.4\n  comfort: 7.4\n  staff: 7.1\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474241624.jpg?k=4ec376279d88e0a2f59d27156e475631467e62ab326081ebec71183c83091deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474241757.jpg?k=d1bc55fd92ed4e9a03eea6c73fd5ace643ff4000cb96da6af23295d0d0080c4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474258493.jpg?k=1c76c4365461c1b06666e8254b9127a726d33c9da362b08ea236e0740420bbba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474241744.jpg?k=f25e1b970c39155c3aae02e1713de1ee35eea0b124fc29694fe6581d86bdd5da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474253461.jpg?k=6f145754acec1d390a882b5724e2c04282c05312d0eb4c4f3b0af6eb13b40198&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474256899.jpg?k=954bd86d9c9f670c0c6bad2e326ab8f0ab9bb919531212082712b3225fe918be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Korca 300 m"\n  - "Restorant Rrema 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 5 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 14 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 14 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 14 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 14 km"\n  - "Upper Gate 14 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 14 km"\n  - "Nature Museum 14 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 15 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 85 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 86 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/resort-kukesi-aldo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that boast not only a view of the tranquil lake but also the majestic mountains, ensuring a stay that is as picturesque as it is comfortable. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and slippers, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of convenience to the experience.

Beyond the rooms, Hotel Kukesi extends its hospitality through a lush garden, free private parking, a welcoming restaurant, and a cozy bar, creating a comprehensive package for any guest. The wardrobe-equipped accommodations promise ample space for personal belongings, ensuring a stay that is as organized as it is relaxing.

The hotel's reception is manned by a bilingual team, proficient in both English and Albanian, ready to assist guests at any hour. This commitment to service enhances the overall experience, making every stay seamless.

For those drawn to historical and spiritual sites, the Church of St. John at Kaneo and Kalishta Monastery lie within a manageable distance, inviting exploration. With Ohrid Airport just 28 km away, Hotel Kukesi presents itself as an accessible haven for travelers seeking both tranquility and adventure in the heart of Pogradec.