---\ntitle: "Hotel Kthella Resort"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Rrëshen with a stay at Hotel Kthella Resort, a distinguished 4-star establishment that stands out for its comprehensive amenities and exceptional service."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109581392.jpg?k=c009ea388f0f1b5dcde3dff345f4ccfe71433a304c836911276c68c7a1b8b360&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kthella-resort\naddress: "Rruga Vincenco D'Paoli Kthella Autogrill Resort, 4600 Rrëshen, Albania"\ncity: "Rrëshen"\nlocation: "Rrëshen"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.77283823\n  lng: 19.86914992\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 6.2\nratingWords: "Average"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 6.2\n  location: 6.3\n  cleanliness: 6.7\n  facilities: 6.3\n  value: 5.4\n  comfort: 7.1\n  staff: 5.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109581392.jpg?k=c009ea388f0f1b5dcde3dff345f4ccfe71433a304c836911276c68c7a1b8b360&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483471245.jpg?k=f6a4ec7c0301ec4c5a1e5218c17830ed0057a51f01b7104bdc0f91f91f303db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483471415.jpg?k=7cc258134b0d8eaa6e390e3e316a8ea8d6c2dbc4e101168f1378acdbf6a5d041&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109581390.jpg?k=fa1f8093b5cb897d442f35ef38c17eb4d84cd984fdc34c4061d00beae273440e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483471335.jpg?k=e481a8844ae3e430ea64fb8c3fa808a7cdbd2d4cab9270fabc36cefb5a56d0cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109581391.jpg?k=c33556ff4037726d56bf6913c1911e73dfbab9f4052b7cbc318a32367c78c4bb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Livio 100 m"\n  - "City bar 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sofra e Kthelles 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 40 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 82 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 98 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kthella-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by the serene beauty of the hotel's garden and the welcoming ambiance of its shared lounge and terrace. The on-site restaurant serves a variety of delectable dishes, catering to diverse palates and providing a taste of the local cuisine.

Hotel Kthella Resort ensures a hassle-free experience with its 24-hour front desk, ATM on premises, and complimentary WiFi throughout the hotel. For those arriving by car, the convenience of free private parking is a notable perk. Additionally, the hotel offers car hire services, encouraging guests to explore the picturesque surroundings at their leisure.

The accommodations at Hotel Kthella Resort are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned unit is equipped with modern amenities such as a fridge, minibar, kettle, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and DVD player. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which feature a bidet and complimentary toiletries. Select rooms boast pool views and all come with the added luxury of a private balcony, ensuring a tranquil retreat for every guest.

Families will appreciate the hotel's children's playground, while active guests can take advantage of the nearby fishing and cycling opportunities, immersing themselves in the natural beauty of Rrëshen.

For business travelers, Hotel Kthella Resort offers essential services like fax and photocopying, alongside an ironing service to ensure that every guest looks their best.

Situated just 57 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel provides a perfect base for exploring the region or a peaceful stopover for those in transit.

Hotel Kthella Resort is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers an enriching experience for all who visit.