---\ntitle: "Hotel Legjenda"\ndescription: "Hotel Legjenda stands as a serene oasis in Shkodër, a mere 46 km from the bustling Port of Bar, offering a tranquil retreat with its outdoor swimming pool, private parking, lush garden, and inviting terrace."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274937240.jpg?k=538d22357a4f6bac58c7bbaa8f979c9faef9859078869c4818e19dbfd254fafe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-legjenda\naddress: "Camping Legjenda, Road Agron 1, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.04359605\n  lng: 19.48918819\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 749\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274937240.jpg?k=538d22357a4f6bac58c7bbaa8f979c9faef9859078869c4818e19dbfd254fafe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274952874.jpg?k=c5aa80ef196a1e01c466235f08cc628ab548a6e5189a1a057a0c2953f16e5136&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274942458.jpg?k=105e3f88f87e6b7323f21a162b1c8baa16db7553fdbabb329017698d36b2ff7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274936826.jpg?k=16c3b68314964c314c48b75606b590c09064780dc8910d8023f09b8d501f65c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274957858.jpg?k=b707c22fb006f12fadb4eac78fe6d255efb5ebb9c379aa61e481e63f72200fe9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/274937179.jpg?k=8fc51fdc0f7e9a3f7e568d8985e920c9dc693a3543214345e560b765a78eb7f8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Chalet Double"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "The Bride's Chalet Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room with Shower"\n  - "Chalet Triple Family"\n  - "Superior Triple Chalet"\n  - "Quadruple Duplex Chalet"\n  - "Superior Chalet Quadruple Duplex"\n  - "Quadruple Jungle Chalet"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Legjenda Bar-Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Vataksi 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 500 m"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 71 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ingrid"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The house was a piece of artwork. One of the best i have been for sure. Eaxh jouse had little details that made them vety unique. Not to talk about the amazing breakfast and the staff being extra friendly. Best plase in Shkodra”"\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Shkodër wasn’t my favourite city in Albania- to be honest, it was too loud for me. But Legjenda was everything I could ask for. Absolute peace, pool for relax, even restaurant so you don’t have to go anywhere. Best place for peaceful rest”"\n  - name: "Milena"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Great place, very nice pool, beautiful garden - that of the camping as well as that with the restaurant. The camping is spacious and very well organized. I loved the view tower in the middle. The staff is friendly, nice and helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostal-legjenda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail is evident in every room, each equipped with a private bathroom and shower, ensuring privacy and convenience. Select accommodations also feature a kitchen, complete with a fridge, catering to those who prefer a more homely feel during their travels.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a fusion of Italian, Mediterranean, and Pizza cuisines takes center stage. The menu is inclusive, offering vegetarian, dairy-free, and vegan options, ensuring every guest finds something to satisfy their palate.

For those seeking adventure or simply wishing to connect with nature, Hotel Legjenda is perfectly positioned. Guests can immerse themselves in a variety of activities, including hiking, fishing, and cycling, exploring the natural beauty that surrounds Shkodër.

Convenience is key, with Podgorica Airport located just 62 km away, making Hotel Legjenda an accessible haven for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Shkodër.