---\ntitle: "Hotel Majestic"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Hotel Majestic, a gem just a stone's throw away from its exclusive sandy beach, complete with the comfort of sun loungers and parasols for that perfect seaside retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292714682.jpg?k=95146ee07dbc88ed9f2c1fb604caaa22e51422092e6b5b15438b6eb4484448be&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-majestic\naddress: "Rruga Durrës - Plepa, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28450642\n  lng: 19.51103747\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1446\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292714682.jpg?k=95146ee07dbc88ed9f2c1fb604caaa22e51422092e6b5b15438b6eb4484448be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467578151.jpg?k=cab6efe286cdc43053414f12a72f5e73d57d1c34bf340c77b4fa14d4e2c867a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327292912.jpg?k=bc1c3fea5f24a79025694e798dcfec9a5d58b7161bdd1f08dd3a0734e285a943&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467578153.jpg?k=fe18d2c13d733d667407672071e5e4a9baa8ad19f0634188255f631b8415ed94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/327292924.jpg?k=4a0d6e1be10a4f1456c295162b99d8c26e5bad6dde1662f7e4b933fd9c63cdea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/11069240.jpg?k=f8df793ba88393e5258bc2d8fab97964ee229e96b2d39f067e441d26fe8a0298&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room with Partial Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Family Junior Suite"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ask"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Reception staff was very helpful and polite.
Hotels stunning and seems to be renovated recently as seems so fresh and so clean.
Nice big beds very comfy
Great restaurant in the hotel too and a beach front location.”"\n  - name: "Lilly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel is nice and clean.Nice location with parking access and Sea View.
Friendly and respectful staff, specially the girl at the reception which name I didn’t catch when we checked in on the 16/1.”"\n  - name: "Wojciech"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Close to beach and lovely promenade with plenty restaurants”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/majestic.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room and suite at the Majestic is a haven of comfort, equipped with an LCD satellite TV and a mini-fridge for your convenience. Select accommodations also feature balconies that offer serene views of the swimming pool or the breathtaking Adriatic Sea, adding a touch of luxury to your stay.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's pizzeria restaurant, where guests can savor a blend of Mediterranean and Italian cuisine. For those looking to unwind, the hotel bar and the outdoor pool area offer the perfect setting for a relaxing drink in a laid-back atmosphere.

With complimentary parking available on-site, guests have the freedom to explore the surroundings at their leisure. The Majestic Hotel is conveniently located just 7 km from the historic center of Durrës, home to the ancient amphitheater, and a mere 30 km from the vibrant capital city of Tirana and its airport, making it an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration.

In summary, Hotel Majestic promises a memorable stay with its blend of convenience, comfort, and access to stunning natural beauty, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway by the sea.