---\ntitle: "Hotel Nika Radhime"\ndescription: "Hotel Nika Radhime emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Radhimë Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475558195.jpg?k=faf014092e2e32ee2667a94a7230c9aeaf2b5bfaeb9c0a829c1449deec1b0c1a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-nika-radhime\naddress: "Rruga Nikaj, 9426 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.35983054\n  lng: 19.48155999\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 7.7\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475558195.jpg?k=faf014092e2e32ee2667a94a7230c9aeaf2b5bfaeb9c0a829c1449deec1b0c1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474858313.jpg?k=21a0b4b55e98db7386aacfda4d97d171b8b61236a1bc6ee31a9ba1678ba4ca3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474858388.jpg?k=a0a48ba8717197b9e774f3351d681946367fa546ce7fa97f1c6993187ea594f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481570840.jpg?k=22887cc1849ceefefa4b9af116c17a6abc732fa344dcd81fcff92a8692642085&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74231646.jpg?k=39a5eb4cb8e13d1fb6505c6f2353c3106177e15e606881b0c07f83a2b6d3f8cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74231922.jpg?k=9c276e4713e5bc7b80d15f7b992920f24f9a3777131b3144e002af34f480e8c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474858385.jpg?k=cdd1c015861bc6d9f5cd406f615f2c887e4a12d2edda93dc3fdbf3c96207f906&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474858339.jpg?k=de434b49c7e13a6956099eeade4d24fbe4911a46eb4cd8e2381b657f9eafe8e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474858331.jpg?k=e7ca09bb4be299c77ab93492939677a61ff8c4627826fc8b270d67f9af4e60e3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Visi 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Portokallja 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 9 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Kevi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 12 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kodra"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The beach was very close. Armando and Mrs. Vera are wonderful.”"\n  - name: "Francesco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“It was perfect! It’s very clean, located in the village next to Vlore. Vera is so nice and welcoming. The staff were so accommodating. It was a really nice place to stay.”"\n  - name: "Leonor"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very close to the sea, very nice and helpful staff. Vera, the owner, made everything possible to make our stay confortable. Easy to arrive and park. The restaurant is good and with good price.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/house-nika-horizonti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Nika Radhime are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary toiletries in the private bathroom. For an added touch of luxury, select rooms offer balconies, providing guests with their own private vista to enjoy the surrounding beauty. The attention to detail extends to the provision of quality bed linen, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

Beyond the comforts of the hotel, guests will find themselves conveniently located near Al Breeze Beach and Kevi Beach, both within easy reach for those eager to explore the local coastline. Cultural landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square are also accessible, located just 14 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and heritage of the area.

For travelers arriving from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 163 km from the hotel, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure a smooth transition to this coastal retreat.

Hotel Nika Radhime stands out as a distinguished destination for those in pursuit of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their stay in Vlorë.