---\ntitle: "Hotel Enkelana"\ndescription: "Enkelana Hotel, positioned directly on the shores of Ohrid Lake in Pogradec, presents guests with the luxury of a private beach, ensuring an exclusive lakeside retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269502559.jpg?k=ca7ba2da752e51ddaaf1aef1fd562911d344e60085fe85d927dd2ba2c76505b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-enkelana\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Collaku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90286\n  lng: 20.658402\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 541\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 7.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269502559.jpg?k=ca7ba2da752e51ddaaf1aef1fd562911d344e60085fe85d927dd2ba2c76505b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342426401.jpg?k=1907e7fc4baf0f387a9b8e6a9f3409bd6cc231bc4bda7afa322c3650b69ca09f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342426441.jpg?k=eea175b2eaa083d5b593cd8fd935b0fe167b0d7194234ef4a994823e80ed49d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148272565.jpg?k=d98e13f7ce63b98a598f19e86d70f746b809a7d104d6e42932f54c4a0b9b262b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309315733.jpg?k=0bfc094d673e1e090fc599fe56495ccb5f7553548d5d04572314ff65960dcaeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309310696.jpg?k=10f05260e1cdce036fb3475a61e376034447989c9b7d7bf532c26d49eda0de44&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Suite with Lake View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Summer longue 40 m"\n  - "Friends Bar and Grill 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Good location and nice big room, we travelled with young children and they loved the rooms and the TV channels. They also used the pool which they loved.”"\n  - name: "Ildishan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was good!
Room was clean and spacious!
Very quiet!
The staff when we checked in and out were very friendly and helped a lot. Makes you feel good when people go above and beyond to help you!”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had a wonderful two bed suite with 180 degree views of the lake. Stunning and plenty of room for 4 of us.
Great location on the waterfront.
Terraces are lovely”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/enkelana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nThis esteemed establishment boasts a dedicated restaurant and bar and provides guests with the comfort of air-conditioned rooms, each featuring its own balcony. 

Connectivity is a breeze with complimentary in-room WiFi, and entertainment is guaranteed with satellite TV in all accommodations. 

Convenience is further enhanced by including private bathrooms with showers in every room. 

Additionally, guests benefit from complimentary private parking, adding ease to every stay at Enkelana Hotel.