---\ntitle: "Hotel Haxhiu"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Hotel Haxhiu, a cozy establishment that promises comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144132246.jpg?k=d4f4de54cbee290964becb03731574ac8d492f998588c6eafb963115cd9ff74a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-haxhiu\naddress: "RR. QEMAL STAFA NR 391, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33486618\n  lng: 19.83356346\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 275\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 7.6\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 6.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144132246.jpg?k=d4f4de54cbee290964becb03731574ac8d492f998588c6eafb963115cd9ff74a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144123754.jpg?k=95faf2cac50ab2b387508fdb8609af899bcf5ef07ee57855e4438bb09e2cb281&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144127768.jpg?k=19dc4503d4c970e84aa42a1ecd4919ee436ef407a78a7afb468ef5e90c1dcbe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144132271.jpg?k=1a99a5c269478b21561bb26345d5a432e4598c0abca3aa04e2216ac4c438fcd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144132286.jpg?k=b9ce47a4e4215d4d7f67be9b5506e7f65cdab6907cd3664ca995678a5ed5208e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144127589.jpg?k=3cadeb064710ed0e9a323c3b2869b0d219dcd828a5b787373942aa73adbca953&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Twin Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kruja 20 m"\n  - "City Light 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Przybylak"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Good location, short walk from the centre of Tirana
The owner is very nice and so is his staff. They were willing to show us the way to the nearest shop even in the late evening. Rooms are cozy and fair for their price”"\n  - name: "Juxhina"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“We had a great time at this place. Very kind and helpful staff. The location is also good- in a quiet area of Tirana. Highly recommended :)”"\n  - name: "Olusola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly owner,very clean room, and big and also in a very great location.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/haxhiu.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nHotel Haxhiu boasts air-conditioned rooms, each thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a restful stay. Guests will find each room complete with a television, fresh bed linen, and towels, alongside a private bathroom that adds a touch of privacy and ease to their stay.

The hotel's prime location places guests within easy reach of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views of the city from above, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. Additionally, the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, the historical Tanners' Bridge, and the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre are all conveniently located nearby, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local scene.

With a commitment to guest satisfaction, Hotel Haxhiu provides a range of services including a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, room service, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a seamless and hassle-free experience from check-in to departure.

For travelers seeking a comfortable and conveniently located accommodation in Tirana, Hotel Haxhiu stands out as an excellent choice. Whether in town for business or leisure, guests will find this hotel a welcoming retreat after a day of exploration. Just a short drive from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, it's an ideal spot for both short stays and longer visits, offering a glimpse into the heart of Albania's captivating capital.