---\ntitle: "Hotel Restaurant Natyra e Qetë"\ndescription: "Hotel Restaurant Natyra e Qetë emerges as a serene oasis in Lezhë, situated a mere 35 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477924683.jpg?k=12fc56e420eed4b371c2362afe2c4320bdff2b09c1b7573f74d412f093b4ee4c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-restaurant-natyra-e-qet\naddress: "Rruga Kuvendi i Arbërit, 4500 Lezhë, Albania"\ncity: "Lezhë"\nlocation: "Lezhë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.79990734\n  lng: 19.66443636\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 76\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477924683.jpg?k=12fc56e420eed4b371c2362afe2c4320bdff2b09c1b7573f74d412f093b4ee4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476976495.jpg?k=2107cb46de802d327add6db32a7c43f1b1316b07fe9083ab92f2e29c1b7962f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477089385.jpg?k=c0559615d676c43d9f05f6ff2b613f4ea9e95942bf61743bbb69effd907def30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477923568.jpg?k=7523299bfceae00eaecde3ab0af9d54e92f353ec731011883de459ca24413fb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476976397.jpg?k=1fdceda034fab8d852a5ca6824c23abd8e22a48f182aeb1f0d2eb5734c2b2513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477089391.jpg?k=1ff8468632a3c8ba34cb669b082ffad47572b6bfc5fcf6190821913e94d17f90&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Pool View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Castle View"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Natyra e Qetë 9 m"\n  - "Bujtina e Gjelit 2.3 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 5 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 6 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 7 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 41 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dominik"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“very nice and perfect hotel, staff was very accommodating”"\n  - name: "Nadine"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Beautiful location. Rooms were clean and spacious. Pool and dining were perfect. Breakfast was delicious. Staff were so welcoming. Highly recommend the accommodation and restaurant for dinner.”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Best location we stayed in Albania. The staff is very attentive and the food in the restaurant was very nice. Good pool and relaxing atmosphere. The room we had was tasteful, large and modern with a nice balcony.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/restaurant-natyra-e-qete.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Restaurant Natyra e Qetë are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is furnished with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for guests' entertainment. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding to the comfort of the stay. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms boast a patio, offering a perfect spot to relax and soak in the surroundings. Convenience is further enhanced with the inclusion of a fridge in every unit, ensuring refreshments are always at hand.

Situated just 37 km from the tranquil Lake Skadar and 47 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel's location makes it an ideal base for exploring the region or for those in transit. Hotel Restaurant Natyra e Qetë stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a peaceful retreat with all the comforts of home, set against the backdrop of Lezhë's captivating landscapes.