---\ntitle: "Hotel Gjilani"\ndescription: "Hotel Gjilani stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana, located just a short distance from the city's key attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910312.jpg?k=813764d44458bd9b0d50939da2c3e170c62066b761f55ac1e56fcdefe2499831&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-gjilani\naddress: "Rr. Ilia Xhokaxhi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3461014\n  lng: 19.83722895\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 4.8\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 4.8\n  location: 5\n  cleanliness: 3.8\n  facilities: 5\n  value: 5\n  comfort: 5\n  staff: 5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910312.jpg?k=813764d44458bd9b0d50939da2c3e170c62066b761f55ac1e56fcdefe2499831&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910493.jpg?k=8744eb0785aaef23330b972dcf9a1c1f74a153bd011d32a9bd8c45c430dadc52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910381.jpg?k=680c1c3f7433ae7ced26245877b47c6df13620e18f8a307aff3af7a0ecf0d769&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910330.jpg?k=d9cb5e41e002123b433de4c867f59709fe8c391bffcc6477a0c347a38817e980&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910491.jpg?k=82049b9e942e697cc3ca45f5aad3cdaa87e12424ef137fa77bcd2abf7f17a5c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183910331.jpg?k=20805c8791784014b1177f29b1c28fe2185763e3d1e3c4896aae9f42e66e1a3e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Jacky 50 m"\n  - "Sweet Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gjilani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Gjilani are greeted with a range of thoughtful amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts a welcoming shared lounge, complimentary private parking, and the convenience of a restaurant and bar on-site. To ensure a seamless experience, a 24-hour front desk, airport transfer services, room service, and free WiFi throughout the property are available.

The accommodations at Hotel Gjilani are crafted with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a restful and enjoyable stay. The private bathrooms come complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra touch of convenience.

Mornings at Hotel Gjilani start with a delightful continental breakfast, providing the perfect beginning to a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to cultural landmarks, such as the Bunk'Art 1 Museum and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, both approximately 2.5 km away, makes it an ideal base for guests wishing to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Located just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Gjilani offers both accessibility and a tranquil retreat for those visiting the vibrant city of Tirana. Whether in town for business or leisure, guests will find this hotel to be a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and attentive service.