---\ntitle: "Hotel Vila Mano"\ndescription: "Hotel Vila Mano stands as a testament to the elegance and charm of Korçë, located just a stone's throw away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum, both approximately 44 km away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487028855.jpg?k=0dede253a7aae092fbf112fce2eef5479195b4aa8a079f79932f6d965b192552&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-vila-mano\naddress: "Rruga\" Mihal Grameno\", Nr 38, Lagjia 3, Korce, Albania, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61402761\n  lng: 20.78251934\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 90\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487028855.jpg?k=0dede253a7aae092fbf112fce2eef5479195b4aa8a079f79932f6d965b192552&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102551615.jpg?k=613e9cda53bd58e135d8ace84cce4ac9060e1b43b60cfca12b6821a583549453&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102550153.jpg?k=58d222743ad2685faf8ebd3c7d3d73e223e70e73dfff547d81013240b299e9ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106946020.jpg?k=518829510b50721394de0568e90a01797c7f97ced16b8b8f32aeda0e1f8bd081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452133715.jpg?k=c6dc63bb115dcc312021c1108499ec711b785df403209d384050d7cf52841fb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426120204.jpg?k=616dee59318ea3fe3a9fe808d286447efe0a49b956e6dd13509167081a31b0b7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Standard Queen Room"\n  - "Superior Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Paris 100 m"\n  - "Billiard Place 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 150 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 500 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very central location
Good selection of food for breakfast
Very helpful owner Excellent value for money”"\n  - name: "Fedra"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The villa is located in on of the best neighbourhoods in Korçe. The Villa offers great service and the breakfast is delicious. You will enjoy your stay at Villa Mano and all it has to offer”"\n  - name: "Munar"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very helpful stagg, gave a lot of information about the city. Big and clean room. Close to the center. Very good breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mano.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nUpon entering the hotel, guests are greeted by a welcoming 24-hour front desk, ready to cater to their needs at any hour. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the provision of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, allowing visitors to stay connected with ease.

The accommodations at Hotel Vila Mano are thoughtfully designed, featuring work desks for those needing to attend to business matters. Each room is equipped with a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. For entertainment and comfort, a flat-screen TV and air conditioning are standard in all rooms, with select accommodations offering the added luxury of a balcony. A fridge in every unit adds a touch of convenience, making it easy for guests to store snacks and beverages.

Mornings at Hotel Vila Mano are greeted with a delightful continental breakfast, providing the perfect fuel for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those seeking leisure activities within the hotel's premises, a game of darts can offer a fun diversion, while bike hire services invite guests to venture out and discover the local area on two wheels.

Situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Hotel Vila Mano is an accessible retreat for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of Korçë. With its blend of historical charm, modern comforts, and attentive service, this hotel promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.