---\ntitle: "Hotel villa Petro Dhërmi"\ndescription: "Hotel Villa Petro Dhërmi stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering breathtaking sea views from its accommodations, each boasting a balcony that promises a serene retreat just 200 meters from the shimmering sands of Dhermi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261922422.jpg?k=b15bb2c41425f2493eee7a8364acdf123217c9c728341e2a70f611217ebfd7ab&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-villa-petro-dh-rmi\naddress: "Rruga e Kampit SH8, 1006 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.146011\n  lng: 19.63429034\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 254\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261922422.jpg?k=b15bb2c41425f2493eee7a8364acdf123217c9c728341e2a70f611217ebfd7ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359940530.jpg?k=08162534511590530885248cc829314e762ff911cf1ef37c8b877b9268b1d4fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356487164.jpg?k=753dcb7d1fbfa2dc5d31b12e84f629ef96e953540dc7271cd01a60b1aa25a7bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321054497.jpg?k=3096af8aec93edadca08587a0aa3a52aff952c6c3a21e9bfea87e831f1764455&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/261922364.jpg?k=74f956949fc2740e8056d03d36a052e9beed953ad8e2ac8796c1da4d22f591e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321054487.jpg?k=e7ead09439e2336f210ade8d856ed21dd79fc9dd235ce16aaa3355c54c282741&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Emy 40 m"\n  - "Piratet 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Dhermi Beach 200 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 4.3 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 4.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 64 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It’s a very beautiful place with friendly people.very clean and comfort.”"\n  - name: "Malgorzata"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hotel is very close to the beach, next to the nice restaurant. Very comfy beds, big room with the view and balcony.
Pedro took us to the bus station on the last day for free:) He also bought me medication for motion sickness (I also was not...”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Basic room, but with good air con, tv and bar fridge. Very close to the beach and restaurants. Petro the owner was super helpful and drove me up to the bus stop when I left Dhermi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-nino.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room, a sanctuary of relaxation, is outfitted with a private bathroom featuring a refreshing shower, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights. Select accommodations also include a seating area, offering a cozy nook for guests to unwind. The convenience of in-room refrigeration allows visitors to keep beverages and snacks chilled to perfection.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Hotel Villa Petro Dhërmi invites guests to savor moments of leisure and relaxation at its on-site coffee shop, perfect for starting the day with a freshly brewed cup. For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to every whim.

The guest house doesn't stop at indoor comforts; it extends its hospitality outdoors with a sun-drenched terrace and an inviting outdoor fireplace, creating the perfect ambiance for evening relaxation under the stars.

Situated 161 km from Ioannina Airport, Hotel Villa Petro Dhërmi offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and captivating views, making it a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay along the Albanian Riviera.