---\ntitle: "Hotel Hymeti's Palace"\ndescription: "Hotel Hymeti's Palace stands as a beacon of luxury in Pogradec, a mere stone's throw from the serene Lake Ohrid."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418968669.jpg?k=1cde70f92fe775192da8caa0dcecdefc5fc3ea27d012fa83bfed1c2e0f91d8d4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-hymeti-s-palace\naddress: "Rruga Fan S. Noli, 7300 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90257428\n  lng: 20.6571722\nprice: "US$92"\npriceFrom: 92\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 180\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418968669.jpg?k=1cde70f92fe775192da8caa0dcecdefc5fc3ea27d012fa83bfed1c2e0f91d8d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418945365.jpg?k=1b78b6a19f202aecd2ab747760b5ba633ddc2fdd79b9541d03dfc21189f42cf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418954280.jpg?k=4e6cb93f187efb0dbe2d7b44c940b26101a12d0566637b837d250f03026d5d7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418952708.jpg?k=d0e62ab3086062b8b2a259911daff5125721eea8859d946e423e60c2c44f52ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418947075.jpg?k=245e676d1f58977533951873f07092c5b3e1f2e214a9f13cfecab0e22e180c67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/418960715.jpg?k=2741b53b2a85e594221c73d1abfa69de29858f00b2dd4c9c00f4d3f5c7dec788&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Executive Suite"\n  - "Presidential Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "King Suite"\n  - "Superior King Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Special 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Tradita 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great location of the hotel - right in the center. Very helpful and friendly staff. Rich breakfast. Unconventional design of the rooms.The room was clean.”"\n  - name: "Erik"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Cozy rooms. Good pillows. You can eat and drink in their own restaurant, really good prices! Location was perfect! 1min from the boulevard. Would recommend to everyone to book here if you want to enjoy your time in Pogradec.”"\n  - name: "Jurgen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice location & an amazing staff make up for the beautiful view of the city”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hymeti-39-s-palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nEach room in Hotel Hymeti's Palace is a testament to comfort and sophistication, boasting air conditioning and a flat-screen TV for the ultimate relaxation. For those seeking a little extra space, select accommodations include a cozy seating area. The allure of nature is never far away, with some rooms offering breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and lake, ensuring a picturesque start and end to every day. The private bathrooms are a haven of cleanliness and luxury, complete with a bidet, soft bathrobes, slippers, and complimentary toiletries for a touch of pampering.

For the adventurous at heart, Hotel Hymeti's Palace provides bike and car rental services, making exploration of the local area both convenient and enjoyable. The hotel becomes a vibrant hub of entertainment on weekends, hosting live music events that promise to enchant guests.

The area around the hotel is a playground for those who love the outdoors, with diving and cycling among the popular activities that allow guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of Pogradec.

In summary, Hotel Hymeti's Palace is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a blend of relaxation, luxury, and adventure, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking an unforgettable experience by Lake Ohrid.