---\ntitle: "Hotel Kloest"\ndescription: "Hotel Kloest emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400125903.jpg?k=6c4325e2bbfd70653a086a66a482288a1782f9f8e24ebf820ca706789d86ac59&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kloest\naddress: "Rruga At Erazmi, 1010 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31020812\n  lng: 19.44762425\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1072\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400125903.jpg?k=6c4325e2bbfd70653a086a66a482288a1782f9f8e24ebf820ca706789d86ac59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224115428.jpg?k=467cf64a77adebbcb25eed166923491b501e0a512837c6fa362e6551b7ab0f0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224115644.jpg?k=e03f38c95c5a183d07933d1c4dea8300e0c9c621ba530dd0c9ac43c72940fa66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224116001.jpg?k=02e6b99d4ff49ae252e21e3e404a5af5d95d41639bc44b0a20ecdf67e07892a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214590964.jpg?k=c6477f53cb606fd3e9f2e37790757993667e171bfd776f06e67e3820257f5f5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/229363445.jpg?k=b3bafaf4776a2d3f63e52c4a8ed7af977b92043be1d985c214674333d36ae118&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/224115530.jpg?k=f67df6a1936fd83fa3a00b43d462e8c3f70a0258d6fc0219266049b48fea994a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214517813.jpg?k=fad76724a91dfd0057266cbda4a6a3069b5ed6f2938464c2d807ee33b542aa40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214517767.jpg?k=9942530830c65bedac91b5babf640c302b5dd1e2dbc24e84f0c13c6373dee6d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Suite with City View"\n  - "Executive Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fly Bar 40 m"\n  - "New Amsterdam 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 250 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 300 m"\n  - "1. Maj 450 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 850 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Tea making facilities available in the room. Great location with sea views. Staff were very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Vincent"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Very well located, close to the city centre and the seaside. Nice welcome of the staff who was helpful with us. Nice room, quiet with the beautiful sound of the church bells in the morning.”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“We booked an executive room so it was quite spacious. The hotel was in a quiet but convenient place near the attractions and within walking distance to restaurants etc. The owner was a delight and the staff were very friendly and caring. The bed...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kloest.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodation at Hotel Kloest is not just about a place to rest; it's about experiencing Durrës with ease. The hotel boasts a restaurant, free private parking, a bar, and a shared lounge, creating a perfect blend of privacy and community spaces. The 24-hour front desk, room service, and currency exchange facilities underscore the hotel's commitment to guest convenience and satisfaction.

Morning risers are treated to a delightful start with buffet and Full English/Irish breakfast options, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those in town for business, Hotel Kloest doesn’t disappoint, offering ironing services along with fax and photocopying facilities to ensure that business needs are met with the same level of excellence as leisure pursuits.

Situated a short distance from significant landmarks, the hotel is only 450 meters from the Durres Amphitheatre and 11 km from the Rock of Kavaje, making it an ideal base for guests eager to explore the historical and cultural offerings of the area. For further convenience, the property is located 32.9 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ease travel worries.

Hotel Kloest stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is crafted to enhance the guest experience, making it a top recommendation for those visiting Durrës.