---\ntitle: "Hotel PANORAMA Kruje view on the castle and the old town"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Krujë from a prime location at Hotel PANORAMA Kruje, where modern comforts meet the rich history of this captivating town."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526275878.jpg?k=d776ab9d9eb1cd5bd5e7968d9fc342d25c6eaf24b536b42a906309842f15f9c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-panorama-kruje-view-on-the-castle-and-the-old-town\naddress: "Str Kala, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.51011988\n  lng: 19.79418755\nprice: "US$89"\npriceFrom: 89\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2205\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526275878.jpg?k=d776ab9d9eb1cd5bd5e7968d9fc342d25c6eaf24b536b42a906309842f15f9c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/42144222.jpg?k=6ce19db5550c41d93e337b139d12b528dc3970e7877f88a63d65bab118dccd89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440171788.jpg?k=c62d72f71d87a99b0c98afb5394c3e833e442770fae65a585e510fb5d1cc907b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233197963.jpg?k=d30cca02c4995c67609069426443333d6685218600cef1deded3420d498285e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103473050.jpg?k=a60482efc69c4e0b5d8103d42a1e142c21495cef0b2e6ce9a2284b6f9e5ea0c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286942270.jpg?k=49d53283fa6bd50e188f814529d8056beb4965f4a0b296882f3907c4c33903cc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Double Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Standard Family Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Spa Bath and Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Economy Triple Room with Panoramic Balcony"\n  - "Standard Triple Room with Panoramic Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Panorama 40 m"\n  - "Deal 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 18 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 20 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 20 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilya"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good hotel, fantastic view and stuff. Also I can recommend hotel’s restaurant, where we have my wife birthday. Rooms is good for families, but bit small and furniture is old. General all is great.”"\n  - name: "Sanelad"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Hotel Panorama is our favourite place to stay whenever we go to Albania, for the last 10 years. They are keeping their quality on high level, always improving something.
Best regards to the wonderful staff, and see you soon!”"\n  - name: "Silvio"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“Comfortable hotel, very well located with parking facilities, restaurant and kind staff. Very nice view from the balcony.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panorama-kruje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel PANORAMA Kruje is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a desk, a wardrobe, and a private bathroom with a shower. Select rooms also boast a balcony, offering guests a private space to enjoy the serene views of the surrounding area.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, the heart of Krujë awaits exploration. The town center is bustling with life, offering an array of grocery shops, fresh food markets, and a variety of restaurants. For those keen on delving into the local culture, the Etnographic Museum and the museum dedicated to the national hero Gjegj Kastriot Skenderbeu are just a short stroll away, promising an insightful peek into Albania's rich heritage.

Convenience is key at Hotel PANORAMA Kruje, with the Main Bus Station located merely 250 meters from the hotel, ensuring easy access to and from the property. For guests traveling by air, Tirana Airport is 20 km away, with the hotel offering transfer services upon request at an additional cost.

In summary, Hotel PANORAMA Kruje offers a perfect blend of historical charm and modern amenities, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking to experience the true essence of Krujë.