---\ntitle: "Hotel Esmerald Ksamil"\ndescription: "Hotel Esmerald Ksamil emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511533338.jpg?k=0961ea7788f0d546ed75d4d86344080c817bbb9fd1fc3ad2b9881959a4711490&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-esmerald-ksamil\naddress: "Road Riviera Ksamil Number Building 155, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76714084\n  lng: 19.99794585\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 221\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511533338.jpg?k=0961ea7788f0d546ed75d4d86344080c817bbb9fd1fc3ad2b9881959a4711490&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371040955.jpg?k=c6c8e775e9fae792e5c73e75d89398f217b1ec40b4d25530ae19255ffd769163&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371040954.jpg?k=6d32ef8cb1ebef8f64c00860537015c391f4d6c9d736c50a1aebf58b623c90c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371014283.jpg?k=337b5f1c020b5484be0b06374c54c0e80470f6604a922b45c144833b1540602a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371014247.jpg?k=6f1b33a472e7baa223f99480efbd89f240edbd829c7563c458b7499723832cb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474964756.jpg?k=93de9960e4c71b596178f0bbe71f2bb6c1c2568a69734706183da5b290137c37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371014284.jpg?k=179966de55122a0b83762b62e5e57121286b7dceef28e0e852b2357e6bdb4685&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371014288.jpg?k=505fd1112dc46d9f76c1606ab8453a5920209b41cd3346baa311180e31122d06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371040966.jpg?k=e4d90ed68103eaf4a75d023460ffab13c5a150f898626439ad11b94e0c9e5be4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371273523.jpg?k=9ef6a5acb2fb30ed97943133f1317f1b14f608a42bac65165bac573689b579fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371273536.jpg?k=f6572f6742a8a43d546a80e52a303e532dfafd570527390abbda8ba31a9d07f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371273535.jpg?k=cd7ace5cb0a2d5f5d62f4faff1f8097a6773d74f60fc482a8c9a51e1498c5813&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Visit Ksamil 20 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Oxhaku 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 40 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Izsak"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“We had a great stay here. Good wifi, great location, clean rooms! Hospitable people! Everything was perfect!!! Great underground parking”"\n  - name: "Izsak"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The property was across the beach and it had a beautiful view!!! Very clean and tidy. Also we had underground parking wich was perfect because the sun was very bright and it was too hot to leave the car in the sun. Andddd the wifi worked great!!!”"\n  - name: "Gianmarco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I liked so much the kindness and availability of Ardi (the owner of the hotel). He is TOP. In all the things😊.
He is so young and enterprising.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/esmerald-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi throughout their stay. The hotel prides itself on its impeccable service, featuring room service and a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs around the clock. Families will find solace in the thoughtfully designed family rooms, ensuring a comfortable stay for all.

Accommodations at Hotel Esmerald Ksamil are designed with guest comfort in mind, boasting a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment, and a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and a bidet. Select rooms offer captivating city views from the privacy of a balcony, creating the perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening unwind. The essence of convenience is captured in every room, all of which are air-conditioned and include a desk for those needing to stay productive.

Guests can start their day on the right note with a choice of a buffet or continental breakfast, offering a variety of options to suit every palate. The hotel's prime location places guests within a leisurely stroll from Paradise Beach, merely 400 meters away, and Lori Beach, just 500 meters from the doorstep. For those looking to explore beyond, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 92 km away, making Hotel Esmerald Ksamil an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

Hotel Esmerald Ksamil stands out as a top choice for those seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil, combining the warmth of hospitality with the comforts of home.