---\ntitle: "Hotel Theatro- City Center"\ndescription: "Hotel Theatro- City Center emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349455822.jpg?k=0ac19a229ae8c26080ec5771779d487d23df185c5561ce2ab707a4f561072148&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-theatro-city-center\naddress: "street 'Mihal Duri' nr 2, Tirane, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32856859\n  lng: 19.81332002\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2233\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349455822.jpg?k=0ac19a229ae8c26080ec5771779d487d23df185c5561ce2ab707a4f561072148&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505058775.jpg?k=4fe025a8f990801688c932f187f3ae039f66e95eb9e8858cb26d164d486ff3af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349458006.jpg?k=446cf585ba085e01fc48a5839c3819724cc856c30e36c0822f0018c8a74e53a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349457810.jpg?k=98d2293c1b2dc3b319b179a2cf93218a07906abd97e5f8623e6e5a736e2edec4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349983889.jpg?k=b80ef24b0e5f0d193221d8c3665f4425146d2028bf1d5adc65ddd6ccbd469105&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349456013.jpg?k=6a8e923a54e4f5865de35cc082f1061d9d9953680c560d2038d810776ad4cff3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349456005.jpg?k=ddfdc2648d89ebe2f144316e18de9114d072b16a144701273ccb76701d7d6291&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244725474.jpg?k=1fd7291512c8d9ba2a3997c2e03dfa8d909fccf1d5a58eef6aef958b3bcadd05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244723408.jpg?k=632f51d59c664e55b8821821c40a08dd894664b5310dd1c5dbaebafd32dc9952&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Gusto Bistro 10 m"\n  - "Kodrina & Bar 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ling"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very friendly and helpful staff. They do their best to fulfil guest's needs. I am impressed by their passion. Breakfast is good, although the choice cannot compete with international brand hotels. The Wifi speed in the hotel is satisfactory.”"\n  - name: "Armend"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Very clean and great location, value for the money with perfect breakfast
🫶”"\n  - name: "Ashleigh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were really pleasant and helpful, also the cleaner did an amazing job and the room was immaculate every single day.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/theatro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its comprehensive services, including complimentary private parking, a welcoming terrace, a restaurant serving a variety of culinary delights, and a bar perfect for evening relaxation. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the provision of a concierge service, luggage storage, a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, room service, and free WiFi throughout the premises.

Accommodations at Hotel Theatro- City Center are thoughtfully designed to ensure a comfortable and restful experience. Each room is furnished with a desk, a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hairdryer. For added luxury, select rooms offer balconies, allowing guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space. Attention to detail is apparent with the inclusion of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

Located a convenient 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Theatro- City Center stands out as a premier choice for both business and leisure travelers. Its blend of excellent location, superior facilities, and dedicated service makes it a compelling option for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.