---\ntitle: "Hotel Ceka"\ndescription: "Hotel Ceka stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368662324.jpg?k=c8c5f8ac729565915f1da2cb8e89d1c1016df17351fcf589e317f924f807aab3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-ceka\naddress: "Rruga Mbreteresha Teuta, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31219576\n  lng: 19.44022715\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 1\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 189\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368662324.jpg?k=c8c5f8ac729565915f1da2cb8e89d1c1016df17351fcf589e317f924f807aab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477617578.jpg?k=62848dff470e976f945324e6598348da9b80514baf3ae9d346d9892171c2cb7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474631653.jpg?k=b29624b0af905cb7dcb184e399a329efb252cdac907dfd4ab3d9ec2d19d1ec53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147394500.jpg?k=9c99113031041ce8477fa7e6e1b7d36c9ded67c60eecfff3d4095f0fba756f0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109719429.jpg?k=7cce6cec153e80a89ce18bae93f650c8aaac661c2bc130c9b905eb9bbac9fc7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/157335584.jpg?k=b869c01d45dfbdc7cdbdd626c5726e44d7b14e47468f5d749f71f9d2a21071db&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Millefiori 100 m"\n  - "Trattoria la Famiglia 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 200 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 950 m"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 200 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 400 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 900 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sanela"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Location is perfect. Walking distance to heritage as well as see facility.
Lovely coffee place for morning coffe. Staff are friendly.”"\n  - name: "Anja"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“I like property
Near to centar and confortable
Hosts are so helpful and lovely
They do this hosting with love
Man who works in hotel is grate he bring us breakfast with love In all Albanian coast they were the most honest and lovely hosts
I wish...”"\n  - name: "Thom"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We spoke to the son of the owner, he was very nice and showed us around the hotel and told us about the history of Durrës. The room was clean and had a beautiful view.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ceka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Pet-Friendly Stays"\nbestCategories: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\ncategory: "Pet-Friendly Stays"\n---\n\nFor those looking to explore the surroundings on two wheels, the hotel offers a bike hire service, making it easy to join the local cycling enthusiasts. Its location is particularly appealing for visitors interested in exploring the city's rich history and culture; the Port of Durrës is merely 2 km away, while the ancient Durrës Amphitheatre can be reached with a short 800-meter stroll.

Situated 33 km from Tirana Airport, Hotel Ceka serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers, offering a seamless experience from arrival to departure.