---\ntitle: "Hotel Kalemi 2"\ndescription: "Hotel Kalemi 2 stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214169986.jpg?k=378172b41affffe742f90dd7c9d5fd502ec26cfa8589d9b8e862c1aa1d0d0442&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-kalemi-2\naddress: "Rr \"Alqi Kondi\", Gjirokaster, Albania., 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07553199\n  lng: 20.13907671\nprice: "US$129"\npriceFrom: 129\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 780\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214169986.jpg?k=378172b41affffe742f90dd7c9d5fd502ec26cfa8589d9b8e862c1aa1d0d0442&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130002659.jpg?k=75be80954a49a286e1c349bea80f8045c23978651c11bad430302eb47f146780&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130003403.jpg?k=d39633ebe68ec6378eeb693911b28dedcd08d3ab686466a98a2e5ca14dc2531b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137406279.jpg?k=58fa704df47fa848d9c8f0f366def0fc50ca4f136fcdbe089eae8003a2f9e8f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130002660.jpg?k=f35ca41d5576d2050c4638b3f7083c0f0dbb8eb7f746f0a78df031c407fa26c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/120901384.jpg?k=62c73b9e5f1ba6e7a07028ad1323bb4b806bfa99c939716720e0563921a44ab9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Suite with Spa Bath"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Junior Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna 5 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Argjiro 30 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilona"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The property is near the top of the hill in old town and has helpful friendly staff. It is an easy walk to many restaurants, shops and the castle. The hotel rooms are comfortable and the wooden inlaid ceiling amazing! We had a view of the castle...”"\n  - name: "Jack"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was in a wonderful location in a lovely old stone building clean and comfortable room and very friendly and helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Emmanouil"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Marvelously innovated with emphasis to tradition of the area. The building itself was a centuries old house in the center of the old town. From your room you saw the old castle on the hill. Very rich traditional breakfast. Strong and quick Wi Fi....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kalemi-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Hotel Kalemi 2 are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a minibar, and a kettle for that much-needed morning brew. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms equipped with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient. Select rooms elevate the experience further with balconies offering captivating city views, inviting guests to soak in the ambiance of Gjirokastër from the privacy of their room.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi throughout their stay. The hotel's commitment to service is evident in its 24-hour front desk, room service, and the inclusion of bed linen and towels in every room, making for a hassle-free experience.

For those looking to unwind, the hotel's bar serves as a cozy retreat where guests can relax with a drink in hand. And when it's time to explore, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, just 83 km away, makes Hotel Kalemi 2 an ideal base for both local and international travelers seeking to discover the charms of Gjirokastër and beyond.

In summary, Hotel Kalemi 2 emerges as a top choice for travelers in search of a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, all set against the backdrop of one of the most picturesque locations in the region.