---\ntitle: "Hotel Orestiada"\ndescription: "Hotel Orestiada emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154088100.jpg?k=970bbf3d7f5bd0475e691dc2d5d510d7b4115996c6379210c2173954b5641646&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-orestiada\naddress: "Bulevardi Republic, 5000 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70203966\n  lng: 19.95713386\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 982\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154088100.jpg?k=970bbf3d7f5bd0475e691dc2d5d510d7b4115996c6379210c2173954b5641646&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153934192.jpg?k=90915ba5bfc9c39717e16629b922ffb7785381383f41534300a960fef79ce597&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153934196.jpg?k=c25d6c533ebb0f7e3b58215c1828f3f7a4986d9b7cf271dcc6a52fbdb050fe05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153934062.jpg?k=0b966b0f3419f632883b9c19ea0374a400b3cf05683809bf2150b82f68c71620&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153940098.jpg?k=6019d72989409d3f46bd1e7654f1ff3618ef3cd5667ce5ba57f317b1989e322a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153934171.jpg?k=d5e9b9a57a7b82ef073ea5f175fd730c9545e00ab47e32db1f90601bd69cb1b6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Korcare 50 m"\n  - "City Grill 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lorena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owners and the staff were very welcoming. The owner Mira made some delicious breakfast with homemade pancakes, jams and fresh juices. All the products were bio and fresh. Everything is close by as the hotel is right in the city centre. The...”"\n  - name: "Βασιλειος"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Excellent room, amazing breakfast and lovely staff!”"\n  - name: "Armela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything! The owner was super polite and friendly. The food was amazing and the room view was priceless.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/orestiada.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Hotel Orestiada is a haven of comfort, offering air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and private bathrooms, ensuring a restful and connected stay. For those who value productivity or simply wish to unwind, rooms are thoughtfully equipped with desks and flat-screen TVs. Select accommodations also boast captivating city views, adding a touch of charm to the stay. The convenience of in-room refrigerators further enhances the guest experience, providing a home-like comfort.

Morning starts on a high note at Hotel Orestiada with a choice of buffet or continental breakfast, catering to diverse tastes and preferences. This delightful offering ensures guests are well-fueled for their adventures in Berat.

Understanding the needs of its guests, Hotel Orestiada offers valuable services including free private parking and a paid airport shuttle, making travel arrangements seamless. The reception is a treasure trove of local knowledge, ready to assist guests in navigating the area's attractions.

Situated 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Hotel Orestiada presents an accessible retreat for both international visitors and those traveling within Albania. This hotel stands out as a prime selection for those seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and attentive service in Berat.