---\ntitle: "Hotel Fama"\ndescription: "Hotel Fama stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475684279.jpg?k=56bb397d87de8a0c7d37c89dc2838b8b247507d18b8ffc9321217d2bf7fe7fae&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: hotel-fama\naddress: "76GM8+X2G ,QUARKU I DURRËSIT, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28489517\n  lng: 19.51505615\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 133\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475684279.jpg?k=56bb397d87de8a0c7d37c89dc2838b8b247507d18b8ffc9321217d2bf7fe7fae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662348.jpg?k=caefe039ab879da0fe71ce0bd744f8131bcc4ec984b438a57b5b089e07c71f96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662216.jpg?k=d15904a7b917a0c0db68cfa4a865c420050c2d98a31f3657c27fe31e0db1ac8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516165921.jpg?k=1d78b83ef39a6c3757b9aa144a2e4e5fbc0ce8edc12dbfe07c574545cfe6366e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662148.jpg?k=3bb6ce134d39aa6ba409c5e6bc69d2718a0c3bf2d684e3d8cd320416e7b2c591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662160.jpg?k=c9432ed37048cf5612216f907443020224eadd219745f1975549a6b188062521&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662167.jpg?k=0de39d92495826394b1563e6105d54cd0df49c83985490b70c4d7fe3d5641d1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662170.jpg?k=9fd4c1378b4d471025ae87c73ea82aecae867287eafb30bc8bd7b22a672978f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662178.jpg?k=1c9c92397f0fcefffa288ca2df7119e63f1b38650f58e584f2144bf01d80aebd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Riviera 200 m"\n  - "Kosova 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 400 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 500 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sula"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location near by the main road very clean and nice , the staff was very friendly for sure i will go again”"\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very clean and nice hotel, really kind owner. Hotel is 5 minutes by walk from beach. Free parking just Next to the entrance.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great rooms, very clean and spacious. newly renovated. Owner was super friendly and was speaking German!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/fama-durres4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Hotel Fama are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts a well-maintained garden, complimentary private parking, a welcoming terrace, and a lively bar, ensuring a blend of relaxation and entertainment. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the benefit of free WiFi throughout their stay. Moreover, the property prides itself on being allergy-free, catering to the comfort and well-being of every guest.

The accommodations at Hotel Fama are thoughtfully equipped to meet the needs of modern travelers. Each room features a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, complete with bed linen and towels for added convenience. For those who prefer the comforts of home, selected rooms come with a kitchenette, including a stovetop, perfect for preparing light meals. Additionally, air conditioning and a wardrobe are standard in all units, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Situated a mere 2.9 km from Golem Beach and within easy reach of Skanderbeg Square, Hotel Fama serves as an ideal base for guests looking to explore the wider region. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 35 km away, adds to the hotel's appeal for international travelers.

In summary, Hotel Fama offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a top pick for those visiting Durrës. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the comprehensive amenities on offer, guests are sure to find something that suits their taste at this charming hotel.