---\ntitle: "House of A&Arwen"\ndescription: "House of A&Arwen emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376063659.jpg?k=cba0768c230749145529e55a5c181100da4ca160843bc87e17423ec1dd279208&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: house-of-a-arwen\naddress: "Rruga Jonianet, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8739207\n  lng: 20.00547588\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 112\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376063659.jpg?k=cba0768c230749145529e55a5c181100da4ca160843bc87e17423ec1dd279208&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376083473.jpg?k=ee7f6649b4effc7e79c12683e5c1e3ce0baf0a3426bba19551914b1599e2d4d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376092130.jpg?k=eb2ebf63c99926266b3c8585600b807f03eaeb3000e522c7bed1a7c033375f3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376062508.jpg?k=9bacf4df0ec916a79e1eea18e56e83d1f22d9210afa6136272c3d2412dd50990&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376076538.jpg?k=f4f5db65993016b5f30746eda28bba9b3e7ffb4bd0e7b845ffbb28fc3101a421&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376092057.jpg?k=b38fcef0eaa58d0461c57984d82b974c311e3e0dd01e4f1b642e05994e7b097b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376066934.jpg?k=5654ed7fd9a9bef1c116e991161a1938b4aee1e75ccdc9967d98744743ebdfbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376062947.jpg?k=672f9b378e6b91dba9221d267f7032730cf94997b53396707d2a4b3ec5ca4f20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376070088.jpg?k=9682909e5e7756b47f3409e671e89cff08a9b25df5f87e4492b53385e77a0740&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Agimi 20 m"\n  - "Bagaron 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 950 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ming"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Breakfast was good and plenty. The location was really good because it is close to the public beach and the promenade.
The room was clean and nice.
Staff was helpful and provided us with towels for the beach.
For 5 euro we could do laundry.”"\n  - name: "Hugo"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice family hotel. Excellent location. Easy to find because it is close to hotel/bar Republica, every taxi driver knows this place. Very frienly staff. Rooms are very clean. I had to convince them that changing sheets and towels every two...”"\n  - name: "Polina"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The guest house is clean and personal there is very friendly. They help you with everything and can give you umbrellas and chairs to use it on the beach, because beach is public. They had shower gels and ect which is great! And can help you with...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/house-of-a-amp-arwen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned within walking distance of Sarande Main Beach and just a short journey from the tranquil La Petite Beach, guests are perfectly placed to soak up the coastal charm of Sarandë. The hotel's thoughtful design ensures that select accommodations boast patios offering captivating city views, adding an extra layer of enjoyment to the stay.

Inside, the attention to detail is evident. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a comfortable and productive stay for all guests. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury. For those desiring a little more, some rooms also feature balconies, providing a private outdoor space to unwind.

The House of A&Arwen prides itself on exceptional service, with a 24-hour front desk staffed by multilingual team members fluent in German, English, and Italian, ready to assist with any needs or inquiries.

For the explorers, the proximity to Butrint National Park, located just 16 km away, offers an opportunity to experience the natural beauty and historical richness of the area. Additionally, the hotel's accessibility is further enhanced by its closeness to Ioannina Airport, situated 96 km away, making it an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, House of A&Arwen stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, promising an unforgettable stay with its blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and impeccable service.