---\ntitle: "House Pollo"\ndescription: "House Pollo emerges as a serene retreat, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489304115.jpg?k=45b1fca2f0d6833f9dda3452c3a76b23fd5fee518e076e8de14b4452c946de74&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: house-pollo\naddress: "Ruga Hasan Tahsini, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76417554\n  lng: 19.99908349\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489304115.jpg?k=45b1fca2f0d6833f9dda3452c3a76b23fd5fee518e076e8de14b4452c946de74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355762532.jpg?k=18f0da96cf8903fab6d662ce304229c3c772f001ea46e95748f9894a1ad25a81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355762263.jpg?k=1e925c2879b991a4d4217b68ed6686d4bdcc63f11ded1b71f5d12a1cfeee787c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471479300.jpg?k=9cdd5988b463ab5693e10510a30d05894bbc5ee29de0e09c1402a7080edfffba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363994397.jpg?k=6861058d0288221285e3abe3ed3db08daf2d79e8f1ec4a673d4a0bb86998973e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354815077.jpg?k=24f85a6cc04262719f5e49d3c582c0c57cf007930e527a2962df9ea1c5a67ebe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355434850.jpg?k=51dd38c7bc9a968adb9022d5bfbeae7049bb5b67d2c11a86e72921e8dfe65939&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375096322.jpg?k=89f3ebedebbf8d8708570ee12ed928e1f94cc0bd7fe6443fd08bc69aa5376248&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443536477.jpg?k=7a38dbdaee71a84eb38ee67a73ee3ea66a01aebdc29b2524e879e28f1567339f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 200 m"\n  - "Tulum Principotes Ksamil 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Linda"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The beach, restaurants and shops were close. Everything could be approached in a few minutes. The accommodation is equipped with everything you need.”"\n  - name: "Lile"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host was very helpful, it was also very clean and great value for money.”"\n  - name: "Sergii"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“It's a nice place, pet friendly.
There is a good grill zone but the tables were occupied by people who didn't grill just sitting there so we had to take everything to our room and eat there.
The room was cleaned very well every 2 days.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/house-pollo-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at House Pollo are thoughtfully designed with air conditioning to ensure a comfortable respite from the warm Mediterranean climate. The option of rooms featuring either a terrace or balcony presents guests with delightful views of a well-tended garden or a peaceful street, setting the stage for a tranquil getaway.

Each room is equipped with a private bathroom, catering to the needs of families and solo travelers alike. The presence of a shared lounge and garden access invites guests to unwind in a communal setting, fostering a sense of camaraderie among visitors.

A short stroll away, Lori Beach awaits, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and sunbathing, while the historical allure of Butrint National Park is just 3 km away, promising a blend of natural beauty and cultural exploration. For those arriving from afar, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km from the guest house, making House Pollo an accessible haven for international and local travelers seeking a peaceful escape by the Albanian Riviera.