---\ntitle: "I Love Tirana 3"\ndescription: "Located just over a kilometer from the vibrant heart of the city at Skanderbeg Square, \"I Love Tirana 3\" emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's bustling capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495518990.jpg?k=1ac8a5a17659c57261609acee20fc3fff1e47701ee70152dd4dfff2c66fb7e60&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: i-love-tirana-3\naddress: "Rruga Haxhi Hysen Dalliu 15, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33435345\n  lng: 19.81384409\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495518990.jpg?k=1ac8a5a17659c57261609acee20fc3fff1e47701ee70152dd4dfff2c66fb7e60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495519033.jpg?k=428ee5c80615de92f834554faee366085af53e4f38ca0fac2e7a09ca9670f320&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495519149.jpg?k=5960808886b7d45de3a7ff0c9edb0f91e289c7c5b855c15a586b36acc0188f13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495519064.jpg?k=51fbc73dd3afae41ee1132eff63a1394c4175e7341cd305e20f21f0d0560bfec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495519043.jpg?k=8dc63392243c1430897a0ca55e1b7b6844234a579d75def293e6670064fccda4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495519085.jpg?k=67bc95687e24b35fdf8d103e4d47d5b3f909f8e51f140bc291ae6c643cf4c53e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Milano 40 m"\n  - "Bon Appetit 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/i-love-tirana-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at "I Love Tirana 3" is designed to cater to the needs of every guest, from families to those requiring accessible facilities. The accommodations are well-appointed with balconies that offer sweeping mountain vistas, a relaxing seating area, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, and kettle, adds a touch of home. The private bathrooms are equally luxurious, featuring walk-in showers and plush bathrobes, while the provision of bed linen and towels ensures a comfortable stay.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily pick up essentials without having to leave the comfort of the property. Health and wellness enthusiasts will appreciate the in-house fitness room, which hosts both yoga and fitness classes, ensuring that guests can maintain their routines even while on vacation. Families visiting "I Love Tirana 3" will be delighted to find outdoor play equipment for children, making it a family-friendly option.

The property doesn't stop at offering exceptional accommodations; it also provides bicycle and car rental services, enabling guests to explore Tirana and its surroundings at their own pace. Noteworthy attractions close to the apartment include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves, each offering a glimpse into the rich history and culture of Albania.

Situated 13 kilometers from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, "I Love Tirana 3" also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure. This property is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking for a memorable and comfortable visit to Albania's capital.