---\ntitle: "Il Paese Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Il Paese Boutique Hotel emerges as a serene oasis, located just 20 km away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square in Peza e Madhe, offering a unique blend of comfort and elegance for travelers seeking a tranquil retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473446408.jpg?k=884ea855e1b668a0f9be2e24cc4cb3054817d6793d00a68e6904d0d80605aff8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: il-paese-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Dorzit, 1038 Peza e Madhe, Albania"\ncity: "Peza"\nlocation: "Peza"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21531965\n  lng: 19.70064111\nprice: "US$184"\npriceFrom: 184\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473446408.jpg?k=884ea855e1b668a0f9be2e24cc4cb3054817d6793d00a68e6904d0d80605aff8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473441987.jpg?k=ba32f0163903bd834c3265a4ac83550d61d8531aeb2099c81ab7410ea782f3af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473441698.jpg?k=6579e2904e077cdd51835ebff4c46f7f103b787bb590cca66efb5917f24e5d7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473438483.jpg?k=dd8602bf0a8c4fd87c1fcc095e3c8f89ee313f61d98c176cd4278afd2b51086c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473442261.jpg?k=e111a27ce02680f997b40b9ef8bd9a3d63b02cf687245cd7e66711817408bb33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473446729.jpg?k=643f9c9ffb1a152d788d8dd7a7ed48c9e4daef7d0f482cb389ac38272b3538de&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Queen Room with Balcony"\n  - "Queen Room with Garden View"\n  - "King Room with Garden View"\n  - "Superior Queen Room"\n  - "Superior King Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 15 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 15 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 16 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 16 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 16 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 16 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 16 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 16 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 16 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Celmeta 2 km"\n  - "Bujtina e Kuqe 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 12 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 14 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 15 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 15 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 20 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/il-paese-boutique-peze-e-madhe6.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hiking Trail Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Hiking Trail Proximity"\ncategory: "Hiking Trail Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to a smoke-free environment, further accentuated by the inclusion of a traditional hammam, ensuring a refreshing and rejuvenating stay. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises.

Accommodations at Il Paese Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of cable channels, ensuring entertainment and relaxation are always within reach. The safety of personal belongings is guaranteed with the provision of a secure deposit box. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, catering to all personal care needs. The attention to detail extends to the provision of quality bed linen and towels, enhancing the overall stay experience.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the hotel boasts a sun terrace, offering a perfect spot for relaxation or socializing. The surrounding area of Peza e Madhe invites adventure, with hiking opportunities that promise an immersive experience in the natural beauty of the region.

Il Paese Boutique Hotel is not only a gateway to the serene landscapes of Peza e Madhe but also conveniently located within proximity to notable landmarks. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 21 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje, a natural marvel, is 27 km from the hotel. For ease of travel, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest, situated 31 km away, making Il Paese Boutique Hotel an ideal choice for both leisure and exploration.