---\ntitle: "Ilias House"\ndescription: "Ilias House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront getaway, situated merely 500 meters from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832345.jpg?k=4c60fe80d311cf6cc0c7e5a6cf32ba96e7eda1a4d8b5ed6dd6b506ee34dbf332&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ilias-house\naddress: "Ali Pash Tepelena b.b., Ksamil, 9701 Ksamil, 9706, Albanien, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77302198\n  lng: 20.00795991\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832345.jpg?k=4c60fe80d311cf6cc0c7e5a6cf32ba96e7eda1a4d8b5ed6dd6b506ee34dbf332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832463.jpg?k=55d1f1bf8164cee51d25f3bfb4b8bf883d76b18e22d64e544bb725cfde6d3487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832506.jpg?k=aa7609a1beeda78ce32405c909dc2390f4f8176c1eb6281b1a08965e580346e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832278.jpg?k=ff2d7986fd8e87921a9b4ed253b1ba8de835e8ec5cf45255c57cc6d8f53ce297&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832335.jpg?k=7b10f31b6190f9d8d6252838dd620541d829b6ccfe070a443b8d4f2b7e3a142f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832495.jpg?k=c7deb967288ec3d7f18844cf118bacfa84e4242ad05ba1b2a8099edd589e123c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832452.jpg?k=0c02a59053d5961979455038c33d663dc5a154ec879acc4d96171446c80ad1ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832485.jpg?k=5579869c4e896d09953b415dce1839b1e7bf50ed52347ec086958706f5203fcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832255.jpg?k=926d490e7b8e359af910ad897fec4a6ad691aa4b2ef128876dfbc68d9d9d3744&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832287.jpg?k=32f1c6704b257da1ec89b1621f19f8fd64c43d7ae35399cdf5054c23355f6ccb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299288672.jpg?k=4dbcc9685866eb898500663342daf8bd55e7c2fa467a6edf6e426d5cb7f7fe62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369832192.jpg?k=3ccea3aed1838bf583b59f5d15f7f5c7e69fae8f566b76a4d23f0a3f1fa3b4a3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louise"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Hôtel style ground level accommodation with access to a lovely sheltered outside terrace. The room had a separate bathroom and air conditioner for heating. Clean and comfortable. Car park available on the other side of the street. The hosts...”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The owners were kind welcoming and helpful. Immediate responses to messages, great clean room, great air con and decent bathroom toilet room. Short walk uphill to budget local cafes and food and perhaps a 10 minute walk to centre of town with...”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We really liked the location, quick walk to the beach, supermarket and most restaurants or bars. The owners father cannot speak English very well but he tries to help with every problem and is very friendly too. His son is very good at English and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ilias-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe guest house prides itself on its variety of family rooms, each thoughtfully designed with the comfort of its guests in mind. Select rooms feature a private entrance, ensuring an exclusive and undisturbed experience. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful touches such as a wardrobe, outdoor furniture, and for some, a terrace that invites relaxation. The inclusion of a seating area with a flat-screen TV, alongside air conditioning and heating, guarantees comfort in any season. Moreover, certain units are enhanced with the convenience of a coffee machine and the delightful addition of fruits.

For those who prefer to cater to their own needs, a minimarket on the premises offers a range of essentials and more. Ilias House is not just about comfortable lodging; it's an invitation to immerse in local activities. Whether it's cycling, fishing, or hiking, the area surrounding Ksamil offers an array of options for outdoor enthusiasts. Additionally, the guest house features a picnic area, perfect for those wishing to enjoy a day under the open sky.

Its proximity to popular beaches adds to its appeal, with Coco Beach less than 1 km away and Sunset Beach a mere 10-minute walk, making it an ideal base for beach lovers. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Ilias House accessible yet comfortably distanced from the hustle and bustle.

In summary, Ilias House stands out as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing to Ksamil.