---\ntitle: "Imperador Palace Hotel Restorant"\ndescription: "Imperador Palace Hotel Restorant emerges as a distinguished destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and convenience in Peshkopi."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481319009.jpg?k=fdadd7ccd073a4b1de6091ccc22b5e63ad86e60735dc2bc09c42e9c48d3d8f36&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: imperador-palace-hotel-restorant\naddress: "Bulevardi Elez Isufi, 8302 Peshkopi, Albania"\ncity: "Peshkopi"\nlocation: "Peshkopi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.58224807\n  lng: 20.47953026\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481319009.jpg?k=fdadd7ccd073a4b1de6091ccc22b5e63ad86e60735dc2bc09c42e9c48d3d8f36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481318272.jpg?k=f57ba76f9fef39bf749b0537a6d01c9e28b510faacaa53a187be90a942fbba60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481319597.jpg?k=0a93e5be4d31d5a31968934591ae5d92c170d6811ff54a9f3f19b9486c8473fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481319347.jpg?k=051a151c2b0a3085a9871f43365086d6a15cd0ad7bec6719a6e57f9651939e93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481319085.jpg?k=a39fa17b3d5a2079e9287509fac8ff38ffda155e4dc21c00a20c9f150b6e4217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481318365.jpg?k=4f767d0a257d0962e42835180e1e71d2c2b2360090a26e45cb0db424c6d57053&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arta - Dibër 7 km"\n  - "Zerja 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llixhat e Peshkopi 12 km"\n  - "Llixhat Peshkopi 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 49 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/imperador-palace-restorant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Imperador Palace are treated to an array of sophisticated amenities. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a private balcony that offers captivating views of the city. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which, along with a flat-screen TV, bed linen, and towels, ensure a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in every room adds a thoughtful touch to the guest experience.

Mornings at Imperador Palace are greeted with a choice of buffet or continental breakfast options, providing a perfect start to the day. The on-site restaurant and bar further enhance the dining experience, offering guests the chance to savor exquisite meals without leaving the comfort of the hotel.

For those concerned with connectivity and accessibility, the hotel boasts free WiFi throughout the premises, alongside complimentary private parking. The provision of room service and a 24-hour front desk underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction and convenience.

Situated 69 km from Ohrid Airport, Imperador Palace Hotel Restorant stands out as a beacon of hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing into the heart of Peshkopi.