---\ntitle: "Imperator Hotel"\ndescription: "Imperator Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361584275.jpg?k=d4b6ccd60bcd72fa9dcea657970c678b2affb30c0950371b6b9b9f8f5a750418&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: imperator-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Artan Lenja 31, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.328366\n  lng: 19.799652\nprice: "US$72"\npriceFrom: 72\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 359\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361584275.jpg?k=d4b6ccd60bcd72fa9dcea657970c678b2affb30c0950371b6b9b9f8f5a750418&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384970037.jpg?k=d77884d2607f4b9e01462e679a60a7902417d7d1bf874da8f5934db31bda3f83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350534109.jpg?k=1ded8f445e49b1ad2a8723aacdcb9485802cf17f809608a12efaf84e239e83f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361584130.jpg?k=34e0f7298c0f93866f0783e9dc41a4f854b1926f01be38b53c9c0ab495d26a09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347722311.jpg?k=1895c624207187e9e76f482a7bb28e2d27efd4e380dae7737382403a9c61303c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350534455.jpg?k=e9c2452cbb4449d4246a05d71b685bac7e4c3f9c13f016c0cad7078ee3badebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350533990.jpg?k=9a08dc335ff17232e636d7abcad84f12977db6fb1364068ec56a547f2a1a8147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361582526.jpg?k=a63c8786dc231c668974fa2a0d0d032ebe72f4dbb4fa9a9286b92f7842773731&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350534024.jpg?k=1913c2c33cff0a2a0d8651c9140e772251ba54b1abeb5616dcfed701d56e1f28&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Suite with Jacuzzi"\n  - "Triple Room with Jacuzzi"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Jacuzzi"\n  - "Executive Family Suite with Jacuzzi"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Nord 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orlin"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Beautiful building and clean, loved the mountain view”"\n  - name: "Vicky"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Large, comfortable bed. Lots of storage space. Friendly staff. A few items to choose from for breakfast. Very clean and modern. Good location - walking distance to the centre and a small supermarket 5 minutes away.”"\n  - name: "Nicolette"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice. clean room. Friendly atmosphere and hotel employees willing to help with all yor requests.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/imperator.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into air-conditioned sanctuaries, each boasting free WiFi and private bathrooms, ensuring a stay that marries relaxation with connectivity. The convenience of complimentary private parking, coupled with the option of a paid airport shuttle service, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Accommodations at Imperator Hotel are thoughtfully designed, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a desk, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of home. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in both English and Albanian, ready to offer insightful recommendations and practical advice about Tirana's must-see destinations.

Imperator Hotel's proximity to notable attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania, positions it as an ideal base for exploring the cultural tapestry of the city. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, the hotel serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.