---\ntitle: "In City Centre DeLux Apartment"\ndescription: "In City Centre DeLux Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408430712.jpg?k=f8d5c1bb30c0a9ec37098d488438f3d07a27fb2e4e6f1389dd7f60cbe084da7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: in-city-centre-delux-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Egnatia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31097847\n  lng: 19.44969761\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408430712.jpg?k=f8d5c1bb30c0a9ec37098d488438f3d07a27fb2e4e6f1389dd7f60cbe084da7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412974312.jpg?k=3945e835efbe38113a895a46880085ea485b77edb4baf239b19065a7451abf81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414290442.jpg?k=56e3045013f895d5a84d861bc6118bdb4fd96eda96df934a4914bae57aedc4ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412973508.jpg?k=77ade106aabb964a3ccad5d014a76ad105117de973f68d2b2950e7bb8a2cbc49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412974487.jpg?k=5fab44563b5ff059ec1794da3fa9678d689d9f8ff2f01ad05f72b6b06d51387d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408430710.jpg?k=15afa9c349eced4bd94514ee1172a4e8dcafe01325826f8f820f6eb008764ae8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412974073.jpg?k=24e4fe533c5373c452ac3c1d4d6d12a784227345ee7977f18859e0b82d8dac9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408430728.jpg?k=663a5b49dc0695db5f9dc6ff12169acc00b30e8de209dc293ecd6c366bd00f30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412973011.jpg?k=909a9cc8418c54d1b7efe7a3885714b9f0a87cc88f081bded184b1d7b40e2c43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Napoli 50 m"\n  - "Eljos Pizza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 450 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 400 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 550 m"\n  - "1. Maj 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 750 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexis"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“This apartment is luxury category. Modern new building next to the city center. The owner is very kind and helpful. I can only recommend it.”"\n  - name: "Enrico"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Es war alles sehr gut !
Grosses gut eingerichtetes Apartment mit zentraler Lage!”"\n  - name: "Deborah"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything! The apartment was roomy, quiet, and convenient to restaurants and shops. It had modern furniture and new appliances with a ton of electrical outlets in every room. The A/C was fabulous! Kejsii provided detailed instructions and advice...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marina-view-central-deluxe-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at In City Centre DeLux Apartment are treated to a garden view that adds a touch of tranquility to their stay. The apartment ensures a seamless experience with its inclusion of an elevator and round-the-clock security, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those who relish outdoor dining, the apartment accommodates this preference, allowing guests to enjoy their meals amidst the refreshing garden ambiance.

The accommodation itself is a spacious affair, boasting a balcony that offers captivating sea views. It comprises two bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and an equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven for those who prefer home-cooked meals. The two bathrooms feature walk-in showers, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Additionally, the air-conditioned unit includes a bidet and a dressing room, ensuring that guests have all they need for a comfortable and convenient stay. Notably, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, prioritizing the comfort and well-being of its guests.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay.

Situated a mere 2.4 km from Kallmi Beach and 39 km from Skanderbeg Square, In City Centre DeLux Apartment offers an ideal base for exploring the local sights. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is located 33 km away, making the apartment a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In City Centre DeLux Apartment stands as a testament to the blend of convenience, comfort, and strategic location, promising an enjoyable and hassle-free stay for all who visit.