---\ntitle: "Inas apartment golem"\ndescription: "Inas Apartment Golem emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508927182.jpg?k=de7e568f852b2ae9103a764c33102007a6df0081d06bcbe4ed1dd03016ff0549&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: inas-apartment-golem\naddress: "Rruga Viena, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2567222\n  lng: 19.524615\nprice: "US$237"\npriceFrom: 237\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508927182.jpg?k=de7e568f852b2ae9103a764c33102007a6df0081d06bcbe4ed1dd03016ff0549&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/508927244.jpg?k=40cf29a99c44a9f6d09dfd53e4748babb6babd323b441385f9741e3249cdcdaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/508927248.jpg?k=0c7fad81ffafd8f64c609c5286b4392427d5c78a54505376206b8cd286ae6cb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/508927252.jpg?k=d42e064c9560f5fb08857743df2091571effe5e317bf6c09764b12c929cce3d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/508927257.jpg?k=cc7a157007b3820d40a6599a231fbd9f82c0c26c4d85dbd316ca8b084ddd8bf1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 250 m"\n  - "Pashtriku 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 400 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/inas-apartment-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen, all complemented by a modern bathroom. Guests can enjoy the added luxury of a balcony offering tranquil garden views, ideal for unwinding after a day of exploration. Modern amenities such as free WiFi and a flat-screen TV enhance the stay, ensuring a blend of relaxation and connectivity.

With the convenience of complimentary private parking, visitors have the freedom to explore the local area at their leisure. The intriguing Rock of Kavaje is a mere 5.4 km away, while those interested in Albania's history will find the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 45 km from the apartment, worth a visit. For a taste of urban life, Skanderbeg Square offers a cultural experience 45 km away, and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 48 km from the property, presents an opportunity for an unforgettable aerial view of the region.

Situated just 39 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Inas Apartment Golem represents an ideal base for both short getaways and extended stays, promising a memorable experience for all who visit.