---\ntitle: "INN Korça, Center City Apartament"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Korçë from the comfort of INN Korça, Center City Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both serenity and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268533976.jpg?k=d499e77bd6b2b3ae94120a8041f32ea418251cd1efee0a6975d496086ccad94f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: inn-kor-a-center-city-apartament\naddress: "Rr. Edit Durham , lagjia 9 ,pallati 2, c ,9 Mbrapa Teatrit Andon Zako Cajupi, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6182988\n  lng: 20.77655253\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268533976.jpg?k=d499e77bd6b2b3ae94120a8041f32ea418251cd1efee0a6975d496086ccad94f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268523113.jpg?k=554f36849dc945d336260117d109e39e611a1383bddbed696aedbe4df2a9683e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268526583.jpg?k=10f0ab89331c55ad2dd5a84fb5ddc720de70600bd6722aa6f59a0623c496e58c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233759270.jpg?k=9c443aa6f6bf1ed1ae9a1f30b1d492390be41ebe877207c84b9e38c03921b000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268526572.jpg?k=8d9953b43ef2fe01b57a584b3b90d502f4d6b868ef9c51fd1e376d39560eaa0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233759272.jpg?k=a9eaa1593d945479a6286b40114524e871dae0ad945d06fe01a55f3df6c3a647&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268526644.jpg?k=75280324e1c78bc97c5ee357f07c85ec87ecd2abd4c8348247158bc191b84beb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268526651.jpg?k=46c563369722fbbd8572ccc0a4015cc89c78b4d3aca4c3360191721e31c20c7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268526552.jpg?k=c4b678d4c1b3c9c45ca57621944853e68bf4863df61c28fb00a468bd0e239d52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233759288.jpg?k=f6fc546f8157cd29cb79b1afa58af9f06f65b4a659c951c632911c9ca38aefcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233759268.jpg?k=2cf4e21d25d6f05fb2cc08aff0b3b49af1af250b32d03c55c4d4f948fbf5560e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268523120.jpg?k=921fd4ebfa3cafdcb3a4ce6413c485eca8b7ea74e411180c55f3ad9f8f6616a3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Feedra Bar-Bilardo 30 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Bistro 1760\\"\" 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 450 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albania"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location, really pleasant and clean rooms, but the thing that makes this such a good place to stay are the staff. All of the people are incredibly helpful and generous with their time and advice. It was even better than expected. The price...”"\n  - name: "Zhymi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly. The rooms were very clean and cozy, with comfy beds. Great value for the location, just 2 minutes away from Pazari i Vjeter. I really really reccomend it.”"\n  - name: "Jitka"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Apartment right next to the bazaar in the tourist center. All clean. Pleasant owners, arrangement ok. The price-performance ratio is excellent.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/k-amp-k-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nINN Korça doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its air-conditioned, spacious apartment that caters to every need. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, fridge, and all necessary kitchenware, making meal preparation a breeze. The living area, designed for relaxation, includes a cozy seating area and a dining space, perfect for enjoying home-cooked meals or entertaining guests. The apartment boasts two inviting bedrooms and a well-appointed bathroom featuring a bidet and shower, ensuring a comfortable stay for all.

Entertainment is readily available with a DVD player and a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have access to their favorite shows and movies during their stay. Moreover, the property prides itself on being a non-smoking environment, ensuring a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests.

For those who might need a quick snack or essential items, a convenient minimarket located within the apartment complex caters to these needs without the necessity of a long trip. Additionally, the 24-hour front desk service, along with private check-in and check-out, ensures a personalized and hassle-free experience. The apartment also offers tour organizing services, making it easy for guests to explore the local attractions without the stress of planning.

Situated a mere 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, INN Korça, Center City Apartment is not only accessible but stands as a testament to comfort, convenience, and the beauty of Korçë. Whether it's for the stunning mountain views, the comfort of a fully equipped apartment, or the convenience of on-site services, this property promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.