---\ntitle: "Ioannis Apartment Saranda"\ndescription: "Ioannis Apartment Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481480775.jpg?k=b9fdf1aa8dfbcd2935a9840af7d005691599913d3b2a41d9411aed9a52294e29&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ioannis-apartment-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86079\n  lng: 20.01910537\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481480775.jpg?k=b9fdf1aa8dfbcd2935a9840af7d005691599913d3b2a41d9411aed9a52294e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482236250.jpg?k=2dc3433ea877591d6cbf745e5e2d4d22816d1689d2780107c88393195ad654ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482236160.jpg?k=57e109085d031de775c4e4bbf85bed1fe4458c6dad862b4bcba1e0ba382f4ffe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482236093.jpg?k=ce6c287893fc3751549792b425589cf11f4f1c02588eeb380c3fc49d69f9abc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482236029.jpg?k=4717210867f50edb1f590720c9e31c339c8548e1d4b57bd72f70178add8801c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482235947.jpg?k=9cb38fee507c3e64f2b3eac0d41d5e604f8fe39f810dfcb353ea622b71233f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482235809.jpg?k=1f383c86370db943ea502dead29acfb8992a783d07535b52afcdbfd46e18d0ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481480785.jpg?k=e1783fc4bf5dc434984ac77a95b2aad8ab03b467f00e7e3b2d0034cef75daaba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481480700.jpg?k=9fc6199b442443ce708d0d62af29362d2306255fe892a417c09b338a8c4f9336&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Asi Rooftop Resto Lounge 9 m"\n  - "2m Fast Food 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 650 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nagy"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Location was beautiful, clean. The host was very kind and helpful also with other problems we had during the vacation. Thank you.”"\n  - name: "Ramona"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Abbiamo alloggiato in questo bellissimo appartamento per una settimana. L’appartamento è composto da due camere matrimoniali, salito e cucina . Abbiamo apprezzato molto la presenza del lettino/ culla per bambini. L’appuntamento è ubicato vicino...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ioannis-apartment-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Boasting a balcony that offers sweeping views of the sea, the space includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that features modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's commitment to ensuring a hassle-free stay. Notably, the apartment is designed with soundproofing and a private entrance, enhancing the sense of privacy and tranquility for guests.

For those looking to explore the local culinary scene, a variety of dining options are conveniently located near the apartment. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly through Ioannis Apartment Saranda encourages guests to venture out and discover the surrounding area's attractions. The proximity to Butrint National Park, a mere 14 km away, and Ancient Fanoti, 48 km from the property, offers a perfect opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the region's rich history and natural beauty.

Travelers arriving from afar will appreciate the paid airport shuttle service to Ioannina Airport, located 96 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. Ioannis Apartment Saranda not only promises a stay marked by comfort and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the captivating experiences that Sarandë has to offer.