---\ntitle: "Ion Sea View"\ndescription: "Ion Sea View stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach 9 and a short stroll from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451399109.jpg?k=e4717847c7453167339a1fc85d00bd6582c44c742b4f400fb1034297df3eedd1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ion-sea-view\naddress: "Vace zela, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76924146\n  lng: 19.99894452\nprice: "US$23"\npriceFrom: 23\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 108\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451399109.jpg?k=e4717847c7453167339a1fc85d00bd6582c44c742b4f400fb1034297df3eedd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356365246.jpg?k=cb3014d544e53208cdba0fddb1ede2217635a942a738e40913571616c48ae325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197363994.jpg?k=5b6642c366adcae0419c1b225e256e6395d29971794222fa46ad5008de456b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451379656.jpg?k=8fb02ca12c4531ea809049419ab77900d8801cad42e4f041524f601fabc62875&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/197382925.jpg?k=ef307f1187c3719ef713a0e7692e1941b3dbffdb1b88eb4c07d44dd55f235937&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451379632.jpg?k=12d407fe4921a815855fa315cbdcf9bc2d3dac4e62579368391449fb44a31868&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Sea View"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "MR. Crabs 50 m"\n  - "Fast Food 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 100 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 250 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fawaz"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Good location. Clean and comfortable room. No complaints.”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Close to beach and restaurants. Small outside sitting area. Basic cooking facilities”"\n  - name: "Borut"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Private parking (not along the street), balcony on the shadow up to 2pm, 1 minute of walking to the beach, very helpful host, mosquito protection on a window and balcony door, 1 minute of walking to the store, bakery, first restaurants, quiet in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/adriana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation options at Ion Sea View cater to a variety of preferences, with select units boasting terraces or balconies that present breathtaking sea views, complemented by outdoor dining areas for an unforgettable al fresco experience. For those sensitive to noise, soundproof units are available, ensuring a peaceful retreat amidst the lively surroundings.

Strategically positioned, Ion Sea View is a mere 500 meters from the allure of Ksamil Beach 7 and within easy reach of the natural wonders of Butrint National Park, located just 3 km away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 93 km from the property, making Ion Sea View an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, Ion Sea View is an excellent choice for families and solo travelers alike, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable.