---\ntitle: "Ionian Seaview"\ndescription: "Ionian Seaview stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, situated a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Spille Beach in Himare."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207265052.jpg?k=6f4e435cb27a86737b50fb59f17449b80cd2964d57634a2aefd97701bfe27c48&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ionian-seaview\naddress: "In front of Himara Stadium, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10257837\n  lng: 19.74111417\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 280\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207265052.jpg?k=6f4e435cb27a86737b50fb59f17449b80cd2964d57634a2aefd97701bfe27c48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/188741928.jpg?k=9531cfe36bdb07987f6930d1373c12a7eddb3c728186e48e85ac6d5c4c9677b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222769606.jpg?k=b773872dfb8c93a01486f4002cc2e54daac666840ec612997c257861469f310f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222769208.jpg?k=40a986c4b128ba5569689b5cd6d5592fb9b110ed5caafbcb1d397dd8e43d530d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222770849.jpg?k=da6a96c9e991e4f90e719e63fe0d6bdd69806c3559cc2d928d7ebef81e267867&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222769379.jpg?k=acb498aa3a56320d23969384b3397ffd56eb20bfe6eb36a247b23812230b110d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222929393.jpg?k=6a4a6440feeb085f3566800a062f261fb7cb8a7d3f1b1588f44467ddfe8940c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222771016.jpg?k=022bd47858a2f8e53366879f28b5ac37bbb8176f6cefdea2307a26bb1a755347&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/222769827.jpg?k=359c4eee3321cab66452ed56a82a325231a409d6f6263ca508388699dac85228&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blue Bay 100 m"\n  - "Copacabana Himare 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 150 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 700 m"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 900 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 950 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Georg"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Spotanous booking was no problem
Large apartment
Not far from promenade”"\n  - name: "Gabriela"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great stay, there is everything you need in this apartment. The view from balcony is beautiful and beach is just a few minutes by walk. The owners are very kind and helpful”"\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly and the place is nearby the beach just a short walk. Also we can use the beach parasol. If you have any questions the host is very helpful and answers quickly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ionian-seaview.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Ionian Seaview lies not only in its proximity to the sandy shores but also in the meticulously designed accommodations that cater to every need. Guests are treated to a harmonious blend of comfort and elegance, with each apartment boasting a balcony that frames either the tranquil city or the majestic mountains. The living spaces are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a cable flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home.

For those who appreciate the finer details, select units within this apartment complex offer serene garden views, enhancing the sense of escape. Convenience is paramount, with every unit providing essential items such as bed linen and towels, ensuring a hassle-free experience.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, Ionian Seaview extends its hospitality to the younger guests with a dedicated children's playground and a picnic area, perfect for family moments and creating lasting memories.

Located just a short drive from the picturesque Livadhi Beach and within accessible distance from Ioannina Airport, Ionian Seaview presents an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural richness of the region. This destination stands out as a beacon of comfort and tranquility, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.