---\ntitle: "Ionian Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Ionian Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and breathtaking views in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97600007.jpg?k=396c97667ca028a3d5d4a72473a409d26a80a4bef90cb1b58d5594d4818bb1e2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ionian-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "135 Rruga 40 Shenjtorët, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87236177\n  lng: 20.01439154\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97600007.jpg?k=396c97667ca028a3d5d4a72473a409d26a80a4bef90cb1b58d5594d4818bb1e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513893076.jpg?k=821d0ca4d2651d5e4f2cacad1fadb1db52a504b69673cfe51046b6ef9d5a526e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245692146.jpg?k=d151e6c1157f1ddc0379036033cdd96ba2a2e1d4fa86f2594e0fddb6b8252af8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245690727.jpg?k=f54a2f6601043698515f9f5a5c8f1e3d6bcdddd5b1198c36791d271f2c21ed26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245690735.jpg?k=3c7ca7a2184c2bf1edb5eb96a88004feade2b93665ba65c40900fe66b8faaa77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513893075.jpg?k=a4f3375aae900094492f1d464950065daf9d12b61d5690eee473b56f46098e6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97374183.jpg?k=e42730de059ed7524d1931441f472aa3a3573443db64ac669beb4029633bd220&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245690767.jpg?k=3dba86824c77aaf66a2c61ca4bf63f93ccca108e0a04cad95c31792539d914a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245691432.jpg?k=7bda2d119302ef77bb92c3ddec77a4559ff1c5b97bac1029489e953ce2b44258&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tunnel Bar and 40 m"\n  - "TUNELI RESTAURANT 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 50 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Claudia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento situato in posizione centrale e a pochissima distanza a piedi dal lungomare che è la zona più ricca di locali della città. Siamo state accolte da un ragazzo che parlava bene italiano e ci ha mostrato le cose principali della casa e...”"\n  - name: "Sadowska"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Podobał mi się bardzo widok z tarasu. Przestronna sypialnia z widokiem. Duża, czysta łazienka. Bardzo wygodne materace i poduszki.”"\n  - name: "Jovana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Sve je bilo odlicno.Apartman je fenonenalan,cist,prostran,ima sve potrebne stvari za jednu porodicu,decu....sve pohvale.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ionian-view-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are treated to a spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers panoramic views of the Ionian Sea. The inclusion of modern amenities such as air conditioning, free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a holiday retreat. The bathroom, equipped with a walk-in shower, along with provided towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Ionian Sea View Apartment, underscored by features like a private entrance and soundproofing. This makes it an ideal choice for those looking to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life.

For guests looking to explore beyond the confines of their accommodation, the property offers a car rental service, making it easy to venture out to nearby attractions such as the Butrint National Park, located 16 km away. Additionally, for those traveling from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Ioannina Airport, 96 km from the apartment, is a thoughtful touch.

In summary, Ionian Sea View Apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and charm of Sarandë, offering a perfect blend of location, comfort, and amenities that cater to the needs of modern travelers.