---\ntitle: "Ionian Gateway"\ndescription: "Ionian Gateway emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301788.jpg?k=5c95a61f07af3b5045378e1d16766a86087c625d8183e6aebbddaf0d180449a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ionian-gateway\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Arianiti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87252385\n  lng: 20.01618404\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301788.jpg?k=5c95a61f07af3b5045378e1d16766a86087c625d8183e6aebbddaf0d180449a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301794.jpg?k=f579bdf6665015ef4ff7d4b38301a3b4a8ec4d19a730d79fe326da2d86af5ca1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301801.jpg?k=7e8060c96cbc1de00f360bbeaca93e9ecb7c3749b5150296363a7e3e4e0789f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301779.jpg?k=55c99e22f0294109d2eb15d1d7a1c16a4492902df9fca39b1aff88a8d821a634&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301809.jpg?k=9ae113a5e293d1189239adc02495d1ce0c85df82d8d771657508811b608d38c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301795.jpg?k=044b9459e0799064789deac26753bb6bde2e3a6772459ff78939df443455ff49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301790.jpg?k=2dffdfcada150c6b474d53a846f0b1349b2154f66da35a19b6c2901316ed13f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301812.jpg?k=1b04f8875abc95532d51f3fdfbe33ea0bca72be6d032f76ef142418ec6d6e05e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46301805.jpg?k=2a9fbe9d18a1de280007c400b1071868db18a91865a6a7d9dbea3a8bab85181d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casa Nostra 9 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalija 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 450 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“all was excellent! definitely I will come back next year!
you can get a paid parking slot - a few minutes from the location - which is still ok”"\n  - name: "Vanda"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Big, clean apartment, very supportive owners, exceptional view”"\n  - name: "Simonam71"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartament is located very close to the city center of Saranda.
It is spacious and neat and the wonderful terrace faces the Corfu island.
The owner is very helpful and nice and gave us a lot of information about the surroundings.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/gjergj-araniti-apartment-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and bathrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen speaks to the thoughtful touches designed to make stays as comfortable as possible. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views, offering a serene spot to dine outdoors and soak in the city's beauty. The promise of soundproof accommodations further guarantees a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, VIP Beach is just 2.2 km away, offering a more exclusive seaside experience. Meanwhile, the historical allure of Butrint National Park is within a 16 km reach, presenting an opportunity to immerse in the region's rich heritage. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 96 km away, making Ionian Gateway accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

While the convenience of on-site private parking comes with an additional fee, the availability of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained throughout their stay.

Ionian Gateway not only offers a strategic location and comprehensive amenities but also serves as a gateway to the enchanting landscapes and cultural richness of Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking for a blend of relaxation and exploration.