---\ntitle: "IoniaHouse Surrel Villa"\ndescription: "Lovely Loft 6 Cathedral View"\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196221702.jpg?k=ba0e71cf030cff7f566f63ee2f722df480b3f27663dc11e5d59be0e9a035707a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ioniahouse-surrel-villa\naddress: "Rruga Dajti ndertesa 15/1 Surrel Dajt, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33192861\n  lng: 19.90742238\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196221702.jpg?k=ba0e71cf030cff7f566f63ee2f722df480b3f27663dc11e5d59be0e9a035707a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388056.jpg?k=976741ff754a537ba10130f8f39493840f25063268a088c8ca8751f581c0ee75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388076.jpg?k=4dffd6441b82ac5c705d0d3cd67f203b401631339ca9bac633c31b7a994b20ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216643083.jpg?k=123d55ebd3b7c8de23e16dd8d0769fbfd90cfa58c5875a0b091c65c40e90f048&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388417.jpg?k=5f84f80fb8d3fe299ab09188f02f1abf35f7f1b4435d9bad56146e24d8936282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388781.jpg?k=95d9ea1bce719653fb24de30968a74804870d9927abdb4e034f9a4bc36b8c548&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196297702.jpg?k=d37bcc28c0a415cb46afe101b376f900b95c043b5b25cc49aaaf2068199e3824&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388032.jpg?k=8122f6e8a486e63aa635aa2cb363d57287417a6ca81929734574dde3bf74bae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216642930.jpg?k=f379c6c87e04ec585f0652d9d6a0821a815e5c42b9c9a13861dd1681368aeb31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203143738.jpg?k=7a30568842e0dc1c2f5a56f998daa060cf64d2706248cc58ee06dca6a8cf8f8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400540612.jpg?k=2153f7a6ab29aba7e64f72d5ee0a027015207cd9ee5555a5138b86e78e1e834c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196388797.jpg?k=0bf82867995ac5625640e51db779a925554ebf2abef7804585e707cd9dc23d57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ceren Ismet Shehu 500 m"\n  - "Bianca &Hotel 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 0 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 50 m"\n  - "Mali I Dajtit 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 3.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Franz"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Adem is a very nice person and has the greatest house in Albania. Just WOW.”"\n  - name: "Liv"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“We were a large family of 11 people. The house was absolutely fantastic. It was clean and has a panoramic view in a quiet area approximately 25-30 minutes from Tirana by car. The house and garden were nicer in reality then in the pictures. It has...”"\n  - name: "Arturas"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Exceptional location, clean facilities. Friendly and helpful hosts. Everything you need for your stay is located in one place: BBQ, Pizza oven, gas/electric oven, espresso machine and pool. overall 10/10”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ioniahouse-surrel-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a masterpiece of design, boasting a spacious layout that includes two living rooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher, oven, and microwave, and six elegantly appointed bedrooms. Each of the six bathrooms is designed with a walk-in shower and bidet, ensuring a blend of convenience and luxury. The air-conditioned unit also features a terrace that invites guests to dine al fresco while enjoying the surrounding views. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, and for those who appreciate a fine drink, wine or champagne is provided as an additional in-room amenity.

Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a baby safety gate, making it a safe and welcoming environment for guests of all ages. The villa doesn't just stop at providing a comfortable stay; it extends its luxury to the outdoors with a private pool, a garden ready for exploration, barbecue facilities for a delightful culinary experience, and even an outdoor fireplace and picnic area for those moments of relaxation and bonding.

Situated conveniently close to cultural landmarks, #IoniaHouse Surrel Villa is just 10 km from Skanderbeg Square, offering guests a glimpse into the rich history and vibrant life of the area. The former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Bunk'Art 1 Museum are also within easy reach, providing ample opportunities for cultural excursions. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 24 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, #IoniaHouse Surrel Villa stands out as a distinguished destination for those in pursuit of an unforgettable stay that combines the comforts of modern living with the enchanting beauty of the Albanian landscape.