---\ntitle: "Iris Apartments"\ndescription: "Iris Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203757450.jpg?k=efa521bdf46aca9ea9f431efc4e745f48cf06d373dc9ac9de36a08a7afda967e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: iris-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Uji i Ftohte, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41507679\n  lng: 19.48248177\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203757450.jpg?k=efa521bdf46aca9ea9f431efc4e745f48cf06d373dc9ac9de36a08a7afda967e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438782371.jpg?k=7720f38e2e3eb9af762c0786d2577a3d583f5eaa82ed6464c3891177fcfdfa1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446699014.jpg?k=0963c66d215133b714a823c433c83c8ddb3b7c30d75a1c413de6ee8d2df9af05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438782885.jpg?k=2c2933666e8289776122b81e75a32111c1c338853f7bc06575a0ad349609b7fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438785028.jpg?k=7eeb862588c781e6d11a7b419b0b2e0984dfa73e434396f699dacecbfddbe81a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438785063.jpg?k=59572a87dd8739fb101fabf113356b69e818518d58d2d3c6e2d8d0cf17aad46d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438737759.jpg?k=555b14ed516c2ff51a447dbfa05d37dd0c7c2293f908172c6ad65dcd5e505511&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438737701.jpg?k=82b9d85d54babbcafcfb25985073e826c58cdaaefade6ee0218be224be454476&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203757432.jpg?k=c2bc7f3f2531bda41133d475c59a3f0ca189279ff356d25e92724db6101daec1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera Blu 100 m"\n  - "Mandarine 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 150 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 350 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lee"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Lovely, friendly hosts, beautiful view across the ocean from the pool.”"\n  - name: "Vigan"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Cleanliness and hospitality of the host. The pool was nice and with seawater, which provided a good opportunity to our kids for a nice swim by the sea. The view from the pool is very calming.”"\n  - name: "Ardi"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location was perfect, private residence and secured. The apartment was so clean and very cozy and summerish style. The lady that was hosting us was so kind and helped us with everything we asked for.
I defenitly recommend the place and going...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/iris.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking and the ease of free WiFi throughout the property. The 24-hour front desk, luggage storage, and currency exchange services underscore the commitment to guest satisfaction and seamless experiences.

The accommodations at Iris Apartments are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort and convenience in mind. Each apartment boasts a terrace that opens up to breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle, ensures that guests have everything they need to feel at home. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hairdryer, along with the provision of bed linen and towels, adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those evenings when dining out doesn't appeal, the option for grocery delivery is a thoughtful touch, allowing guests to enjoy a meal in the comfort of their apartment. The property doesn't just cater to relaxation; it also offers a variety of activities. Guests can explore the surrounding area of Vlorë, engage in fishing, or simply unwind in the garden. The kids' pool is a welcome feature for families, ensuring that younger guests are entertained.

Notably, Iris Apartments is conveniently located, with Coco Bongo Beach just 2.2 km away and the historic Kuzum Baba 7 km from the property. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 156 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service for ease of travel.

In summary, Iris Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Vlorë, offering a perfect blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience.