---\ntitle: "Itan’s lovely two bedroom flat in center of Tirana"\ndescription: "Itan's Lovely Two Bedroom Flat in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of a central location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286328.jpg?k=a244d43680aa9ffca6f950efe813cd004e4135395ef7339a15daa88e56a00861&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: itan-s-lovely-two-bedroom-flat-in-center-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3301633\n  lng: 19.81514882\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286328.jpg?k=a244d43680aa9ffca6f950efe813cd004e4135395ef7339a15daa88e56a00861&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286400.jpg?k=6084818c7e9ec31277115dc4229b228e35c15d4bfe5044812477dc3d15835d66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286404.jpg?k=71126045de39a4e4668c4bbf237f321e57d48018cf4a8b4962644f3c1595540e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416409568.jpg?k=abb29d6466de70abed283efb9ded058299739c1b7fdf16285abe447aa4656bdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286391.jpg?k=12ce35ff4616f17c66e1702247bcfca571e9f63c592713dfc72975deda2be967&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286409.jpg?k=3b6609c40239882cdf64675bb3438545f10d713a943b89da132ddfd9cfbcaa65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286414.jpg?k=2043cda8939b5f007ab1c61624973ac2a07751d66cbdb09c94995086d5cb042e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415286430.jpg?k=d5455955718ceffe82430e6e40b4f0fcbd8261f58be8cfe38a1f692cf8a5e2db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416409648.jpg?k=b6a58a41712d3ed867a72f9255e9c4db4210e0fbf152151c29a59e685cb01cc9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baste Sportive 20 m"\n  - "Grand Restorant Motrat Qirriazi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mohd"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The location is very close to the main square. Its infront of Police station no.3 so it was really good area. Many good caffe and restaurants around the property. The host was very kind to tell us about different places to eat and visit. The host...”"\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja w centrum Tirany! przemili właściciele :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/itans-lovely-two-bedroom-flat-in-center-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the property ensures guests stay connected. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with either a bath or shower, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the homely feel of the accommodation. Notably, the private entrance to the apartment enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, House of Leaves, National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, positions it as an ideal base. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Itan's Lovely Two Bedroom Flat offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to cultural landmarks, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana looking for an immersive city experience.