---\ntitle: "Itan’s apartment-Lovely guest apartment in center"\ndescription: "Itan's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373299195.jpg?k=1106befb23c04cd86c0517717021c2da786338a9d7622f88617c21163e25be47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: itan-s-apartment-lovely-guest-apartment-in-center\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32521934\n  lng: 19.81139782\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373299195.jpg?k=1106befb23c04cd86c0517717021c2da786338a9d7622f88617c21163e25be47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440519350.jpg?k=eccd0eaaebd0689317a3bcb15e97910e36c7b5cd26f12b22a7b5e5ea6a4c1a67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440519061.jpg?k=a1e1c2f5cd93cfaa03d2442900a0355ea4f7dc098a7be409cf9f97d125c63256&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440520116.jpg?k=b1f320fca3740a5efa6eba0cb8c7a29c1830ff9341417da49f93edc4e2e80d3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440522007.jpg?k=bcd314da08b52c11417a447ebd42040cab13239af699936a9ff0d89c8581737a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440519934.jpg?k=b6d729ce280cab1a31a016aedc4313932055b19c9623e4eb63f8c384423a56a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440519232.jpg?k=8379b86d4eca9824705960f9b95d22a9417ac9b11befe0a4f003daf1462fdd60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440519488.jpg?k=46e2c0c8633783bae978a145759d09e09fafa188f8c98963b96b5962ce8c8d27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440522404.jpg?k=7398d6df9ca1d6018f6d91301e4c4dabf44a3c97b58b8cea7c1cac7386d8d310&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Seni 40 m"\n  - "Art Lounge 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Super Lage, gute und schnelle Kommunikation und alles was man braucht da.”"\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“everything was perfect. the owner help us in everything and give us some recommendation about the city. very well located. very clean and comfortable. todo fue perfecto. Los dueños amables nos ayudaron en todo y nos dieron recomendaciones sobre...”"\n  - name: "Anònim_q"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Although the building doesn't look good, the apartment is very (hyper?) clean and new and is very well located. The owner is very friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/itans-apartment-lovely-guest-apartment-in-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities. Guests will find themselves at home with free WiFi, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a washing machine for convenience. The kitchen is fully equipped, boasting an oven and fridge, ensuring that meal preparation is as effortless as it is enjoyable. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Additionally, the feature of a private entrance underscores the apartment's commitment to guest privacy.

Situated near notable sites such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the House of Leaves, Itan’s Apartment not only promises a stay rich in cultural immersion but also unparalleled ease of access to explore Tirana's vibrant history and attractions. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, further positions this apartment as an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.