---\ntitle: "J&B Rooms Dhermi"\ndescription: "J&B Rooms Dhermi emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in the heart of Dhërmi, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Palasa Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473491532.jpg?k=bd75314e76b6f5515c30e1ebc31d5084adf5f12e63b67b7be22c74801d59d44d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: j-b-rooms-dhermi\naddress: "Rruga Kontraqe, 9422 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15535251\n  lng: 19.6303542\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 70\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473491532.jpg?k=bd75314e76b6f5515c30e1ebc31d5084adf5f12e63b67b7be22c74801d59d44d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479191972.jpg?k=5594c021ec2af2fd76e41bfc3a20db07efb275730c596b5a03f9119beb97ab74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479191878.jpg?k=79a985495c25d3505e1c86831f5d138ba0c5114562ab4eaaa00e17c7196790d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473491479.jpg?k=74ea8ad786cab0d54f712f2220750f89220a1d454bc74f91cac601293ed86234&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473477713.jpg?k=8660262c1743b03c01d206d6630b8b3ed684c6e80046ba6d1c6be27abc303cb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210605100.jpg?k=56ca18c62ae797004ef156d1ba7f359ad61906df13e5a4bc33b5b61b59b0eeb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470897789.jpg?k=882ccacf8a8e77c1fe7830e220f3d28a1ff2faba76ef762006c8ad2121ee64b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210603108.jpg?k=1a7d35ac6cc55e966c3eb76803421ac7a59e3290204de6c16eed7354e9bff25c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210604182.jpg?k=4cd91449755a77561e2d31df867934ed79eee2fe76cca3af85a7304eeb2e5cab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Genti 150 m"\n  - "Grillhouse Martino 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 65 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carolina"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The owners are super friendly and kind, they were waiting for us when we arrived, easy check-in, you can pay by euro or lekkes, everything was very clean, new and organized. The bathroom is large and spacious. The location by car to the center and...”"\n  - name: "Xhoi"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Parking in front of the house. Clean room. Nice view from the balcony. 5min drive to the beach. 5 min walk from many restaurants: pizzeria,bakery,supermarket,creperia
The owner was super friendly and very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Marjo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The view was great, the apartment was very clean and furnished very quiet , and the host was friendly and polite. Excellent”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/j-amp-b-rooms-dhermi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at J&B Rooms Dhermi is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, and a balcony to soak in the stunning vistas. Entertainment and convenience are ensured with a flat-screen TV, while the private bathrooms boast modern amenities including a bidet and hair dryer, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The thoughtful inclusion of soundproofing, bed linen, and towels in every unit underscores the guest house's commitment to providing a restful and hassle-free experience.

The sun terrace invites guests to bask in the warmth of the Albanian sun, offering a perfect setting for leisurely afternoons. For those who prefer the cool shade, the garden offers a peaceful escape, ideal for unwinding amidst nature.

Situated 1.7 km from both Palasa and Dhermi Beach, the location of J&B Rooms Dhermi allows guests to effortlessly explore the best of the region's coastal beauty. Despite its secluded feel, the guest house remains within reach of urban conveniences, with Ioannina Airport located 161 km away, making it a feasible getaway for both local and international travelers.

J&B Rooms Dhermi stands as a testament to the perfect blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.