---\ntitle: "J&D Rooms Korce"\ndescription: "J&D Rooms Korce emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Korçë, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753935.jpg?k=d7a475acba9f19c0a260081ed968e5cb00a62da510fac13105a81d4b7008a1ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: j-d-rooms-korce\naddress: "Rruga 28 Nëntori, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61473532\n  lng: 20.77692726\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753935.jpg?k=d7a475acba9f19c0a260081ed968e5cb00a62da510fac13105a81d4b7008a1ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334758266.jpg?k=865501450b0736c8318e7040b85c0480d09156082f95e495eee123da9fac4ee4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753904.jpg?k=a8f777bdd16a6f2413ecf58be0b26c6b9fe1bac77309e6cd9c4ba6424d380979&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753923.jpg?k=db7afe393e8b430296d6d8b2f41653b2da645a86466149ee9c0f4e1c19a90e1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334338687.jpg?k=3021f6c62866f7310206077e24751bdd3ad9593ea7b8754a825577bbf44084e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753931.jpg?k=1bbc88cbdf04f0ca338e75b1062e70b2bbfdd758526330d3303bbf96caf4ac6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753885.jpg?k=3ebfa9201614503b4dbe9f85cf9eabec1f4691004ae2ae6805b01f4896ff1c4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334753914.jpg?k=d4e41f85c886a828cbb479be489c06f4f3d03ab7eb4054b3ad6f71e2faa1922e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512461922.jpg?k=cef296ddc851f93e489f24d7a25ecc75fbfd2ce4d24695a2e23133cbd78f039d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "O2 Boutique 100 m"\n  - "Etvini 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 100 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Isa"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The place was spaceous clean and vlose to tje center”"\n  - name: "Brisilda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The owner was very friendly. The room was very clean and comfortable. Very easy to find, and near to city center. We really enjoyed our stay! Totally recommend it !”"\n  - name: "Denisa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was clean, well equiped and spacious.
The furnishing was comfy and relaxing. The location was great, quiet area and nearly 5 minute walk from the cathedral. If you’re looking for a place to stay while in Korca, I highly recommend it ☺️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/j-amp-d-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering round-the-clock front desk service, unwavering security, and a hassle-free currency exchange, catering to the needs of international and local visitors alike. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle for those moments of relaxation. The addition of a hot tub, slippers, and a wardrobe in every unit elevates the standard of guest comfort. Bathrooms are private and well-appointed with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. Select rooms go a step further, featuring fully equipped kitchens complete with kitchenware, perfect for those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while traveling.

For those moments of leisure or a quick caffeine fix, the on-site coffee shop offers a cozy retreat. Despite its tranquil setting, J&D Rooms Korce remains well-connected, with Kastoria National Airport just 71 km away, making it an accessible haven for both short stays and extended retreats.

In essence, J&D Rooms Korce stands out as a beacon of hospitality, blending modern amenities with the charm and culture of Korçë, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.