---\ntitle: "Jani's Studio"\ndescription: "Jani's Studio stands out as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Vlorë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387976596.jpg?k=49c8e736805d6bce4a81951cd0ddc117325d18d7c874c12bfbe2b9c6052546f1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jani-s-studio\naddress: "Rruga Divizjon, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45672366\n  lng: 19.48308537\nprice: "US$24"\npriceFrom: 24\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387976596.jpg?k=49c8e736805d6bce4a81951cd0ddc117325d18d7c874c12bfbe2b9c6052546f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647103.jpg?k=7fd4c0c530744c414cde07f0837503eec12c4e9442fc4e83c16f54d990e8c7c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647108.jpg?k=b8af62d7e992b25e2a75ea9e2791e0bcd5d2275d7e4fed991ae6708ab00f913d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647113.jpg?k=e2d410ee2ecfeccb556afbb666906dc2baf53b8119b28c0e2e4dde6aa4fc00e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647105.jpg?k=ac0adfa18293586b271aebc37ed63bddc80dc423d334f59cf24f30db77b2acec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647081.jpg?k=1dff4bdd6aca93daf85071eb7422b775e8d2e38366ee7c41d4c76d74398b269b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386647092.jpg?k=1df467ae036c9e2cb638fe4a5280f37d1e8bc487463e0d5ee63e283d2c450aba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386646983.jpg?k=603e8a4f3dc27dd0695fffddffaa827dede042da36881ec59c14e97b340a5c4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423054883.jpg?k=ec992f02cf63b7c0389f6b028236747851abeb93caba0eb8a2e17cfd0afdd3e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma 50 m"\n  - "Cafe Napoli 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 450 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alessandro"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything is perfect. Very close to the city center, the room is very big and have everything, even kitchen. Bed is confortable and very clean. Wifi works good.”"\n  - name: "Marijana"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Together with my friend we stayed for 3 nights at this place and we really enjoyed. The place is clean, there is a small kitchen with everything you need, the bathroom is also good and there is a washing machine too. You can also enjoy the...”"\n  - name: "Ivan"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Persone stupende, sei in famiglia, disponibili, accoglienti”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/janis-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe studio is a haven of tranquility, boasting a tastefully decorated bedroom that invites relaxation at every turn. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, ensures that guests can prepare their meals just the way they like. The living area, anchored by a sleek flat-screen TV and a cozy seating arrangement, is the perfect spot to unwind after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a luxurious bathroom, outfitted with a hot tub, elevates the experience, offering a private oasis for rejuvenation.

One of the highlights of Jani's Studio is its delightful balcony, offering views of the lush garden and the quaint inner courtyard. The outdoor dining area adds a touch of charm, allowing guests to enjoy their meals amidst the gentle breeze and the soothing sounds of nature.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local scenery, the studio's proximity to notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square provides ample opportunity for cultural exploration. Despite its peaceful setting, the property remains within reach of the hustle and bustle of the city, ensuring that guests have the best of both worlds.

Accessibility is also a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 150 km away, making Jani's Studio an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a serene escape in the heart of Vlorë.