---\ntitle: "Jani Studio Apartments"\ndescription: "Jani Studio Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the historic heart of Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488728486.jpg?k=38f23a0b664471bcf2a6c1b331d4a4a7e5dbf317b22b04f7de0ad897ab7a21dc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jani-studio-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Koço Koçollari, 6000 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07853102\n  lng: 20.13597766\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 48\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488728486.jpg?k=38f23a0b664471bcf2a6c1b331d4a4a7e5dbf317b22b04f7de0ad897ab7a21dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488930900.jpg?k=1b38fef21d259b6c39442df3452ab83a8b97c1731bbe3f539d699e06f186b534&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488930860.jpg?k=287a78030d41ae72fb9c0c6510f47165ce4c7eaaee7397504de287682d330d39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488938606.jpg?k=6ab4e93a31805c5e836fa357edbaa1e8756e5e8ae1fa8c4c933bc33d213c45c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488930875.jpg?k=a04dc91b89643e8f17c5d574cec9f103f5b4ffdb5f931847f95226562b5b0252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522437857.jpg?k=f496e8e0bc3dbc73757e17712c15e7c192595eed22a25bd18759f0bf9db27c28&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Spring 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Kufoi 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Efstathios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Brand new hotel/apartment with everything you need for a comfortable stay. The hosts were friendly, helpful, responsive and made us feel at home. Parking site just outside the hotel... Highly recommended and we will be back!”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Excellent location. The property were very helpful and the room was very clean.”"\n  - name: "Jenny"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hidden Gem in Gjitokastër! -Location: near center, near the bazar, near the bus station all by foot/ walking! -The apartament: spotless, super clean, your home away from home! You will find everything that you need there starting by the little...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jani-studio-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Jani Studio is meticulously designed to cater to the needs of families and solo travelers alike. Guests can expect well-appointed accommodations featuring air conditioning for those warm Gjirokastër days, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV offering a variety of satellite channels, ensuring guests are never short of viewing options.

For those who prefer to dine in, the apartments come equipped with a full kitchen and dining area, allowing for the preparation of home-cooked meals. Safety is paramount, with each unit boasting a secure safety deposit box. The private bathrooms add a touch of luxury, complete with either a bath or shower, plush bathrobes, and a hair dryer for convenience.

Select units elevate the experience further with a balcony that opens up to an outdoor dining area, offering views of the inner courtyard, ideal for enjoying meals al fresco. Comfort is guaranteed with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every apartment.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Jani Studio Apartments presents a compelling option for those in search of a blend of modern amenities and easy access to local attractions.