---\ntitle: "Jasemin Apartament Blloku"\ndescription: "Jasemin Apartament Blloku emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493505029.jpg?k=ddc2784a0f0b57ad615d1cb09865dbfc70fe773acaea7b873ec5cc0a18369655&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jasemin-apartament-blloku\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32279477\n  lng: 19.81471516\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493505029.jpg?k=ddc2784a0f0b57ad615d1cb09865dbfc70fe773acaea7b873ec5cc0a18369655&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493505002.jpg?k=4dcca31eb04a80eaed271585b9eb9d38d64d97e8fbaeb7d0158b4e322f80a1ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493500060.jpg?k=a6ce0d85796da6256b69e1f6064d2c3513dd87a43ca82e23eae84cd10b3d3eb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493500018.jpg?k=7ff757a74a2d4aa3559f2cfe2c5cd07e4e0910758b1c8b1e3ca3e6a5149ec42c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493500063.jpg?k=947bbef58268037e00e9f8dd2684ef7594831cec0cb58bd5cd903e108152bc12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493500068.jpg?k=efc38a1b70f189e3f42341f7653a01e9b344f14e5d26964c2ade434902ec434e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Vasili-2 Tirane 50 m"\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jasemin-apartament-blloku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment complex doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a gateway to the rich history and modern charm of Tirana. A mere 600 meters from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a short journey to the serene Rock of Kavaje, guests have unparalleled access to explore. For those looking to immerse themselves in local culture and leisure, Rinia Park and the iconic Saint Paul Cathedral are conveniently located within walking distance.

Accommodations at Jasemin Apartament Blloku are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is air-conditioned, ensuring a restful retreat from the bustling city life. The inclusion of private bathrooms and complimentary WiFi in every room adds a layer of convenience and connectivity. Select rooms further enhance the stay experience with the addition of balconies, offering guests their own private vista of Tirana's dynamic cityscape.

Beyond the doors of Jasemin Apartament Blloku, guests find themselves in proximity to some of Tirana's most talked-about landmarks. The Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument are all within easy reach, inviting guests to delve into the city's unique narrative.

For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 15 km away makes Jasemin Apartament Blloku an accessible haven for both short visits and extended stays. This apartment complex stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those eager to discover the enchanting city of Tirana.