---\ntitle: "Jazoj Family hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Orikum at the Jazoj Family Hotel, a serene retreat located conveniently between the pristine sands of Nettuno Beach and the vibrant shores of Orikum Beach, just over a kilometer away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590407.jpg?k=5fe83843dcfb5dac97d69e7c1108aed4b2044462d925a9199178f3ea72b50413&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jazoj-family-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Jul Qezari, 1001 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32727147\n  lng: 19.47430193\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590407.jpg?k=5fe83843dcfb5dac97d69e7c1108aed4b2044462d925a9199178f3ea72b50413&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590400.jpg?k=4fe9aaa8beb3cb504ee2e148dca8d4cdf9dbcd8bf3ab3adc6e2b8fd7d0225695&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590404.jpg?k=41e163cea8d003e989ba7ac0c1b2e539d8e984531eaac0b391aa01fce375a7fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590390.jpg?k=c0ec020700fcfe2d8ee7439c326f56e5453d5f9d0fb704b2c1f46efa8ba2fb13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107727350.jpg?k=f0330e066173b0bac4677596619c22f221f765e3b04603a897aee9ec39c29054&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374590398.jpg?k=7f2f47842340527500a24800e5cc2dd4f64fabdfc8be66332c0156298021ab56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105492353.jpg?k=0d800b2b796e15d9ee7453b92af7f2efb3935f9d923efc3f65158c0e5953be2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107727024.jpg?k=1c5e8ade2a9b8ce02178025cf9be3a8b4fb91e2c9ff1365a979f98a879329914&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155599790.jpg?k=cce75a0d1ffcb57f563a21fcb00f04c59058dd3d1dd5ebeeb33005f47e17174f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Las Belo 300 m"\n  - "Restorant M. Mustafaraj 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect.Such a nice place .I recommend it with all my heart ❤️”"\n  - name: "Ilija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“good location, frendly host ,comfortable room ,quiet place,parking.,everything is fine , i recomended this place . good value for the money”"\n  - name: "Akil"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Ich bin hoch zufrieden mit dem Unterkunft. Alles was man brauchte ist da.: Sehr sauber ; Nette Familie; die Küche ist komplett; Direkt in Zentrum; Sehr gut erreichbar zu allen Geschäften, Bankautomat, Apotheke und soweit…..
Die Familie Jozaj ist...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jazoj-family.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Jazoj Family Hotel are treated to more than just a place to rest their heads. Each apartment boasts a balcony that opens up to tranquil garden views, providing a private oasis to unwind. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room equipped with a TV for entertainment, and a kitchenette complete with a fridge and kitchenware for those moments when dining in feels just right. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, adds a touch of home comfort to the experience.

For those who enjoy the convenience of dining close to their accommodation, the hotel does not disappoint. An on-site restaurant offers delightful culinary experiences, while a bar promises relaxing evenings with a drink in hand. The assurance of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the property means that every aspect of your stay is catered to with the utmost attention to detail.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, adventure awaits. Baro Beach is a mere 2 km journey, inviting guests to explore its scenic beauty, while the historic Kuzum Baba and the vibrant Independence Square are both 18 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich culture and history of the area.

Situated 167 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Jazoj Family Hotel represents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of local charm. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the comfort of a garden-view balcony that appeals, this hotel promises an unforgettable stay in Orikum.