---\ntitle: "JD Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "JD Luxury Apartments emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience on the Vlorë seafront."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439714923.jpg?k=c3f83464692669492e4fb5c861e084e0ff974250550c719d4cb088cc4d8b8e1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jd-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Piro Sava, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44931846\n  lng: 19.4932356\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439714923.jpg?k=c3f83464692669492e4fb5c861e084e0ff974250550c719d4cb088cc4d8b8e1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439714884.jpg?k=dd471a4cbe3d63e34dea5eb3630e9f63fc6ab26c54072d5adf8c3e9586f9d4ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447781124.jpg?k=04d0919cd5e3077fb03c9e2a80feb90099d1fe7d58ec32136fff02512c9e4e6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447777429.jpg?k=82bc2a1fd541f24c47fe2f0c0e38aa020f677a11474843545aca71458dd10332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462108288.jpg?k=4590422cbe7d7005b2cb5c60f5c6b21ce2f7a95a1d4e29faad5a329b88a330bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439714767.jpg?k=348b8d1ac54557eb453ceb54f708c8e92012772b8aaceb6c752dd46fedf183aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462108281.jpg?k=0dc2322516bc8e279f8d1ba62827f93555ce9ac88b932e412161e5af4d927528&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439714781.jpg?k=016bb3214f627debcd19ee72b2915fc55c3c22e885f765520f2fb1807cf23f90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446836923.jpg?k=78eca03781159b3c9c44c779e1079123b829c05e9dab5f3d9d11393ea6e53cb9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (52 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was very modern and clean, the owner was friendly, reliable and very helpful. The location is very convenient to both explore the city and take a walk along the coast. I can highly recommend staying there!”"\n  - name: "Jernej"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“A modern looking apartment with partial beach view on the 9th floor. The building is located in 2nd row on the beachfront. The first beach with sand is 300m away. Everything was clean, comfortable and working. There is everything available for...”"\n  - name: "Dren"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Location was very good you have everything you need very close, the host was friendly and fullfilled our extra requests, the apartment was clean and nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jd-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at JD Luxury Apartments are treated to a seamless experience, thanks to the inclusion of modern facilities such as an elevator and round-the-clock security, complemented by complimentary WiFi access across the premises. For those looking to explore the area or needing assistance with their travel arrangements, the apartment complex offers both airport transfer services and car rental options, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Each air-conditioned unit within the complex is thoughtfully equipped to cater to the needs of the modern traveler. From a wardrobe and coffee machine to a dishwasher and oven, every detail is designed for convenience. Safety is also a priority, with a safety deposit box provided in each apartment. Entertainment and relaxation are not overlooked, with a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom featuring a hot tub. The inclusion of a balcony, dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge allows guests the freedom to dine in comfort, while additional amenities like a dressing room and kettle further enhance the living experience.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, guests will find Ri Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba within easy reach, adding to the appeal of JD Luxury Apartments as a base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away, ensures that JD Luxury Apartments is a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in this vibrant coastal city.