---\ntitle: "Jelena's Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "Jelena's Luxury Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a short 300-meter stroll from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194486006.jpg?k=c3563d5efc361cf707f0dfaf1e41000a9d45cd70e3163c803de0b88a9d1668c3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jelena-s-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti 4 and 5, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85707321\n  lng: 20.02079931\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194486006.jpg?k=c3563d5efc361cf707f0dfaf1e41000a9d45cd70e3163c803de0b88a9d1668c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/157383538.jpg?k=e1fed77075c5a9c28fe9332b110766c3bd59e7f6ff41b094c62d454cebc41a0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99945900.jpg?k=88d380b8ffc631d9d7b276c71d108f1a2a5de2f312ff7c0947255445c96296b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151069869.jpg?k=bb8f1ab6b569939b8bc048f92cb8d81fda1ac96683c30194751f286d1abc888b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194485991.jpg?k=522218c24337324f2fe6e866e9f1968fd0af69ac58f9757d575ad5ab78094259&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99945984.jpg?k=5ba662fb40823605058018c22396b3a31d8081b14fbdc47137330d7680f72fde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99945820.jpg?k=8154d75f962c3482f2051d37147bfb3130e357909cbce8f8b7af6e8e16dc9025&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259774247.jpg?k=01cbd69d3c0f370d762e03bd06b1e2923825b9621b379381c76d538e4e4999df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/252962172.jpg?k=ac9584871a6a8f4ef020cfab3a37e1efa0618eeae3aa0b2852041803e0c84341&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 20 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 150 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 850 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Georgi"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The apartment is spacious, it has one large bedroom, which is great for a couple and also one room with two single beds. The kitchen has everything you need and it is very clean. Great location, not very crowded but at the same time it is close to...”"\n  - name: "Andrii"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Власники дуже приємні та уважні до клієнтів. В апартаментах дуже затишно та комфортно. Розташування чудове. Єдиний мінус це дорога під вікнами. В апартаментах є все потрібне для комфортного проживання (окрім сковорідки більшого розміру). Загалом...”"\n  - name: "Giulia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento è al quinto piano di un palazzo vicinissimo al mare, con due balconi. Piccolo, pulito e dotato di tutti i comfort tra cui una lavatrice. La proprietaria molto disponibile e risponde subito ai messaggi.
All'arrivo ci è stata...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jelena-39-s-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Jelena's Luxury Apartments are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring spacious terraces that offer expansive sea vistas, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens, microwaves, toasters, fridges, stovetops, coffee machines, and kettles, cater to every culinary need, while the private bathrooms boast bidets and hair dryers for added convenience. The provision of high-quality bed linen and towels underscores the aparthotel's commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to savor a quick bite or a leisurely meal without venturing far, the on-site snack bar presents a variety of options, and packed lunches are readily available for day-trippers. Adventure enthusiasts will appreciate the array of activities accessible in the vicinity, including snorkeling, cycling, and fishing, ensuring a memorable experience for all. The beachfront location invites guests to unwind and soak in the coastal ambiance, with outdoor play equipment available for younger visitors.

Jelena's Luxury Apartments is ideally situated near several popular attractions, including VIP Beach, Flamingo Beach, and Mango Beach, making it a perfect base for exploring the area's highlights. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is conveniently located 97 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. This aparthotel represents an exceptional choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of luxury, location, and leisure.