---\ntitle: "Jessie's Apartments"\ndescription: "Jessie's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483442879.jpg?k=8b84b0290691d34ba98b1737434ba1c53ad11e37047fb9133d0d45b0ce3438e6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jessie-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bardhyl Shehu, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31242332\n  lng: 19.44193495\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483442879.jpg?k=8b84b0290691d34ba98b1737434ba1c53ad11e37047fb9133d0d45b0ce3438e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506401479.jpg?k=fbb9ad6cf8b2c73b7282bfc914f08ff9cec748f04554d8d3a7d0d72c426bfac4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490050597.jpg?k=c8f2e8632cad432da53b2ab82b66c91edcea88de2e64d6a0ea7e482a179b5eae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506399008.jpg?k=6ae048932f54a2cfd418f84deb670ea1e3f1860258a189675cd7e80708299a1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506399003.jpg?k=3089d3ca06a069d843311d4f91ee3f3eae01e8f9a6a273409f2743506e38053a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506407183.jpg?k=aa132383fda420371154b8e1949c579820614c5ee78d84244ab02690f2151d40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506401481.jpg?k=774bad6e87f2051da71805f387918a481b5506ab01641aaa3a82a92ee2cbf4be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490050503.jpg?k=80e67fe51eb1c6ddc9e1ade4ab83a55b5ade6cbdc343df37bcd497a0076e6b42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506399002.jpg?k=e2c433e6593bf0bdd1f86d69cf1f3570e8c52d1b9c58df1823b934b4a8111d8c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (29 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "My Way 100 m"\n  - "Hotel Ristorante Dollaku 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 100 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 750 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jesper"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“everything was really fine, we were happy with Jessie's apartment. Jessie is very nice, helpful and accommodating, we would love to come back to Jessie's place”"\n  - name: "Joker"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Everything worked out fine. Great host, who wasn't only friendly and helpful but also very organised and punctual. The place was clean and spacious, exactly what we needed. Located just a short walk from the main square and the promenade. Free...”"\n  - name: "Snowy87"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Apartment was great. Big, clean and had everything we needed, shower was hot and powerful. Location was good, 5 min walk to the beach front or to the old town. Jessie was very friendly and helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jessies-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living space enhanced by a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave and fridge, alongside a washing machine, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. The convenience of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, adds to the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, providing a peaceful retreat in the bustling city.

For those intrigued by history, the proximity to the Durres Amphitheatre, just 400 meters away, offers a glimpse into the past, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha stands as a testament to the country's unique history, both located 40 km from the accommodation. Adventure seekers can venture further to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 43 km away, or explore the natural beauty surrounding the Rock of Kavaje, 12 km from the apartment.

Accessibility is a breeze with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport situated 34 km away, complemented by the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service offered by Jessie's Apartments. This property not only promises a stay filled with exploration and discovery but also ensures a comfortable and convenient base for every traveler venturing into Durrës.