---\ntitle: "Jico Travel - Coli Apartment"\ndescription: "Jico Travel - Coli Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196361.jpg?k=cce357295475a6968cdb97325e0a6b286f5a2e2555cd2cb9fe8cbc897867c27d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jico-travel-coli-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Aristill Kokoshi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45180738\n  lng: 19.48880745\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196361.jpg?k=cce357295475a6968cdb97325e0a6b286f5a2e2555cd2cb9fe8cbc897867c27d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196355.jpg?k=f2f527ded01cb05a2eb10e04f94d463624af778adcc229c8f43bef8dc6b3778e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196358.jpg?k=da75f1325f399be52fdb5950b47427336e0472ba83f5c01eb190e60b67f62691&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196360.jpg?k=432c7ba8944116f221b9522a093a18070c71c9b48cf35a0d7669088d2eaefed0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502299140.jpg?k=e01d9dbdbce9f302bbddac09c417f682d21235d282ac6531b24a512702ca6c35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196364.jpg?k=001ee334ed2505eac3f760986167635201acca6e93167abb453dadf0f335d254&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196370.jpg?k=6aaf37e739a9362ad11512e49b5ec53d3eb6ebd2643bf8f76c86d1e9dfb91618&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196363.jpg?k=df8dcb625376c28e030d2efce1ad2add0b7d048983b3484cf1e52f82b0083fa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519196354.jpg?k=307f1ccd62f0ddd8879e353a2978b1d5db8358b5dba5896afe29e8e2e632d666&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Pizzeri and Crepes - Carraro 20 m"\n  - "Novus Traditional Food 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andreea"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very comfortable room, close to the beach and many restaurants”"\n  - name: "Giovanna783"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La posizione era ottima.. Vicinissimo alla spiaggia e a tutti i locali del lungomare...”"\n  - name: "Iuliia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Расположение прекрасное, квартира чистая, помогли заселиться поздно ночью. Довольно просторно. Чудесный вид на море, можно выпить кофе на террасе.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/arta-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that comes complete with an oven and a microwave. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines both luxury and the comforts of home. Notably, the apartment also features a private entrance, underscoring the property's commitment to providing guests with an intimate and exclusive lodging experience.

For those looking to explore the area, Jico Travel - Coli Apartment does not disappoint. The property facilitates sightseeing tours, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions. Additionally, the availability of both a bicycle rental service and a car rental service offers guests the flexibility to navigate Vlorë at their own pace.

Convenience is further amplified by the provision of airport transfers, ensuring a seamless connection to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away. Other notable landmarks, including Ri Beach and Independence Square, are easily accessible, lying 2.2 km and 2.3 km from the apartment, respectively.

With free WiFi throughout the premises, an elevator, and luggage storage space, Jico Travel - Coli Apartment not only promises a stay that is as hassle-free as it is enjoyable but also positions itself as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Vlorë.