---\ntitle: "Joel Residence"\ndescription: "Joel Residence Hotel stands as a prime destination for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and local cuisine, right on the shores of the Adriatic Sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288859547.jpg?k=33f60e329f15be574d106eade2355a87e462e23b41da8337f7803d15bf4f4964&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: joel-residence\naddress: "Lagjia 13, Plazh Hekurudha, 2003 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30549824\n  lng: 19.49023599\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 400\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288859547.jpg?k=33f60e329f15be574d106eade2355a87e462e23b41da8337f7803d15bf4f4964&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288856648.jpg?k=e9f7cbefe5de0900fb0ccb90cf0f93e60c4cb8a2250f9bdb056b6c447dcaedfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433598828.jpg?k=2165de591e5c7c632761cf1810ea8fc3a534f0df027f826df5a15c78637fefa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322185273.jpg?k=27d4afc5cbbecec4a08d6619076218bacd36b1265a307615aa0392f5c4ed8d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288854655.jpg?k=793af4265ad926d3570d0ec78980254f6f04495d5fa1a47dd15e24895665b0bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297792457.jpg?k=0a0cd0c9e37d065ca18793afc1fd787d32042b7e429e75773c79b24d0715348b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218961128.jpg?k=81d3bbd13f2d416e14d3ec94aec556ab6dcae6542c9ace5995a93d20301cc5b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288859247.jpg?k=f729d37ef699ea37938748af3bc94b6fc87b66ac7ec170b2ffc00d18e1db6064&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219087002.jpg?k=0e3d59275b9dc99419f96108235be161c8eaa315c6c3a5b66c25b639bf3de52a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera 20 m"\n  - "Beach bar Germany Hotel 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sueton"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice place. On the beach. Free sunbeds. Nice sea view from balcony.”"\n  - name: "Petri"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Hotelreseption was great...and also restaurant staff.”"\n  - name: "Katya"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, very clean room, great beach! For sure we'll be back!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/suli-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Joel Residence Hotel is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days and a furnished balcony that offers uninterrupted sea views. The inclusion of cable TV, a fridge, and a dining table ensures that guests have all the comforts of home at their fingertips. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower and bidet, adding an extra layer of convenience to the stay.

Beyond the rooms, the hotel boasts a café bar that opens up to a spacious terrace, inviting guests to relax with a drink in hand while soaking in the coastal ambiance. For those peckish moments, a snack bar is also available, providing quick bites without having to leave the comfort of the hotel. The convenience of free parking on-site is a notable perk for travelers arriving by car.

Situated just a short drive from the heart of Durrës, Joel Residence Hotel is ideally located for guests looking to explore the city's rich history and attractions. The Port of Durrës and the iconic Durrës Amphitheatre are within easy reach, only 3 km and 5 km away respectively. For international travelers, Tirana Airport is a manageable 37 km from the hotel, making it a convenient choice for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Joel Residence Hotel emerges as a top choice for those in pursuit of a serene beachfront location, exceptional local cuisine, and the ease of access to some of Albania's most notable landmarks.