---\ntitle: "Johan's Apartment"\ndescription: "Johan's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523542.jpg?k=6a236f24fee0bb7143d89c63d1f9a345f34c2c48713c3de085cc94d998e612c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: johan-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32049159\n  lng: 19.81691515\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523542.jpg?k=6a236f24fee0bb7143d89c63d1f9a345f34c2c48713c3de085cc94d998e612c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523300.jpg?k=a24505cc76d364017640111d3d1293f8374f72b9fba998189d70ba5b3f824dd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523440.jpg?k=ded209e891d0210237b07f38778190bc7152d5de37e6327c61c12a61ecbb0b36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523537.jpg?k=af8965660df7163fbded05e27635ddf54376ced878c40e1f16d635f94b35389c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523522.jpg?k=88d21df75fd3d1c93e0fa569e64da733d39e993264d23d3e781b969c72526abd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523426.jpg?k=de51fe7e104a6859d52d35efdb7fcbc24ced3ccb0e3a263357de8a4ff30a5d3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523419.jpg?k=42134f0967214432ebf9ba4d0cee51d24fe76118e3fd96f41c535350695413a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523561.jpg?k=2cf7ecde8522a5182f4058fb42c0783ec3c05142ffc4d53de32c07b9e001abc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528523517.jpg?k=8fb1eb092ba001ab02cc01d8c4d8d672368f74018ec10f21348d04eedc77326e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Principe Bastardo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 50 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 250 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Goro"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Our stay in Johan's apartment was quite amazing. We weren't expecting the apartmanet to have such a great location in the heart of Blloku neighbourhood where all the shops and fancy cafe and restaurants of Tirana are. The area was quite and there...”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“\"J'ai passé un séjour extraordinaire dans cet appartement exceptionnel. La décoration est élégante et moderne, créant une ambiance chaleureuse. Les équipements sont de haute qualité, offrant un confort optimal. De plus, l'emplacement central...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/johans-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious haven with a balcony that boasts sweeping city views. Guests can enjoy the luxury of two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster, perfect for those who prefer to prepare their meals. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and free WiFi ensures that entertainment and connectivity are readily available. Moreover, the property prides itself on being non-smoking and includes a lift for easy access.

For those looking to explore Tirana at their own pace, Johan's Apartment facilitates this with a car rental service right at your doorstep. Its location is ideal for guests eager to discover local attractions such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, all of which are within close proximity.

Quiet street views promise a serene retreat from the bustling city life, making it a perfect setting for both relaxation and adventure. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 16 km away, guests will find Johan's Apartment not just accessible, but a gateway to experiencing the rich culture and beauty of Tirana.