---\ntitle: "John's Guesthouse"\ndescription: "John's Guesthouse emerges as a charming retreat just 250 meters from the pristine beaches of Ksamil, offering guests a serene escape with the convenience of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259323655.jpg?k=7dc492be8b68dfbe7afd3658be4adda3225e88c131b1c534525d9c899f24ff42&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: john-s-guesthouse\naddress: "Xamili, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7748504\n  lng: 20.00401676\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 603\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259323655.jpg?k=7dc492be8b68dfbe7afd3658be4adda3225e88c131b1c534525d9c899f24ff42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426774236.jpg?k=b767d204aef42813261109f633e3d5c928de3f9ab717c6f991bdf2d73c7c610d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259323347.jpg?k=b752649f7209aa924df377252d45de3a3c6ed8df15b216f05d232488532c8d68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259323123.jpg?k=5267a3b0bf1591ba418b12670f1197a8a4c09e45b5504fce3c3674c89baf3643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259494790.jpg?k=fda71d14af7d199d04b3dc956b3f124f6ccfff4724ff1d04baca6d2acaf54ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426773837.jpg?k=f480a7ba02a1a5b3f0dc6e47d1a70c796a5f8f98bcb1e5eddcae501dfb5ac480&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426769655.jpg?k=1427c8fd0335cd482faa08415c30ba1a6bab3a15236890dc20bbcb004ebca66b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259494661.jpg?k=cf2d30a41d792cf5f264a2cbe92f3595372f3e1d2b7f189a78d3c47db327ec58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259323623.jpg?k=87d8bf43322db378e78f15bea716abf657c0b21cb6598b56bc3f8be478488624&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Siciliana 100 m"\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 250 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing view and John and his family were so welcoming and attentive throughout our stay. They also have a great bar/restaurant there.”"\n  - name: "Giannina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful location. Everything was really clean. Staff were very welcoming and helpful. We’d definitely stay again.”"\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very beautiful setting and great location with easy access to the beach. Friendly staff and good sized room.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/john-39-s-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBeyond the comfort of the rooms, the guesthouse features private bathrooms equipped with showers, complemented by picturesque views of the surrounding garden and mountains, adding a touch of tranquility to the stay.

For dining and relaxation, John's Guesthouse doesn't disappoint. The on-site restaurant and bar cater to culinary desires, while the terrace and garden invite guests to unwind in a peaceful setting. 

Adding to its appeal, this guesthouse is situated a mere 4.5 km from the UNESCO-protected Butrint archaeological site, making it an ideal base for history enthusiasts eager to explore the area's rich past. The vibrant city of Sarande is also within easy reach, located just 12 km away. Convenience is further enhanced by the provision of free private parking, ensuring a hassle-free experience for those traveling by car.

John's Guesthouse stands out as a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.