---\ntitle: "Jon's Duplex"\ndescription: "Jon's Duplex emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968406.jpg?k=21c3270c77d7783d59ca1ca184f3f358af23cdb56202ced994ceba5154f9a1b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jon-s-duplex\naddress: "Rruga Selaudin Zorba Atrium Residence, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3443649\n  lng: 19.8312539\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968406.jpg?k=21c3270c77d7783d59ca1ca184f3f358af23cdb56202ced994ceba5154f9a1b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968396.jpg?k=dd65765359a24c235b5b73fed7c001f9b4fe19785d86303869c650d39bfead64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430261116.jpg?k=5235be9b0ec09ec204247236f37c154cf054949920508a5c93ff46a2cc34a090&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968401.jpg?k=4a6408f774c3ffe0c697b3e49623de6881c987ba140a9475891573ac7a761be7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430261170.jpg?k=a640a1adceaaa49ac414e73227e1f48d2a3ddc79378eee031937cdd3ab8a87dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968412.jpg?k=29ba47fdee2fbe0005c0b0fe305e983b1ea36df3dd3ea409372708911b994bb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968415.jpg?k=dc9e6f54ed5b81bfcfd905806da9170ebddd715a23a771ff1e46b6f608f811af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420968360.jpg?k=8bf45d745e4f2f3cc19acbb982673530102ff4c982f60e5545268bd24dc3c37f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523909250.jpg?k=f8823dd62083631c305f90693b27c60a402d1680ba816a54bb43db927d9d8577&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 5 250 m"\n  - "Nevada Caffe 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bilal"\n    country: "Bahrain"\n    text: "“The host was helpful and guided us smoothly to the location, made sure that we have a free parking. The property is located in a building that has a market, and barber. Apartment had all the necessities like iron, and a washer/dryer.”"\n  - name: "Agon"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“It was clean, quiet area, free parking on site, helpful host and cool apartment”"\n  - name: "Fangt"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“1. The host is super friendly and helpful :) She recommended us the restaurant for dinner, and it was really nice. We loved it.
2. The duplex is newly built. It was clean and had everything we needed.
3. The private car park is a big plus....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jons-duplex.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned 1-bedroom apartment is a haven of tranquility, boasting a garden view that invites guests to unwind in a peaceful setting. The availability of private parking and complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, ensuring that guests enjoy both ease and connectivity throughout their visit. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further underscores the property's dedication to providing a clean and healthy atmosphere.

The apartment itself is thoughtfully appointed with modern amenities and comforts. A cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV serves as the heart of the space, perfect for relaxation after a day of exploration. The kitchen is fully equipped, featuring a toaster and a fridge, catering to the culinary needs of guests who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, the inclusion of a hair dryer in the bathroom adds a touch of convenience to the grooming routine.

For those seeking to celebrate or simply enjoy a moment of indulgence, the apartment offers the option to savor wine or champagne and fruits, adding an extra layer of luxury to the stay. 

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, both located just a few kilometers away. These cultural landmarks provide insightful glimpses into the artistic and historical heritage of Albania.

Accessibility is a key feature of Jon's Duplex, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 14 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests.

In summary, Jon's Duplex stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in Tirana.