---\ntitle: "Jon's Penthouse"\ndescription: "Jon's Penthouse emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685698.jpg?k=90f95f63a28751bd9532186979b562c244a5c4c0f3949a0ec02ae950619baf53&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jon-s-penthouse\naddress: "SH81 floor nr5, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86258584\n  lng: 20.01907127\nprice: "US$72"\npriceFrom: 72\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685698.jpg?k=90f95f63a28751bd9532186979b562c244a5c4c0f3949a0ec02ae950619baf53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685683.jpg?k=952e4e09b3c0f8426f24f7877e4fbcf18c75a141ed2f6e02bc79bb391f466b8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685685.jpg?k=b5153d086837447c629fad910aee4b4b585e0ecab9f46830b44bc40b4ee48d2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105964527.jpg?k=8b7f48427a0e05a6677b1087b46e9512a6b75d5414a4b1175ad64d46944e685d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103745207.jpg?k=7231d330a5c658a383ea71f09b1ae4bec4c2f3be98d25179afa13c8f654f7d7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685694.jpg?k=72513dd1b217076f6701b33e539158ff8399e5b8b4b8322432f53bc79ebcee7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685692.jpg?k=b58857d3ad6f30689f00fc49de3751568457fa44e22198f2e29fedfbd7c2a00a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103685697.jpg?k=f0e3cd9b0f6a1b54cec4309347d1c2396b864e45f5ce7c6fb809a589688ff0ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379351169.jpg?k=af8ba33806818e2e56fcdb633f6586766e9b6e47ccd86525a74739550bd5211f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Bequa 2 10 m"\n  - "Gelateria Gusto 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 400 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 450 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 500 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 700 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nachum"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Jon is a super nice, friendly, and helpful host. The location is quiet and close to supermarkets and walking distance to the city center. The view from the apartment is AMAZING. Extremely beautiful sunsets. The apartment has everything you need...”"\n  - name: "Vincent"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment is in a really condition and has all the amenities you’ll need: from a coffee maker to an iron and ironing board. The apartment has a really big balcony with a nice lounge sofa and the view is breathtaking. Walking distance to the...”"\n  - name: "Vladimir"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Јоhn is a great host and has all recomendations from my side.He was very helpful for all the things we need during our stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jon-39-s.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property stands out not only for its enviable location but also for the array of amenities designed to enhance every stay. The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a fridge. The highlight, however, is the terrace that offers guests a chance to dine al fresco while soaking in the garden's tranquil beauty.

For those who prioritize convenience, Jon's Penthouse does not disappoint. The inclusion of an elevator ensures easy access to the apartment, while the availability of dry cleaning services adds an extra layer of comfort. Additionally, guests can avail themselves of the ironing service, ensuring that they look their best during their stay.

Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find the location of Jon's Penthouse particularly appealing. VIP Beach is merely 800 meters away, offering a perfect spot for sunbathing and relaxation. Meanwhile, the historic Butrint National Park, located 14 kilometers from the apartment, provides a fascinating excursion opportunity. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 96 kilometers away, making Jon's Penthouse an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Jon's Penthouse presents a compelling package of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting Sarandë.