---\ntitle: "Jon's Apartment"\ndescription: "Jon's Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393571.jpg?k=c861a18d2e4216096d05774da310ffc0de03c1e23823e17e34bf6ff902fd90a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jon-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Selaudin Zorba, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3443649\n  lng: 19.8312539\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393571.jpg?k=c861a18d2e4216096d05774da310ffc0de03c1e23823e17e34bf6ff902fd90a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393737.jpg?k=d32f72293f86feedf8a53d3984e7676acff3e8389aabf7acf6acf80977356f41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393987.jpg?k=f16a11003ff509b43ba0e8c50f2edad7bb89f9cd99fe617d26af9c2e95c3c103&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480394036.jpg?k=4876bdddaf5fbe621a2b3a14a5bdd6d9178b84a06ef47b2a52a4221bd70e4047&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393607.jpg?k=a0d409ce67251d9334dc787cae6666976008cf03ca48328d7d38733abb61d432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456467684.jpg?k=42e8f4f06608ff9e12c7f8323d30f4bb282fca7e01491b47a06799f87418c2f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393784.jpg?k=eedd60a6bc8259212daea76b94af41f3a33325ca8ba2c77d5b1eecd4ceddeebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393978.jpg?k=b2c3f2d030417e8dc3e831e537d474d0cfb17f5e299e450399f18427f135a06e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480393699.jpg?k=f327e4e24fb49b417bf4ccdc5c2e80703dcd2f421e233cf7e11ab7ef6ff48862&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 5 250 m"\n  - "Nevada Caffe 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Resul"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything about this apartment is excellent. The location, free parking in the garage, elevator, cleanliness... The hosts were super friendly and helped us with all our questions. I highly recommend this place. It was a pleasure to stay here.”"\n  - name: "Duran"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Clean and spacious apartment Private parking Very friendly owner”"\n  - name: "Charloth"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“It was very clean and tidy, the place is very quiet and cozy felt like our home for the days we were there. Also the owner was very kind and responsible.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartamenti-23-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a slice of home with its well-appointed living spaces. The air-conditioned unit features a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that presents a picturesque view of the garden. The kitchen, complete with a toaster and fridge, invites guests to prepare their meals, while the inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of convenience.

Privacy and comfort are paramount at Jon's Apartment, as evidenced by the private entrance that ushers guests into their temporary haven. The thoughtful addition of complimentary fruits further enhances the welcoming atmosphere, ensuring a pleasant start to the stay.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, the on-site minimarket proves incredibly handy. Meanwhile, explorers eager to delve into Albania's rich history will find the National Museum of History Albania within easy reach, just 2.4 km away. Shopping aficionados are not left out, with Toptani Shopping Centre located 2.6 km from the apartment, offering a variety of retail options.

Accessibility is another highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 14 km away, making Jon's Apartment an ideal choice for travelers seeking both exploration and ease. With its combination of strategic location, comfort, and thoughtful amenities, Jon's Apartment is more than just a place to stay—it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and history of Tirana.