---\ntitle: "Jona’s apartament"\ndescription: "Jona's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/1585265594882276/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jona-s-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28488855\n  lng: 19.51147131\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://graph.facebook.com/v2.9/1585265594882276/picture?type=square&height=64&width=64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/de/f6251761605d6215469da2bf2c1816db2a128ed2.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485186315.jpg?k=22d4cd6fc166839c162dc023c3a7e685de9ac7a1163fca6210516b100045ef61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/485186763.jpg?k=d7eab2b0aa4389c4af7d324559e8f583cbd8aca6de589bd6e7e788bce9f6bf80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/485186614.jpg?k=9903306ced96f27e07bd1451e8e4f371a341a7de424a12393796fd8f7ad25ffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/485186559.jpg?k=702abc845337099b159a0a7eaf3acd7448f81b3ec4a6f0b7e00471851449b3a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/485186168.jpg?k=3fa510a9cd18402f6366c8d27d5bd2828fff03aec2c6181891661998f343b7a4&o=&hp=1"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 40 m"\n  - "Majestic 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Es war alles super, in der Nähe von Strand. Auf der Straße, die Händler waren sehr freundlich.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jonas-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment, set against a backdrop of lush garden views, is a haven of tranquility. It boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring a restful night's sleep for all guests. The living space is thoughtfully designed with a satellite flat-screen TV and a cozy dining area, perfect for leisurely meals. A fully equipped kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, allows visitors the freedom to prepare their own culinary delights, adding a touch of home to their travel experience.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The air-conditioned interiors provide a cool retreat from the Mediterranean warmth, making it an ideal year-round destination.

Strategically positioned, Jona's Apartment is not only close to the beach but also within a reasonable distance from significant cultural landmarks. The historic Durres Amphitheatre is just 11 km away, offering a glimpse into the city's rich past. For those interested in exploring further, Skanderbeg Square and the intriguing House of Leaves are both located approximately 41 km from the apartment, promising an enriching day out.

Accessibility is a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport situated just 35 km away, making Jona's Apartment a convenient base for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, Jona's Apartment stands out as a top recommendation for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of Durrës, offering all the comforts of home in a location that's hard to beat.