---\ntitle: "Jonexh Apartments"\ndescription: "Jonexh Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431548860.jpg?k=4a811304cd787d1e8d9766991ab752ff8cd9c07454eb898bd71150a2392d2edf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jonexh-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Vaso Pasha 7, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32171171\n  lng: 19.81579996\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 90\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431548860.jpg?k=4a811304cd787d1e8d9766991ab752ff8cd9c07454eb898bd71150a2392d2edf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435891584.jpg?k=85baa6ba3174f0ca63f85e3fcf83cdb1c3c3fd83b844738ca7ab5ee13f5001a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440813330.jpg?k=39f841c8da2d3360192e8b04c14ed7a0e619e263536e6aed05fc33d56fb56514&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435893151.jpg?k=37a8f52a978292985374fb3068a5487943e35e0b177170dbd8f6e5d20484bbaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431548604.jpg?k=5263e66a2b88dbd0aa1ecec50a117b3ca95f70a226992f6645e9b3c3209221ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440814159.jpg?k=74eff4881154711dc7303e496bbdd2f05e34dbb0556bafe80f3dfe403221bd06&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (98 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mia Bistro 7 m"\n  - "Deliziosa 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orlando"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The staff was great,very polite,helpful and speaking a very good Italian.the place is well located and close to everything.”"\n  - name: "Jānis"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“The most airbnb looking stay we had seen - all the details are well thought out to make your stay comfortable. Area is super cool with a lot of cafes and bars.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great little property and great comms with Alba. Stayed again at the end of the trip”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jonexh-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Jonexh Apartments are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless and personalized experience from the moment of arrival. The apartments are designed with families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that cater to the needs of all ages.

Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and complimentary WiFi access. The private bathrooms are a highlight, offering walk-in showers, soft slippers, and hair dryers, ensuring guests can refresh and rejuvenate in style. For those seeking a breath of fresh air, select rooms boast balconies that offer a glimpse into the city's bustling life.

The convenience of Jonexh Apartments extends beyond its walls, with a variety of dining options available in close proximity, inviting guests to explore the local culinary scene.

Noteworthy attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud are within easy reach, making Jonexh Apartments an ideal base for those eager to explore Tirana's most fascinating sights. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, ensuring a smooth transition to and from the city.

Jonexh Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a blend of privacy, comfort, and accessibility to the city's most captivating attractions.