---\ntitle: "Joni's Pool Condo 10"\ndescription: "Joni's Pool Condo 10 emerges as a refreshing retreat in the heart of Golem, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking a serene getaway."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348779.jpg?k=dfd2e02d54d1a16cb01bae657808002594869ca4a309cf865f42f49481f8437d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: joni-s-pool-condo-10\naddress: "Mali i Robit, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23289001\n  lng: 19.51909402\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348779.jpg?k=dfd2e02d54d1a16cb01bae657808002594869ca4a309cf865f42f49481f8437d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348870.jpg?k=76428175de1db91464e70dc7feec0e4ad8bd5fe936ec72358f9ff20e358f367a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348875.jpg?k=4fe67a479d490f98eaf4f7c4b8186cd6ee1114e6fea36e0e80bab936e29ee6ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348842.jpg?k=a1c972e0125a51870a6dcb14dd198ad4032aa689861d2e14288df87d6cb7169a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348851.jpg?k=6fd8e4a2a1a2807e7521afa57f82b08c211b4695c7cfcd1f74a40931a46e294c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348834.jpg?k=a70ebf9214cc3efaabad60abd195de816d8b211b9113a00cf62bbd0617e25a15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348846.jpg?k=d06cf83567c87a2500777d6cab7c5d4fe5e2e4cd771e9f1b9166f40521040255&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348858.jpg?k=58586161bb856b15324423a6d2a5d0f36ac52ca1f09f49d4b2d73c3734a95873&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376348864.jpg?k=59b932afb85193ca8e7af2ed50090552df7bbe587c6f118221648e08c1c0786b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 150 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lars"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr nette Familie. Vor Allem Joni war sehr nett und hat uns viel geholfen. Sehr großer Pool. Kaum ausländische Touristen. Genau das richtige Albanienfeeling.”"\n  - name: "Bastian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Freundliche Gastgeber, moderne Einrichtung, Pool ist super, nette Pizzeria direkt am Pool, sauber und gut ausgestattet.”"\n  - name: "Vezuli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was nice and clean and the location was easy to find. The owner was very friendly and helpful. We had some problems with the Wi-Fi at first, but Joni contacted immediately the service provider and it was fixed really fast. Mali i...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jonis-pool-condo-10.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, Joni's Pool Condo 10 presents a modern one-bedroom apartment equipped with a fully functional kitchen, including a fridge and stovetop, ensuring guests feel right at home. The living space is thoughtfully designed with a flat-screen TV and a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a shower, towels, and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those looking to bask in the sun, the outdoor swimming pool provides an ideal spot to relax and soak up the serene atmosphere. While the apartment is a haven for relaxation, it also serves as a perfect base to explore the surrounding attractions. The historic Rock of Kavaje is just a short drive away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, both accessible within a reasonable distance. Moreover, the convenience of being located 42 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures a hassle-free travel experience for international guests.

Joni's Pool Condo 10 stands out as a prime choice for those seeking a blend of leisure and exploration in the picturesque setting of Golem.