---\ntitle: "Jonian Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Jonian Boutique Hotel emerges as a refined choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528259126.jpg?k=32d714d94f0e3b2f9ba4c22756378c19640c28163e153eee4cb391447d6dea59&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jonian-boutique-hotel\naddress: "80 Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87452267\n  lng: 20.0098762\nprice: "US$23"\npriceFrom: 23\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528259126.jpg?k=32d714d94f0e3b2f9ba4c22756378c19640c28163e153eee4cb391447d6dea59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521346317.jpg?k=d3612d1d8f8c17b6837c0dd7a34e5d9fab7ab86771c7b6a62c86f89128a68229&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521358540.jpg?k=92ba8e672665fd425b31b31dd1a5e8ba0fade61ca7b2731a3675175f6568d298&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521880314.jpg?k=78a1bd3701f0bad9616a33114b544fbd326232c50d13f3d56b32963b088af7c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521880316.jpg?k=cef8a357195bf6b530157437cf098311240ec91bc2292ac992c8c53280bdb145&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526177580.jpg?k=a0d47132f33900d13552283307806662cfcc7f0c60588260ae04e66e8d6dd432&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Premium Quadruple Room"\n  - "Premium Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "21 Bar 30 m"\n  - "Black light 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 100 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 750 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 850 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Frida"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I enjoyed staying here a lot. It was very quiet and nearby sea. The rooms and the enviroment overall were so clean. I am definitely coming again in summer ☀️”"\n  - name: "Gabrielle"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'esperienza è stata fantastica! Pulito, accogliente e a due passi dalla spiaggia. Il personale è stato cordiale e le camere erano confortevoli. Consigliato per una vacanza al mare senza preoccupazioni”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Ich habe dort eine tolle Zeit verbracht, obwohl nicht gerade Sommersaison war, es war sehr zentral, nur wenige Schritte vom Strand und dem Stadtzentrum entfernt, das Zimmer war mit neuen Möbeln ausgestattet und sehr sauber. Das Hotel hatte seinen...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ahmeti-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nSecurity and guest convenience are paramount, with around-the-clock security, efficient luggage storage, and currency exchange services ensuring a worry-free stay. Each air-conditioned unit is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a desk, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a terrace, alongside a private bathroom featuring a shower. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the provision of free WiFi across the premises, with select rooms further enhancing the experience with private balconies. The attention to detail extends to the essentials, with quality bed linen and towels readily available in all units.

Mornings at Jonian Boutique Hotel promise a delightful start with a continental breakfast menu that includes favorites like pancakes and cheese, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation.

For those looking to venture beyond the immediate comforts of the hotel, Butrint National Park offers a natural escape just 16 km away, while Ioannina Airport, located 96 km from the property, facilitates ease of travel to and from the hotel. Jonian Boutique Hotel thus positions itself as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration in Sarandë, promising an experience that is as memorable as it is comfortable.