---\ntitle: "Joyous Apartments"\ndescription: "Joyous Apartments emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, situated merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488684.jpg?k=31f4f34a56ac53cbd79f048c0d608284301dba5a706b155ef60e29663abfbc39&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: joyous-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima Baba rexhepi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87435855\n  lng: 19.99096754\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 89\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488684.jpg?k=31f4f34a56ac53cbd79f048c0d608284301dba5a706b155ef60e29663abfbc39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386489666.jpg?k=56fde664382b81e50524123021ca71e64ebd2cba1ed8992d6084063435483fe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386490572.jpg?k=f5d4a9be68ed3467dd1e25992bd6a942b215aeb7dd6c9992828fbe088bda4e6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488824.jpg?k=b73e395b00183df278b3ff43aee9c191ddf20bc846b9af5ca6f3890ec117ee17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488797.jpg?k=1f80a9d8d800ff0917b0a9713274099530515db86cad23bdcd80f9bc2ad73fa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386489692.jpg?k=daa009feb5f23bf6d00347f4c59302fe5ef8a2adddef052a970c5f5689f6d650&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386489061.jpg?k=6b2a2792bdb3a86a400559decfe26dad810cecbdb1957d098110fb664dcd4c43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488672.jpg?k=e6288629dc5d9e6160a760ca48d36ddf90a67629515131e61784b166574a4cae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386488674.jpg?k=c9f6276d59781fd5ce032c6ede8bb0172d0e551c793f9b43c8279013547f4b37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Beni Peshkatari 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ju"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“Owner is so kind and generous. Place is very easy to find,”"\n  - name: "Pmazurek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“good location, comfortable apartment, helpful host :)”"\n  - name: "Dementior"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Big rooms. Great value overall. Very nice host, good communication.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/grande-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a welcoming 24-hour front desk, bolstered by round-the-clock security and a handy currency exchange service, ensuring a seamless and secure experience from check-in to departure. The apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each unit opens up to a refreshing terrace, offering garden views that promise a tranquil start to the day. Inside, the presence of a satellite flat-screen TV with cable channels, alongside indispensable air conditioning and heating, guarantees entertainment and comfort in any season.

The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, each equipped with a bidet and hair dryer for convenience. Select apartments raise the bar with fully equipped kitchens, complete with a toaster, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their own meals. Complementing the in-room amenities, bed linen and towels are meticulously provided in all units, ensuring a touch of home.

For those eager to explore, Joyous Apartments is ideally located within easy reach of sightseeing tours, inviting guests to discover the area's attractions. The property's garden offers a peaceful retreat for moments of relaxation amidst nature.

Beyond its immediate comforts, the apartment's location is unbeatably strategic. Saranda Bay Beach is just over a kilometer away, with Saranda City Beach slightly further, making it a breeze for guests to immerse themselves in the local beach scene. For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the accommodation, making Joyous Apartments an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Joyous Apartments stands as a distinguished choice for those in pursuit of a memorable stay in Sarande, combining the comforts of home with the ease of access to the city's most enchanting sights.