---\ntitle: "Jozi Kaiser Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Jozi Kaiser Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356329043.jpg?k=22f805d656e7875021d1f3b55aed1c4246b0950d484d5355716f3e7b298fc6fc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jozi-kaiser-apartment-1\naddress: "Vila e Zogut, Rruga Kont Urani 34, Pallati 5 katesh, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31484082\n  lng: 19.43962792\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356329043.jpg?k=22f805d656e7875021d1f3b55aed1c4246b0950d484d5355716f3e7b298fc6fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452638074.jpg?k=f1e3813f3d425de8df9c08b9ccf406957d5f38e0c6c607f7ca8b4b5dc3c900e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356270078.jpg?k=dcf156ba2adce91f80f33010a3723e9104a84ec62859d6d416cc4aa34f58d0e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452638072.jpg?k=a5e64a875df4ad6b4993e1167f23c277017f61b32927332e4f09b9c0da9b6940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365913227.jpg?k=15efbdad21493895dcf8680e06435bfab04bf375484b3348ae263f538c54f3dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356834294.jpg?k=5f786b71390b32a38b691d76ba893be8dc0e2395fac2bda411aae78934b99838&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356270083.jpg?k=b04123156deb4a96aef747b18b812eada7138d7b84a0dc89429eaf402eddbc96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452638070.jpg?k=16c3032344741396adc8d0d74c1843368db12f0ace715963fff789ca7aa374ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377050995.jpg?k=643681ca6ac7e8fabc425906b48c1241589eeb38280cd370f4ed06d1b5d31ece&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Terrazza Rooftop Wine Bar 100 m"\n  - "Marvi 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 500 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 700 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 450 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 550 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 800 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 900 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christiaan"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“A wonderful place to stay with a 360° view of Durres and the coastline. But it comes with a price: a steep uphill climb, as the room is situated next to the royal villa on a 100m hill. (Make sure you have your own transport, or hail a taxi!!!)
An...”"\n  - name: "Voicu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Exceptional services, amazing view, everything is very clean, safe private parking, the distance to the beaches and promenade is 13 minutes on foot, by car 2 minutes, you can spend the exceptional time in the city of Durres”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Breakfast was amazing! The host was really nice and took great care of us. We will definitely come back when visiting Durres again. The view from the rooms and the terrace was also great, and everything was super clean and the beds were...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jozi-kaiser.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious sanctuary with air-conditioning, a bedroom leading to a terrace that boasts impressive city views, and the tranquility of quiet street vistas. The inclusion of modern amenities such as free WiFi and private parking enhances the convenience factor, making it an ideal home away from home.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the apartment complex features a picnic area, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely days under the open sky. The proximity to notable attractions like the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, located 43 km and 12 km away respectively, positions Jozi Kaiser Apartment 1 as a gateway to adventure and exploration.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 34 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. Whether it's the allure of the beach, the charm of city views, or the call of the mountains, Jozi Kaiser Apartment 1 caters to diverse tastes and preferences, making it a compelling choice for discerning travelers.