---\ntitle: "Jusal Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Jusal Sea View Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, merely steps away from the pristine Mango Beach and a short stroll from the inviting Flamingo Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939948.jpg?k=61a3f76b1d10305cab1ee88ee45668084fd378801c2ccdc8ac0241692285cf3d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: jusal-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85073657\n  lng: 20.02237447\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939948.jpg?k=61a3f76b1d10305cab1ee88ee45668084fd378801c2ccdc8ac0241692285cf3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939979.jpg?k=9cdb45e222db44747d0d59f3e2d9e85841ec52321864c22bf721acf8365cb032&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939971.jpg?k=3809fc0e3cf318947a0c6ff4c3f09c864523305ba5d7f535be33b428d0ea662f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939886.jpg?k=6b549d8a9480ed46f232819532c6dd3656d1e38180bc3f6b21818e25ca92eb60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939987.jpg?k=9fad1933fb22fe2f47476b71b5b06ab7d44e8c99a650e229da84e70663befc29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939964.jpg?k=a6d28eb17505b24f7c68a8fdff60f8ff3643ebe37cc874c8b633ba77c15b8f56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409940019.jpg?k=873fbdf54ce03dca51939a4e4d66317ca72e1a40f7a6455466c073f6097555d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939999.jpg?k=404814dd94a950278c162b6bffe35760ff6ea5ab17f356c1c344ca7c4b7ad278&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409939938.jpg?k=f7214762dc8a7183eb667ffd41868d7ce7114fe5f1afb64256b105c0ed0463c1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Clubitalianelmondo 100 m"\n  - "Sunrise 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 450 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 900 m"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 200 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 950 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“An apartment in a modern block with an elevator.
Apartment well equipped, comfortable, with a large balcony. 5 minutes to the public beach. Away from the hustle and bustle of the center, therefore great for families with children.
Close to...”"\n  - name: "Diellza"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The location was very close to one of the beaches, the flat was new and very nice. The lady who took care of the cleanliness was so kind and left the apartment very clean. The hostess was very kind and helpful. Would recommend this to anyone who...”"\n  - name: "Tomek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Najlepszy apartament w jakim spaliśmy podczas pobytu w Albanii, i do tego najtańszy ze wszystkich :) Byliśmy w październiku, ale było ciepło i jako jedyny z 3 apartamentow, które mieliśmy, miał pościele, a nie koce :) Mieści się w tym samym...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jusal-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven offers more than just a place to rest; it's a spacious retreat equipped with modern amenities and designed for ultimate relaxation. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a sleek flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that caters to every culinary need with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge. The highlight, however, is the breathtaking sea views from the patio, furnished for guests to unwind and soak in the tranquil surroundings. The thoughtful addition of soundproofing and a private entrance ensures an undisturbed and personalized stay.

For those arriving from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Ioannina airport, located 98 km away, adds to the seamless experience. Jusal Sea View Apartment doesn't just offer a stay; it promises a memorable escape with the comfort of home and the luxury of privacy and serene views.