---\ntitle: "Kadrisa Hotel"\ndescription: "Kadrisa Hotel emerges as a charming retreat just a short 250-meter stroll from the beach, offering guests a blend of traditional hospitality and modern comforts."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73761968.jpg?k=fd105cc703652916a71f0a6d30bbd2061cb628cba91dd84051b516e8ceb47dd6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kadrisa-hotel\naddress: "L13 Rruga Iliria, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30131562\n  lng: 19.50064793\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 292\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 7.7\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 7.7\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 7.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73761968.jpg?k=fd105cc703652916a71f0a6d30bbd2061cb628cba91dd84051b516e8ceb47dd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73761883.jpg?k=d82cd73d8ad3465f7891c3ba0b57d290536e68f81d1f09cce5825c4c36a0522e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73762255.jpg?k=c9aa1933bec515f7fd83f6d33559f6c1baf59becf19c6ce66ef71e4256ddcfeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100822797.jpg?k=d62f2da066c7d21a7581e87776263d9a538e7ec1e915fbe581c0a65cf26312be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/96051126.jpg?k=270feee8cbeb932c5c63d47f87266b5dcf0cca22526263ea78d5569d89d5dced&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73761929.jpg?k=13ca1a5897368f2a95b433ccf2bb14fdb24fdf58e70dd2c8ecd59255cc92bf51&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Esperado 50 m"\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Asia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A very helpful owner who welcomed us in the middle of the night and helped us arrange a taxi to the airport on the way back home- which made things very easy for us.
Breakfast included in the price - fresh vegetables and fruits, eggs in several...”"\n  - name: "Zoje"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Shume mire e pozicionuar, dhome e paster, staf i shkëlqyer. Mengjes shume i bollshem dhe i mire.”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Friendliest staff i've met in a long time - due to a misunderstanding someone (the owner, i think) even came and picked me up from where the bus dropped me off in the middle of the night 🙏 they even filled up breakfast 5 mins before it was over...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kadrisa-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Kadrisa Hotel extends an invitation to comfort, featuring a private balcony for soaking in the surroundings. The inclusion of a flat-screen cable TV and a minibar in every room adds a touch of home, ensuring a stay that is both relaxing and convenient. The en suite bathrooms, equipped with showers, underscore the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

Beyond the privacy of the rooms, Kadrisa Hotel boasts a café bar nestled within a verdant garden, offering a spacious terrace that serves as a perfect backdrop for unwinding. The presence of a children's playground highlights the hotel's family-friendly ethos, making it a suitable choice for guests of all ages.

Situated 32 km from Tirana Airport, the hotel's location combines accessibility with the allure of seaside tranquility. Whether it's savoring traditional dishes at the on-site restaurant or exploring the nearby beach, Kadrisa Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality for those seeking a memorable stay in Durrës.