---\ntitle: "Kallmet Villa"\ndescription: "Kallmet Villa stands as a serene retreat in Kallmeti i Madh, a stone's throw away from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and the tranquil Lake Skadar, located 33 km and 34 km away respectively."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463891111.jpg?k=defa85692a19aaf6778d60eae5b4e89397488f2b44a49ff2a29caa04e776f1f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kallmet-villa\naddress: "Rruga Lezhë - Vau i Dejës, 4507 Kallmeti i Madh, Albania"\ncity: "Kallmeti"\nlocation: "Kallmeti"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.8576731\n  lng: 19.69509004\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463891111.jpg?k=defa85692a19aaf6778d60eae5b4e89397488f2b44a49ff2a29caa04e776f1f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437840599.jpg?k=ea2030c63d99884d80bbfefb1d3d57b89c8a9df1c84ffdf4a994715103f5c316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357382971.jpg?k=6ab5c00c143cfb4b0125aa0e7af79609d933ef82b5a4bfb85421a367d2effb2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463892181.jpg?k=5da0c5a5a48d8250220ac2607694f393be9ff133001e527b22d7f247f1bd2292&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457866639.jpg?k=05d29032f3641606f61e3ed2e38325e9d49d6f6e67ae7d26907b2c03cbdffa75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463893027.jpg?k=8541ca0f5eee43d3d36571376eb7aadc3d5272b49b1f4f8f1960148aeee89e0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463891520.jpg?k=7858469e539ce76bbcdf5fc439514f4c112c5ef09b2bcbb94fdf1e5712771f84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437840605.jpg?k=4847abda6fc57563ea1480b5302181fb19be69fb3332e085ad41cbf702270252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463891198.jpg?k=5cb1a210e49d3508a91e19b0db3f621a3d940029575513f4f4b1d803ccaf30cf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agriturizem Hylli Drites 1.8 km"\n  - "Mrizi i Zanave Agriturizem 5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 48 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 65 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful place! We spent a few days in this villa, we liked everything. Swimming pool, garden, barbecue. Very nice and helpful host. We highly recommend :)”"\n  - name: "Middelkoop"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We really loved our stay at the villa! The villa has a great outdoor area with a pool and a patio and the smart tv is also great if you want to watch a movie at night. The host also gave us great recommendations and was always quick to answer our...”"\n  - name: "Harib"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“The house is unbelievably clean. The place was taken care of it very well. The owner is helpful and ready for any possible help. I loved the place and I highly recommend it. The owner provides everything you need at home for a beautiful and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kallmet-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a testament to modern living in a natural setting, boasting three elegantly furnished bedrooms and two well-appointed bathrooms, complete with bed linen and towels for the utmost comfort. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests are never at a loss for things to do. The heart of the villa, a fully equipped kitchen, opens up to a dining area, making meal times a delightful experience. Perhaps the crown jewel of Kallmet Villa is its terrace, offering unparalleled mountain views, and a balcony that overlooks the pristine pool, complete with outdoor furniture for those moments of relaxation under the sky.

For those who cherish the outdoors, the villa complex presents a picnic area, perfect for a day spent basking in the sun or enjoying a meal amidst nature. 

Accessibility is hardly an issue, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 56 km away, making Kallmet Villa an easily reachable destination for both local and international travelers. This villa is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and tranquility of Kallmeti i Madh, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.