---\ntitle: "Kalpazo Home Tirana 21"\ndescription: "Kalpazo Home Tirana 21 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388705779.jpg?k=9fe7d6771a54c4ad85adc1514efb6edd9002eb0a4a8fab550335fc776183702a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kalpazo-home-tirana-21\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Lushnjes, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32673994\n  lng: 19.80202044\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388705779.jpg?k=9fe7d6771a54c4ad85adc1514efb6edd9002eb0a4a8fab550335fc776183702a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527737731.jpg?k=7154cd166804ec4b02cf256baddcc2aa6f107995e54451a7100fb5733007bbb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413275368.jpg?k=1cd4cd0575816983e91d38598bf67ee7a7926b78f2dc903942ff55d6ac6fc240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388705733.jpg?k=dd3bbdbef266246f8768e70d41b62f9f0144b8ef2e4b35946c3e0c1a1382c20f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413275347.jpg?k=7b8686e9336b297581299f661868a595a3e6021fac4fd7f7b966c2367ffb6c29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388705676.jpg?k=4bdbe12e3ac8c85a68abea66889e13baabbe78327f5a85269fd5eb3bc3992199&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (80 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Xhoki 20 m"\n  - "Restorantmondial 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ser"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We loved everything on this apartment
The view is amazing”"\n  - name: "Genai"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is perfect and well designed max privacy and security for your place, it comes with a great view of the city which I loved the most. You want miss anything. The host is an incredible and generous person, ready for all your needs....”"\n  - name: "Łukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Perfect apartment, beautiful, spacious and comfortable. Nice view from the balcony. Owners very friendly!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kalpazo-home-rental.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its commitment to providing a seamless stay, offering complimentary WiFi and on-site parking to all guests. For those looking to explore the area or needing assistance with travel arrangements, Kalpazo Home Tirana 21 facilitates both airport transfers and car rental services, ensuring a hassle-free experience from arrival to departure.

Each apartment is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The convenience of a kitchenette, complete with a fridge, kitchenware, and a kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals and snacks as they wish. Additionally, the inclusion of a dining area within the apartment adds an extra layer of home-like comfort. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with bathrobes, a bidet, and slippers, complemented by the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and worry-free stay.

For moments of relaxation, guests are invited to unwind in the shared lounge area, a perfect spot to meet fellow travelers or simply enjoy a quiet afternoon.

Kalpazo Home Tirana 21 is ideally situated within close proximity to several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it an excellent base for guests eager to explore the city's rich history and vibrant culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment complex offers both convenience and accessibility for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Kalpazo Home Tirana 21 is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the luxuries of thoughtful amenities and an unbeatable location.