---\ntitle: "Kalpazo Home Tirana Lake"\ndescription: "Kalpazo Home Tirana Lake emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933751.jpg?k=bb3453d41fb2b3dbb3aa6af0d9d9a185c692c481385b6d68bce40f12878cde31&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kalpazo-home-tirana-lake\naddress: "Rruga Kolombo, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30536228\n  lng: 19.81414476\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933751.jpg?k=bb3453d41fb2b3dbb3aa6af0d9d9a185c692c481385b6d68bce40f12878cde31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933573.jpg?k=4aead23c815c11e0d59b31f017a79ac9d69b1b67238091c7f567f67463c24bb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450932762.jpg?k=95fa8aada8cde4262976455fd03f20f6e698804f1de721e3ef46ee943f6c72f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933133.jpg?k=126935ba165d2f0614e7a1e20eabdc4c43fece27e78db5695b44e2240b6a9b46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933968.jpg?k=75d13629e98b8f83926286ee966348f5e900502d4297c65d3e1036f000bc3cc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450933010.jpg?k=6e9bf5f183faa7f8b271c18ed23a56841869f1b2502d9b2b65587f91f904888e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450932866.jpg?k=7295177cecf6e1d7d040834ada9a9d7f1caf631c34ecc0846e18071546ae81d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450932742.jpg?k=2aa8174d6cdb25b99288404f1b41a8e0f54727dc98ce5a52bc79ff7717c946db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450935482.jpg?k=992062ef7a95ce925172f45f597e52202f8a84dad049734e1c6fe8b4af8d2bed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (10 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Bar à Pizza Classic 100 m"\n  - "Tissi Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pylli Orbital 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.7 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kalpazo-home-tirana-lake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Kalpazo Home Tirana Lake are treated to a range of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a shared lounge that encourages relaxation and socialization, alongside the practicality of a shared kitchen. The convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises ensures that guests remain connected and entertained during their stay. For those looking to explore the area or needing assistance with travel arrangements, the accommodation provides airport transfers and a car rental service, adding a layer of ease to the travel experience.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring a balcony that offers serene garden views, a cozy bedroom, and a living room that invites guests to unwind. The kitchen is well-equipped, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

Situated a mere 2.5 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and within a manageable distance of 44 km from the Rock of Kavaje, Kalpazo Home Tirana Lake serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the area. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 15 km away, making the property an excellent choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Kalpazo Home Tirana Lake offers a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and connectivity, making it a highly recommended stay for those visiting Tirana.