---\ntitle: "Kalpazo Home Skanderbeg Square Tirana"\ndescription: "Kalpazo Home Skanderbeg Square Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423077120.jpg?k=7e794a1cb98f2284e901128121d4c52b146f9e258efe03492a384e6227f6506e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kalpazo-home-skanderbeg-square-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32609854\n  lng: 19.81572099\nprice: "US$118"\npriceFrom: 118\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423077120.jpg?k=7e794a1cb98f2284e901128121d4c52b146f9e258efe03492a384e6227f6506e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495529467.jpg?k=57eb6902c031925f75fe847bf94dd3542da508a6a4f9c3500dfb9ae8f159b953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423078688.jpg?k=60acf8a6d11821e0b4e84617260de1358cd635d8542b0268906b8300ba144a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423079072.jpg?k=2c729f4a988d7f6a266e5f3df31eb1be03ee12050ee94288abc54068b2f0ea97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423078151.jpg?k=67b721dad0edb8b4b7874d08af39580b85711358ac2a0d26c53e28344ba9fd79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496121425.jpg?k=d73faaafa3d67dfb0fb3e1151a8e0868b4f9ae7e20d0628a6605d9fe2510d771&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (55 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Barcode 5 m"\n  - "Vivaldi Vino e Osteria 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 100 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A Wonderful no hassle rental from start to finish thanks to the owner and his wife.
We were met at our car by the owner who then guided us into secure parking before been shown to our apartment which was of significant size, clean and in an...”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This apartment is in a good location, there is a small supermarket in the building and other larger supermarkets nearby. It is not far to restaurants and bars and attractions in Tirana. The bed is comfortable and a great shower. We didn’t cook,...”"\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Location is great. Many eateries around and mini market in the apartment building. The place is clean and it is top floor with a nice view from the balcony.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kalpazo-home-skanderbeg-square-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis distinguished apartment complex does not only boast a prime location but also excels in providing a comfortable stay. Each apartment is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, satellite flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests enjoy a seamless and connected stay. The inclusion of a well-fitted kitchen, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and kettle, adds a touch of home, allowing guests the flexibility to prepare their meals.

The allure of city views from private balconies, coupled with the convenience of free private parking, elevates the guest experience. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of plush bathrobes and slippers, enhancing the comfort of the private bathrooms. The availability of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the property’s commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to explore the wider area, Kalpazo Home Skanderbeg Square Tirana facilitates this with an on-site car rental service, making it effortless for guests to venture beyond the city limits. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, is complemented by the option of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property.

In summary, Kalpazo Home Skanderbeg Square Tirana stands as a testament to the perfect blend of strategic location, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal choice for travelers aiming to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana.