---\ntitle: "Karos Hotel Llaman"\ndescription: "Karos Hotel Llaman emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Himare."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301517242.jpg?k=38af49ab54952ecb1dca917ae451803df91fe6976f552618c5306aa9c5ce2415&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: karos-hotel-llaman\naddress: "Llaman, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08706414\n  lng: 19.76675927\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 480\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301517242.jpg?k=38af49ab54952ecb1dca917ae451803df91fe6976f552618c5306aa9c5ce2415&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300819907.jpg?k=cd24b385ae6438def6453350b88b76176fc23f262834456113841322b09de888&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268750493.jpg?k=0b89dff7d75e1a2812ec7d772172fb9b179e8d2a2d4f27c25afdfedd993b1a7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482699171.jpg?k=40460367e2d6aca2597507bf1ad8336cd724240c1e5ce9ed726b5951786d460a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455868287.jpg?k=499c80086ab370b32da7c0516c3a6b61c4b0b6b84655d48a11b70c5ef856b7e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300819952.jpg?k=837b97f01455dc16022c8c8b99d90fc63e52169d004a67c4f01507033b4a2c51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455868185.jpg?k=439fda4605ea83e5e904d1f853af9d4995375ce45d4b4dd7e92b753ae25e90e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482698119.jpg?k=6f8a54667f533038a31d764782b323da46426c49e08154eaa3a6717c440ae505&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482698837.jpg?k=ed5fafde6d60334b80651d4beeeef2b716390391701d7da8960de12320afb789&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cabo Del Mar 650 m"\n  - "Taverna Velco 1.1 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Llamani Beach 700 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Prinos Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 54 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Inês"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The location is amazing if you have a car, it is road-side but 3 minutes away from Himare center. Quiet, good parking spots and beautiful views. The staff is extremely kind and there is a nice pool area, however would recommend going to the nearby...”"\n  - name: "Tanja"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Friendly staff with good advices (thank you so much),nice room,extra bonus-the pool,but a bit cold water.
Nice offer at the bar - there’s no store near,so you can buy here some bottled water and juices.”"\n  - name: "Qendro"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The room was very clean. The location perfect. The swimming pool very convinient if you want to stay there or if you have kids.. Just 2 minutes away is the gorgeous Llamani beach. Himara with its restaurants and beach bars is 5 minutes drive. It...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/karos-llaman-himare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Karos Hotel Llaman is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and scenic enjoyment, featuring balconies that either overlook the hotel's sparkling outdoor pool or offer expansive views of the sea. The accommodations ensure privacy and relaxation with en-suite bathrooms equipped with either a bath or shower, complemented by modern amenities such as a refrigerator and air-conditioning for a truly comfortable stay.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, guests are invited to enjoy the hotel's additional facilities. A terrace provides a tranquil spot to unwind, while the on-site snack bar caters to any cravings with a selection of refreshments. For those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary parking removes any travel hassles.

Located just 3 km from the historic Porto Palermo and 4 km from the vibrant center of Himare, Karos Hotel Llaman is ideally situated for guests eager to explore the local area. The hotel not only serves as a peaceful retreat but also as a gateway to a range of activities. From snorkeling to canoeing, the opportunities for adventure and exploration are plentiful, ensuring that every stay is both memorable and exhilarating.

Karos Hotel Llaman stands out as a destination that offers guests a harmonious blend of leisure and exploration, making it a top recommendation for those visiting Himare.