---\ntitle: "Kelly's Cozy Hideaway - Central Tirana"\ndescription: "Kelly's Cozy Hideaway - Central Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514132840.jpg?k=c8cfc2c56ca43a7fe914832037c1903e321c8f65e3510db18ad368e15b093d8b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kelly-s-cozy-hideaway-central-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 1018 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32536006\n  lng: 19.81679519\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514132840.jpg?k=c8cfc2c56ca43a7fe914832037c1903e321c8f65e3510db18ad368e15b093d8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470047903.jpg?k=b1957c321b9e0647856b649567732c781db9e5924572d29ef5b5c611928f3bc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514133133.jpg?k=aab474cae480667a34866615518129efbec7ffbda853567122c042c2813a5f05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512363741.jpg?k=011c8856330ae60940b2c841f118bab8997fddbab35b61c8da0553083e2cad61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514132700.jpg?k=117ef84f6a94ffdab542aa70e4641477c18cc5fb4ee10549748d07d93b7889aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470384604.jpg?k=97aa3d0880a4723ee34b2665045000291e2446be034c19f3a27407d7097ffabe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512362897.jpg?k=9f3d602c97beb1e09ff08b69072bb084f16c91eff47229ee987438f6432aaaf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514133763.jpg?k=84aee594bf80b98f89837222ddc111defae572b01c6ed57170dee99bbc4a19a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512362654.jpg?k=b587efe97d72721041fa042c55d0b0b5a615d71230ff0c5d1c4f55618b2d59b9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (91 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shallvare Grill 30 m"\n  - "Vila Shard 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 200 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "James"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Location amazing
Super roomy apartment - stayed with 4x friends and didn't feel cramped at all
Lock box to get in meant easy for all four of us to do our own thing”"\n  - name: "Eoin"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Can’t rate this place enough! Location, facilities and the host were brilliant.”"\n  - name: "Henrieta"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The apartment is very spacious, clean, and equipped with all the amenities. There is an A/C in every room, comfortable beds, handy laundry machine, lots of closets, high ceilings and a cute little balcony overseeing a park. Although it is located...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hidden-gem-shallvare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment boasts a modern and inviting atmosphere. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room, and the added convenience of allergy-free and non-smoking premises. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a hotel.

The heart of the apartment is its fully equipped kitchen and dining area, perfect for those who enjoy the option of home-cooked meals. Meanwhile, the balcony offers breathtaking mountain views, providing a picturesque backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation.

Situated just 600 meters from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a short walk from Rinia Park, guests are perfectly positioned to explore Tirana's rich history and lush green spaces. Additional nearby attractions include the whimsical Reja - The Cloud, the historic Clock Tower Tirana, and the beautiful Et'hem Bey Mosque, making Kelly's Cozy Hideaway an ideal base for cultural exploration.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and tranquil ambiance, Kelly's Cozy Hideaway - Central Tirana stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the charm and dynamism of Tirana.