---\ntitle: "Keno's Apartment"\ndescription: "Keno's Apartment in Sarandë emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67774515.jpg?k=40630df3829406b750c3239f6edf43e645c298a244dbef1ebfd745edf5438929&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: keno-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Hamalloi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87786888\n  lng: 20.02073497\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.4\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 7.4\n  location: 6.6\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 6.9\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67774515.jpg?k=40630df3829406b750c3239f6edf43e645c298a244dbef1ebfd745edf5438929&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482180877.jpg?k=006330bcc227f64b81c1346c3377726e073cd5dc6326cc0b05d01766fb981b44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204145684.jpg?k=aa75dc9158d1928d55ca51e05016d021b666ab4287d04efcb17a1dcd36558bcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51197387.jpg?k=77cb27b216a35d0852e54d02bf3955bcebd26227feb530595b18aef9689ddbb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204145657.jpg?k=fb7e90e75fa01cd4b45783bb7debb8a0ee4860c97b25f3d4d87d79a8b7d5f88a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482180894.jpg?k=29ca85805cd3efb0d7e79575466a9ef678cc4a7ec9e113dd893b0cbd0536d2c1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 600 m"\n  - "Le 5 Stelle & Pizzeria 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 0 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kenos-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nEach room at Keno's Apartment is a haven of comfort, boasting balconies that offer sweeping views of the cityscape. The promise of air-conditioned spaces and practical work desks in all units ensures a blend of leisure and productivity for every guest.

For those who revel in the outdoors, the property invites you to enjoy its barbecue facilities. Cyclists will find themselves in paradise, with the area around the hostel being celebrated for its cycling routes. Moreover, the option of car hire directly from Keno's Apartment opens up endless possibilities for exploration.

The hostel prides itself on a multilingual staff proficient in English, Spanish, Italian, and Portuguese, ready to offer insightful advice about the local area at any time.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Keno's Apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring nearby attractions. La Petite Beach is just a short distance away, mirroring the hostel's proximity to Saranda City Beach. For those drawn to the call of nature and history, the majestic Butrint National Park lies 18 km away, promising a day of exploration and discovery. For international guests, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 95 km from the property, making Keno's Apartment a convenient and compelling choice for your next getaway to Sarandë.