---\ntitle: "Keon superb studio apartament"\ndescription: "Keon Superb Studio Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458639476.jpg?k=7c832fc7fdcb3404123ce63eba852bf16181afcfb3bb83b29652b4ffdc23301b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: keon-superb-studio-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33309646\n  lng: 19.81004608\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458639476.jpg?k=7c832fc7fdcb3404123ce63eba852bf16181afcfb3bb83b29652b4ffdc23301b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102779.jpg?k=f247ea55daad156eba6c49470dd6d3c31f54ce5cb48946dac0ea471945facedf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102835.jpg?k=a854947994370c0e1d607dcc71bb4f52b973b518761b889883da12f2d8c64922&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102847.jpg?k=2a1ea508b1f8f73b62ef6fd73e2018f3661597400014cbccf2611d5337754c5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102860.jpg?k=77592b3e7d9f04e11f3014b21b758d9566a458b08cdde11a212d844351acfa21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102879.jpg?k=bfdbc68ae19ae72a6f31b9f1a14c50850040f7ebf9ee182fc90b6b16903576aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102895.jpg?k=abb5402a4537f07d7f24ec56a0897026c7f1de81b7c1952031fccb89dc73f19b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102912.jpg?k=1aa748a9c133c6f150dbf037b7c40d934af00e36cd1edcf66a83ceebd0816469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447102937.jpg?k=2e8cdb31ed47065aefd4fb73514574ec3bfee56c7f58aa0b89face1c1961ede9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (46 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Eda 40 m"\n  - "Ani 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Özge"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“House was super clean, you can even find Ace(hydrogen-peroxide cleaning detergent) which is really important for me and also most of Turkish people. Bed and sheets was really clean, bathroom also clean you can find shower gel, toilet paper so...”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Helpful, friendly owner. Good communication.
Good views across town to the mountains.”"\n  - name: "Carlota"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The host was super nice and picked us at the airport. Room super clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/keon-superb-studio-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a strategic location; it offers a sanctuary with breathtaking mountain and city views that can be enjoyed in tranquility. The space is thoughtfully designed with modern travelers in mind, featuring air-conditioning for those warm Tirana days and a fully equipped kitchen for a home-cooked meal away from home. The inclusion of a private entrance ensures an intimate experience, akin to having your own slice of the city.

The living quarters are nothing short of comfortable and stylish, with a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of luxury to your stay. The provision of towels and bed linen further exemplifies the apartment's commitment to guest comfort.

For those keen to immerse themselves in the local culture, Keon Superb Studio Apartment is conveniently situated near several of Tirana's most notable attractions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, makes this apartment a logical choice for both international visitors and those on domestic jaunts.

In essence, Keon Superb Studio Apartment stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a perfect blend of location, luxury, and privacy for anyone looking to experience Tirana in style.