---\ntitle: "KeSa Apartment"\ndescription: "KeSa Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381899548.jpg?k=8a48ac741675babc5891a65afaa96eac9d63427b679d557133f02226c51428fb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kesa-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Jani Dudo, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62027085\n  lng: 20.78459567\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381899548.jpg?k=8a48ac741675babc5891a65afaa96eac9d63427b679d557133f02226c51428fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381902941.jpg?k=4d5d382cc991e0e0e4f9ed7f4d10a6bf491fdd856d5b438795c2b04dc465cfd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381903539.jpg?k=198c0196cb34aff28f93a96b80d92deca445c5ef810ea87e10a7ef1639144251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381900535.jpg?k=63404348a6ebc8cc48128324e82988ddfb7aed81dfa1ab661201defcd7ee32ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381901423.jpg?k=8c509f032ac13211d54ea42cabeb61d6faf1d270145ede9c38fbb2d3c5491410&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384998929.jpg?k=0773adcbb016c835b19742434a641990d4cbade7c889adc1f0da21387afb2991&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381905833.jpg?k=d0e2b90434e892062ce308a8da954a3bbb01e40f241b0c3484b5da8dc3075237&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381903249.jpg?k=cdd3fb7ad0fe5c4c6c291afdbd85c806753d1aa8e1b72f0a6e22dfd6e845dc08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381903888.jpg?k=37be8f063205987809ad5ebc085c76ca37d778ad6a093ab05725d5109c170cec&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (97 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 95 150 m"\n  - "Pizza Antik 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 250 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klea"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Super clean, very comfortable and walking distance to main attractions. I ll definitely stay there again when I revisit Korce!”"\n  - name: "Terry"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“All newly and stylishly renovated, cosy and well presented.”"\n  - name: "Sendi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property had it all. Warm and cozy with all amenities one could need.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kesa-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThis ground-floor apartment is not just about its prime location; it's a haven of comfort and convenience. With air-conditioning, a balcony adorned with outdoor furniture for those quiet moments, and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured of a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment, alongside a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen comes complete with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster, catering to all culinary needs and desires.

The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen, towels, and a convenient laundry service, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For those arriving on two wheels, bicycle parking is a thoughtful addition, highlighting the apartment's commitment to guest convenience.

Adding to the charm is a terrace that offers a tranquil view of a quiet street, perfect for guests looking to unwind in a peaceful setting. For quick bites and refreshments, the on-site snack bar is a welcome feature, providing guests with easy access to snacks and drinks without having to leave the comfort of the apartment.

Located 70 km from Kastoria National Airport, KeSa Apartment ensures that guests have a smooth transition from travel to relaxation. With its blend of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful touches, KeSa Apartment is an excellent choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Korçë.