---\ntitle: "Kevi ‘s place"\ndescription: "Kevi's Place emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519888174.jpg?k=b0c8764808b9f6eeaaf24417c002f2ac9b629deb520c15d4c1fb5d1830ed3230&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kevi-s-place\naddress: "Rruga Kristaq Capo, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32290455\n  lng: 19.83802991\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519888174.jpg?k=b0c8764808b9f6eeaaf24417c002f2ac9b629deb520c15d4c1fb5d1830ed3230&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511509386.jpg?k=0bc08667ee422923982c4686a49e9e1e26c3eba78dda467ad4acfa33387493b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514106363.jpg?k=555c1728802d78bf1a0af39584c4d76ef3680daf3d91aa7b8bea5be7e17ca0ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511512717.jpg?k=0e3458adb7af6c51bf6547df45c78c7fa33c97c4f747c44746194fc1b296fa1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511548431.jpg?k=eb176c5ec95a3b5a26ed5ff0a2f3b912b980e7f23222e7341ce21cdc94b27251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514106279.jpg?k=ee3445725afab780478cde79922ed4b006f1ec14fd93623db672e50fb703bdb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514106446.jpg?k=17e202e0b4975698cf5205620b731f1e00ad5dc3738c82b494918b80ece792df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511510075.jpg?k=defbdfd0244622da45774650f762414ad5da9c292952b06ac6cd8d950f5d9654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511548261.jpg?k=bade0f5afc2487ac2507b5e84c06171cbe099732bc5887a6baa6f74e8201c795&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 200 m"\n  - "Bar Iris 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Kevi’s place is a really nice, quiet and brand new apartment. It’s a bit further away from the city centre than most places but this gives you the chance to actually get a place to park your car (for free), to get better value for money and to...”"\n  - name: "Oksana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The apartment is brand new,really specious,well-equipped with everything you need for a short or even a long stay.Modern furniture,AC is in every room!))Modern style ,a little terrace overlooking the garden.But what is more important,that is the...”"\n  - name: "Eugenio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento era nuovo, molto pulito, con tutto ciò che poteva servire. Erano presenti 2 televisioni, 2 condizionatori ben funzionanti, una ottima cucina con un comodo divano, ed un bagno spazioso con riscaldamento. La posizione molto comoda per...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kevi-s-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its fully equipped kitchen, air-conditioning, and the luxury of private parking on the premises, complemented by complimentary WiFi. The commitment to a smoke-free environment ensures a healthy and pleasant stay for all guests.

The interior of Kevi's Place is designed to impress, featuring a spacious layout that includes a flat-screen TV, a cozy bedroom, and a welcoming living room, all adorned with views of the serene garden. This view not only adds a touch of tranquility to the stay but also invites guests to unwind in the garden space, which is a part of the property.

For those keen on exploring local attractions, Kevi's Place is conveniently located near several points of interest. The Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and Bektashi World Centre are all within proximity, offering guests a glimpse into the cultural and commercial fabric of Tirana. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 17 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Kevi's Place stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that caters to both the practical and aesthetic needs of modern travelers. Its prime location, coupled with the array of amenities it offers, makes it an excellent choice for those looking to experience Tirana in comfort and style.