---\ntitle: "Kingu's Apartment"\ndescription: "Kingu's Apartment emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem, positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach and within easy reach of Mali I Robit and Qerret Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385504281.jpg?k=a3ec62b99a0b08079a5996c5516a62681a3cb838fc425ff655204f32110bb2f4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kingu-s-apartment\naddress: "Golem Beach, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23273654\n  lng: 19.51902904\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385504281.jpg?k=a3ec62b99a0b08079a5996c5516a62681a3cb838fc425ff655204f32110bb2f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383713144.jpg?k=6e9962262e2af87ad4665c959f603418356f463bbb9e2993f29a5aa8d724aaea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383713159.jpg?k=895e22b54f64c9fa488629e77e4997c711984e77724f9bbb5f8860a3ad67b4d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385504765.jpg?k=100167e0020e6a60a72a4003b5af12e8c6e508c0e63d923b29d81e9b332dbeed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383713100.jpg?k=68245d674c998f7863efed83d9ac6bed653f273ef71c8798fb51e3bd84758599&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383713156.jpg?k=4c68a0f496089691b48aed1f3967f9af4f42f1d8faee99028995cad42f3e2d49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383714059.jpg?k=8cdf6e254c7d39520aa3f83033cd8728d0d94913169fd4e4183de62d841986f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383714095.jpg?k=31f6fd49459eff58469fcec12c9de8ad00bc4fbfb2640da7e8c25017d2f1fa88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383713132.jpg?k=0b6d2e89d8e384cdd7b71730bdc526da8ed29534c7514ec5effb60b8a87aaf74&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 150 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room is perfect. The location is great just 4 minutes walk from the beach. Everything was clean and inside of the room you have everything you need. Also the room was even bigger than described in my booking reservation. I will definitely...”"\n  - name: "Zeka"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Best welcome ever! Completely satisfied with the apartment! A perfect place for us on these sunny Albanian days. The beach is quite near, shops and restaurants are all the way throught the promenade. I would strongly recommend Kingu's apartment as...”"\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A place for everything and everything in it's place. A perfect spot for such a solo traveler like me, right 2 mins from the beach.
The spacious place was neat and the linen smelled good, towels as well. WiFi, Iron, Tv, Washing Machine, Fridge,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kingus-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nRecently undergoing a comprehensive renovation, Kingu's Apartment presents a cozy yet elegant setting with its two-bedroom layout, offering views of the serene inner courtyard. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of modern amenities such as slippers, a hairdryer, towels, and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The addition of a private entrance and round-the-clock security underscores a commitment to guest privacy and safety.

Dining at Kingu's Apartment is an experience in itself, with the on-site restaurant catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. Whether it's dinner, lunch, brunch, or cocktails, the family-friendly dining venue promises a delightful culinary journey.

For those looking to explore the area, the homestay facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services, allowing guests to venture out to nearby attractions such as Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach or the historic Skanderbeg Square, located 48 km away. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 42 km away, adds to the convenience for international travelers.

In summary, Kingu's Apartment not only offers a prime location and essential amenities but also goes above and beyond to ensure a memorable and comfortable stay for its guests, making it a highly recommended option for those visiting Golem.