---\ntitle: "Kingfish restaurant & boutique hotel"\ndescription: "Kingfish Restaurant & Boutique Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Patog, offering breathtaking sea views and a tranquil escape just a short distance from the bustling heart of Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545590.jpg?k=7e09da4c70d9c998b62e466480a8188d5f195461e07a202cf8206c9f6e2d2eed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kingfish-restaurant-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Patok, 4700 Patog, Albania"\ncity: "Patog"\nlocation: "Patog"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.6301697\n  lng: 19.6192942\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 7.6\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545590.jpg?k=7e09da4c70d9c998b62e466480a8188d5f195461e07a202cf8206c9f6e2d2eed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545815.jpg?k=9b5c08d220591bca8c7ecd4cc9a615131a2d107ec0a1cae0b9b0a92f37c712a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545635.jpg?k=29a3a12e1a3768748533bd1447fa361c5daad34b098bdbb0455993f59d9c8945&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545778.jpg?k=b56c4f1b5f9cb965aef9a89567219d21ccb61e0050a91ad3ae44276e79c7280b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545774.jpg?k=dc062a973187367aad6c6d6bbf8fe2a336fc80833b8443188c236b76af9c180a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545620.jpg?k=33f821d050b1eaec5f931eff58eaaae630fa82bd07c3bf339c5f08cb5fadbe8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545699.jpg?k=89dbdc4b98d7ca751ff3bded2a397f46705f2539f88557f2df90111c53419f30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545624.jpg?k=c5f7e1693874db019d6f5f808381b3a897d420b090f7716b2e782350ecfd8eea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447545630.jpg?k=df0519fd0eb8c709aa9ab9b3586d12dfd9cb2b38755a5a593321f515653bacd6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piccola Venezia 2.2 km"\n  - "Laguna e Re 2.5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Tale Beach 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 85 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "An"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The food is exquisite, blissful stay by the pool”"\n  - name: "Rafael"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The location. Facilities like the pool, terrace and restaurant. And above all the attention and availability of the worker Marta who made our stay much better with her kindness and friendliness. We were delighted with it.”"\n  - name: "Florin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The cleanliness of the entire property, the kind host, I left the location two days early due to the bad weather and they refunded my money for the remaining two days without requesting it. I will definitely return to this property.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kingfish-restaurant-amp-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe villa, boasting a refreshing pool view, invites guests to unwind on its private balcony, a perfect spot for morning coffees or evening reflections. The accommodation is meticulously designed with comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, and a bathroom equipped with a hair dryer. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV for guests' enjoyment.

For those who appreciate fine dining, the on-site bar presents an array of exquisite beverages, complementing the gourmet experiences offered by the Kingfish restaurant. The garden provides a serene setting for guests to relax and immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surroundings.

Strategically located, the hotel is within easy reach of notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 46 km away, and the intriguing Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 43 km away. Cultural enthusiasts will find the National Museum of History Albania and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, both located approximately 43 km from the villa, offering enriching experiences.

Convenience is paramount, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 30 km away, ensuring a smooth journey to and from the property. Kingfish Restaurant & Boutique Hotel stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of luxury, comfort, and accessibility in the heart of Albania.