---\ntitle: "Kledia's apartment"\ndescription: "Kledia's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372667406.jpg?k=7870f593efd802a46703549f3434c998ade76a67915b3000a7dcb72291635937&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kledia-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27247615\n  lng: 19.5164125\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372667406.jpg?k=7870f593efd802a46703549f3434c998ade76a67915b3000a7dcb72291635937&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382669216.jpg?k=d126d83e3dc49ad7cea9400f113cdae4dcc105056733ad10463aeb706fd8d863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372668543.jpg?k=876ebb892dea58e7b0a7583d19991e82cf185f55e88bb36054101b04aa234d16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367115498.jpg?k=00ecd369714ec780ed04551011af009e98cb04843b9a1e3f4af7f72913803529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372667474.jpg?k=a2dfc36e1f08c1d5685f572f887fe209417030f78dae9b04efc81034b62bb4e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382669265.jpg?k=7d5d36576ea7d022a24c909343e698cc9f9473cc8ca4e0b7be705e268af7a255&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382669215.jpg?k=a3cbfbc617c937fb88f1751a48083df86e671db6ed2a5f97adc89ac15ca77f74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382669256.jpg?k=de2f61affb574c77b3cb67d806af2c5aa845737628d415a1edd0053030338ec7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367115303.jpg?k=47f3de308034a942847b539528dff88b0baa39e5a21ff880fea30c16c811bd2c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 0 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 800 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sam"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The location, seaviews, utilities, internet... everything!
The owner and administrator were super-friendly and welcoming. They helped us a lot, from the moment we arrived until we left.
I would definitely recommend this place, and we will be...”"\n  - name: "Wojciech"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“położenie nad morzem, łatwy dojazd z lotniska, super rozkład i dobre wyposażenie, wspaniały widok z balkonów (dwóch) zdecydowanie polecam dla 2 par. Fajny sklep spożywczy w tym samym obiekcie, no a restauracji mnogość. Pogoda w październiku - jak...”"\n  - name: "Sabrina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Aussicht ist grandios. Man hört im Schlafzimmer sogar das Meeresrauschen.
Der Check-In war super und wir konnten sogar am Anreisetag bereits früher in die Wohnung. Besonders zu erwähnen ist die super Betreuung. Jedes Anliegen wurde sofort...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kledias-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with its spacious, air-conditioned two-bedroom apartment, which comes complete with a balcony that boasts breathtaking sea views. The living room is designed for relaxation, featuring a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher and a fridge, catering to all culinary needs. Additionally, the convenience of a bathroom equipped with a hairdryer adds to the thoughtful amenities provided.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers the utmost convenience. 

Situated 1.7 km from the bustling Durres Beach, Kledia's Apartment not only promises a tranquil retreat but also keeps guests connected to the lively local scene. For those eager to explore beyond the beach, the historic Skanderbeg Square is 43 km away, offering a glimpse into the country's rich culture, while the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 46 km away, provides an adventure with its scenic rides. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 37 km away, ensures easy access for international travelers.

Kledia's Apartment is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable Albanian beachfront experience, combining the comforts of home with the beauty of Durrës's shores.