---\ntitle: "Klei’s Daily Apartment"\ndescription: "Klei’s Daily Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370635.jpg?k=2d99e723f14d52cbc320918866fae43d2a937d20ef087c87c76fefa853de514b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: klei-s-daily-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Kristaq Capo, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32286717\n  lng: 19.83763775\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370635.jpg?k=2d99e723f14d52cbc320918866fae43d2a937d20ef087c87c76fefa853de514b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370690.jpg?k=619bb6477af90351ec2000f6f67b51f3b45cce23370162af64fb33af559be4b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370609.jpg?k=ab5dc646069375f381a5225e8cf66895e68d28212538c0ba6575576cb8fa9cda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370628.jpg?k=f12d5c5028f53d1fe412bbfa52a588fdc7e814e22283f808dff849221afaffda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370652.jpg?k=a54f0ac09692b1ff638cee67c0c2ad3d0e15b3bb03a7db8046acb7f9dbdaf159&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370595.jpg?k=171f0fb17215f5807ec79e4e203422f4725c1d1d93377e8d7a0ca37f8cd970ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370582.jpg?k=ae741d6d6ca61867ff8dc0f49537b220d4bcd2181224ab603de1a30ab82e1525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370643.jpg?k=de049f97a7b4b6aa8c2c87b088c11d911c43cc28b46ff95e8d85cc3a4e405af3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476370608.jpg?k=5f8fa1a19f75de53dd09cd8f2a691c5016bf3eaa2d3a5d10b9ee002086434f2a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 250 m"\n  - "Bar Brooklyn 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 850 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Estefania"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Klei was an amazing host and did everything very easy for us. All his family was very helpful and even assisted us when has an accident. Would definetly recommend!”"\n  - name: "Mariana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Apartament foarte modern cu stil, elegant si curat.Gazde foarte amabile si prietenoase. Recomand!”"\n  - name: "Людмила"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Very modern, new, clean and stylish apartment, good location close to food store, cafes, not far from the city center, friendly host with good fluent English. Would recommend this apartment for tidy and intelligent people because the host puts...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kleis-daily-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment, boasting a modern air-conditioned interior, offers guests a serene retreat with its well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen featuring a microwave and fridge, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, alongside a bathroom complete with a bidet, ensures that guests experience the comforts of home. Towels and bed linen, meticulously prepared, await to envelop guests in warmth and comfort.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of private parking on-site is a notable perk, alongside complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Klei’s Daily Apartment ensures a healthy and pleasant stay for all.

Notably, the apartment is strategically positioned near several of Tirana’s attractions, including the Toptani Shopping Centre, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the historic Tanners' Bridge, making it a haven for those eager to delve into the city's offerings. Additionally, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 5.6 km away, presents an opportunity for an unforgettable aerial view of the city.

For guests looking to explore beyond the city limits, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 46 km, promising an adventure for nature enthusiasts. The convenience extends to travelers flying in or out of the city, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 17 km away, complemented by the option of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property.

Klei’s Daily Apartment stands out as a testament to the blend of accessibility, comfort, and local charm, making it a top recommendation for those planning a visit to Tirana.