---\ntitle: "Klejvi Apartments"\ndescription: "Klejvi Apartments emerges as a serene oasis in Ksamil, offering a tranquil retreat just a stone's throw away from the pristine Sunset Beach and the vibrant Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412463378.jpg?k=f855c606eb027eef4ba4689ed9f2916f285f5a58359a25e4224ef0e04c0f1e5a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: klejvi-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bogova Ksamil AL, 9706, Αλβανία, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77655518\n  lng: 20.00883896\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412463378.jpg?k=f855c606eb027eef4ba4689ed9f2916f285f5a58359a25e4224ef0e04c0f1e5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477266021.jpg?k=75c47c9967458a8e5610408870ad8496af7edbb3d5b6e32a547eb527ca7d8e57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477266030.jpg?k=352de313d866fbc290f8232b606c87bf2ddd620122bbc64c03e22bcf3a17e29c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412463393.jpg?k=1fcc8c8ac6b36eccd2d7f6638ebb7e2ec1b6d07339d750c3adfc4285caae67a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412463313.jpg?k=d5087a86e7c43f692395860af79fdd9e9d5398cae19b354e9b0bc03294b8c1a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412463348.jpg?k=b76c5deedc2f8949e7c2d295bf08053d1b3fc7e4768d97d038809e61bffc7925&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vela Snack Bar Cafe 20 m"\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 350 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 950 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Janusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Korzysta lokalizacja. Uczynni ludzie. Super atmosfera aż chce się tam wracać. Mieszkanie urządzone funkcjonalnie i schludnie”"\n  - name: "Justyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament zgodny z opisem. Dobra lokalizacja oraz gościnni właściciele. Dobrze działająca klimatyzacja i WIFI.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/klejvi-apartments-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Klejvi is a haven of comfort, featuring air-conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a private balcony, presenting serene garden views that promise relaxation. The kitchenettes are thoughtfully equipped, catering to those who appreciate the option to prepare their own meals. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of flat-screen TVs in every unit, ensuring that guests have access to their favorite shows after a day of exploration.

The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which are fitted with a bidet, and the provision of free WiFi throughout the property, allowing guests to stay connected with ease. Select apartments elevate the experience further with the addition of a terrace, offering an ideal spot for a morning coffee or an evening glass of wine under the stars.

For those intrigued by history and nature, the proximity to Butrint National Park, just 3.8 km away, makes Klejvi Apartments an excellent base for discovering the area's rich heritage. Moreover, with Corfu International Airport 94 km away, the apartments serve as a convenient gateway for international travelers seeking the beauty and tranquility of Ksamil.

Klejvi Apartments not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also offers a glimpse into the serene lifestyle of Ksamil, making it a top choice for travelers in search of a peaceful getaway by the sea.