---\ntitle: "Kler Apartments City Center Tirana"\ndescription: "Kler Apartments City Center Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497706016.jpg?k=34185b7e281f6b9bf5ef1aacc594b50006af3be68207bb335de0bbe2de30620a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kler-apartments-city-center-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj, in front of \"Partizani high school, Tirana\", 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3338311\n  lng: 19.82473468\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497706016.jpg?k=34185b7e281f6b9bf5ef1aacc594b50006af3be68207bb335de0bbe2de30620a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076044.jpg?k=946147ef39e572f2c7ee8717cef16d1b4a7488e4e5f48bd2dfb50375ef309e83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076109.jpg?k=4efe051a81bcb2cb7cd751b993cf188b2be832e18da50405c7e2f79488f5e8c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076090.jpg?k=04b5d2cd456fee232ab1156fadcce794b723c1c2bdf6fe170f3f20531eefa148&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076108.jpg?k=2ec5e481062899cfc1f7381141483702d49dff520067c8bea2d9861ba20ad6c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502724045.jpg?k=f31c5efec3ff21ad1a14844eb2ea7f2c857b8518922141b3f1122b76a1756ee1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076068.jpg?k=3759b6b518bc98788861a2e706a0c7489963d3e86e7bbd38e3c2f3e92b69bb58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507076094.jpg?k=c3bee73ef4bcd2d6ea603db29ad879ccc2774a8b1379ab997b32ebc10add668e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502723491.jpg?k=a1e6664e0fe541e58f90ed33fadd4352c1d4073530f235631a90eabbecc7ae9c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wiktor"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Super place. Endri (host) is very helpful. The apartment is big, modern and very close to the centre. There are shops, cafes and bakaries very close. View from the windows is awesome! Thanks for the stay :)”"\n  - name: "Agustin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and also the homeowner was very friendly. The view from the balcony was fantastic. Would recommend to others to come”"\n  - name: "Konrad"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Dobra lokalizacja, dobrze wyposażony lokal. Funkcjonalne mieszkanie.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kler-apartments-city-center-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodation at Kler Apartments is designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each apartment features a spacious layout complete with air conditioning, a private balcony, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that's both comfortable and connected. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, with a dishwasher and fridge, alongside a cozy seating area, flat-screen TV, and a modern bathroom with a bidet, adds a touch of home-away-from-home comfort. The added benefits of a private entrance and soundproofing guarantee privacy and tranquility throughout the stay.

For guests eager to immerse themselves in the local culture, Kler Apartments City Center Tirana is ideally situated near several of the city's most notable attractions. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History, and Toptani Shopping Centre are all within easy reach, offering a diverse mix of entertainment, education, and retail therapy. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 kilometers away, makes for a hassle-free arrival and departure.

In summary, Kler Apartments City Center Tirana stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana's urban charm and cultural heritage, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed apartment.