---\ntitle: "Koko Hotel"\ndescription: "Koko Hotel emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119850.jpg?k=07faee6967915bdb2c66036779907a9f6d809198232fce137d147a2f89ff2391&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: koko-hotel\naddress: "Alida Hisku Ksamil Pran fast food koko, 2926 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76954678\n  lng: 20.00060593\nprice: "US$115"\npriceFrom: 115\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119850.jpg?k=07faee6967915bdb2c66036779907a9f6d809198232fce137d147a2f89ff2391&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119855.jpg?k=69a3f036872bdeb9f6ab4400a9f3975ada4d18ad816584a8a974afcc3abbb2f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119558.jpg?k=1092ea4aa16d865a2e5c69d1265abdb384664b01f9c40bf514033748a947b50f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119783.jpg?k=569b12324bd2c46ded48b915b557c0728b2718031a0423dd606053668f340a03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119547.jpg?k=6f6a508cd0cb47c4adc94be6e69121b8feb6319f6addfdf1c942f4062753025d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470119544.jpg?k=cd5f469a0841bf0033957ddb743e9d1951eb51af146ece9e299df5fbf7b123f5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food KOKO 5 m"\n  - "Sweet & Salty 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 250 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 350 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 300 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilian"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The hotel is brand new, modern, comfortable and clean. Close to the beaches, shops and restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Nicola"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Located in the center of Ksamil, from which you can easily walk to all the beaches of the coast, from 5 to 20 minutes! On the ground floor there is c' it is a great Greek restaurant and a creperia/piadineria. Friendly and kind staff, large and...”"\n  - name: "Ariton"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel, rooms, and Great location. Stavro goes all out for you and is such a great representative for the hotel. Would stay here every time in Ksamil if we can.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/koko.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue at Koko Hotel, thanks to the provision of free WiFi throughout the premises. The hotel prides itself on its attentive service, offering both room service and a 24-hour front desk to cater to guests' needs at any hour. Families will find a warm welcome here, with spacious family rooms available to accommodate groups of all sizes.

Morning at Koko Hotel begins on a high note with a choice of breakfast options, including a hearty American breakfast or a diverse buffet, setting guests up perfectly for a day of exploration or relaxation.

The hotel's enviable location places it within easy reach of the area's most sought-after beaches. Bora Bora Beach is a mere 300 meters away, while Ksamil Beach 7 is just a short 400-meter stroll, offering guests a variety of coastal experiences. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Koko Hotel an accessible choice for international travelers seeking a serene getaway in Ksamil.