---\ntitle: "Komatas Modern Apartments in Bllok Area"\ndescription: "Komatas Modern Apartments in the vibrant Bllok Area stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042952.jpg?k=3d5d113dcc258a80e4d78b00f98519dfc6be58d7a501b2e0595812e2c5f15d03&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: komatas-modern-apartments-in-bllok-area\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Tupe, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3194674\n  lng: 19.81587837\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 104\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042952.jpg?k=3d5d113dcc258a80e4d78b00f98519dfc6be58d7a501b2e0595812e2c5f15d03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454822515.jpg?k=78922dde0cda28fb99392b132297c470b4be4493ad7eee181627d6f87a8173a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339110448.jpg?k=4deabc584fe004e008e105187d0db47ac0b739e1a5f67cbd80ea7838d54ab102&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332044091.jpg?k=a253f8492b76c3f4b886233ace94687bdeb794ce28f4077c86f9dc36b3636c40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042856.jpg?k=40d734bfed09eb7c078bc63245b526fbe1248f6dac0fbca60521aaad9268f2c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332045582.jpg?k=e008c6250953344de1e9b257e94ef45edf06180ca09ccd7a081ada2fb080dcee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042808.jpg?k=2f0a10c70bd4a35b02f562efe126eaa97ad9c23e5e48df4e2320cfdc6192b961&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042826.jpg?k=d1dc6ef9811332d533fd711c99de84b55fa5588723cdba335882b6e5d81ae09c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/332042830.jpg?k=eb86788d73e96aa10c714c59fb78222b3b5b27523fb1785b4b93979f7b46cc8b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (89 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shushico 40 m"\n  - "Ama Caffè 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zdeněk"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The location is great but the parking is not easy. A few minutes from the city center, right in the \"fun\" neighborhood.”"\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Flori was super kind and was responding super fast. Getting the keys was easy”"\n  - name: "Dominika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was great. The place is very clean. The host is helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/komatas-modern-apartments-in-bllok-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for a touch of entertainment. The inclusion of a fully furnished kitchen, dining area, and essential appliances such as a dishwasher, oven, fridge, and coffee machine, ensures guests feel right at home. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a safety deposit box, private bathroom with a walk-in shower, complimentary slippers, and a hair dryer, enhancing the comfort of each stay. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are readily available in all units.

The on-site amenities further elevate the guest experience. A minimarket caters to everyday needs, while the availability of spa facilities and free WiFi throughout the property adds a layer of relaxation and connectivity. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the yoga and fitness classes offered in the fitness room, and the area's popularity for cycling and fishing presents ample opportunity for outdoor adventures. Moreover, bike and car hire services are provided, facilitating exploration of the surrounding area, including canoeing and hiking activities.

Noteworthy attractions in proximity to Komatas Modern Apartments include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, each offering a glimpse into the rich history and culture of the city. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Komatas Modern Apartments in Bllok Area is an exceptional choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of modern amenities and prime location, ensuring a memorable stay in the heart of Tirana.