---\ntitle: "Kompleks Alb Adriatik Desiree' house"\ndescription: "Just a stone's throw away from the pristine Golem Beach, Kompleks Alb Adriatik Desiree' House emerges as a recently updated gem in Kryemëdhej, offering guests a seamless blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453507552.jpg?k=a7e20e44f796a760b8c40373954a7264b0225c994e3c7bc36dd4a5b60cb72958&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kompleks-alb-adriatik-desiree-house\naddress: "rruga e plazhit 04060112, 2504 Kryemëdhej, Albania"\ncity: "Kryemëdhej"\nlocation: "Kryemëdhej"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25086259\n  lng: 19.52230664\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453507552.jpg?k=a7e20e44f796a760b8c40373954a7264b0225c994e3c7bc36dd4a5b60cb72958&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453507535.jpg?k=9af12cb708bda723fb93c1599710bd7a56f955f18b9e73bb3ca52c7321176a20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466897135.jpg?k=de2c3ad8aa0a6dd72fe7ca536cd96207b5fd90d9443d74fb54e90531c61dffac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460378196.jpg?k=74157368f785f13080c8fa5f1f3737260a96c6768d116dd99d0e3da89b1226aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453507542.jpg?k=5d61b4684d5dd648d93ade8718c5598321e36c8377eb4e4e447d6abbc6fdfa5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460411540.jpg?k=380c8b529f4363a88873cb73c18d6ad46a88f19a063c7a027b093510617075ab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kleant 100 m"\n  - "al&Ri 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kompleks-alb-adriatik.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Kompleks Alb Adriatik Desiree' House is designed to be a home away from home, featuring a balcony that offers a breath of fresh air, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The private bathrooms are modern and equipped with walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable stay. For added convenience, all units are provided with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore the local area or simply enjoy a leisurely ride, the aparthotel offers a bicycle rental service. Additionally, a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have easy access to essentials without having to venture far.

Located merely 400 meters from Mali I Robit Beach and a short 2.1 km from the picturesque Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, the property is perfectly positioned for guests to explore the local coastline. For travelers arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 41 km away, making Kompleks Alb Adriatik Desiree' House an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in the heart of Kryemëdhej.