---\ntitle: "Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA"\ndescription: "Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA emerges as a serene retreat in Pogradec, strategically positioned just a short drive from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524858093.jpg?k=a0e99d8bf4e5694c6050bf35b7d59dbb9698b49aeff159451fa3b85f7fdd918e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kompleksi-cfn-albania\naddress: "Rruga Fondacioni CFN, Buçimas, 7304 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89386667\n  lng: 20.68823437\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524858093.jpg?k=a0e99d8bf4e5694c6050bf35b7d59dbb9698b49aeff159451fa3b85f7fdd918e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524878906.jpg?k=1b300f29f1242ba03dcbde5886d4376ddde5d4716f468024c87e54f713225638&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524878902.jpg?k=4cb6f651556cb212f51ed1ca69cb6067c6b23b7589ad8e87d49a9021464686f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524885736.jpg?k=83ff505d4f2fe30d8f1fd99aaeed4d8147cfc4e7b66f316e24b82af8e5ea4016&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524878898.jpg?k=630933f7bb6f3f2a3304beb5dcf8f3c020408f6bcb439306de2a522c41096614&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524885731.jpg?k=573460d53f0b399f2472a2b99c3e5a5d8679cf3735db8af3b4f2dff87e654a1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Swissburger House 700 m"\n  - "Bocado Beach Bar 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 5 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 12 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 69 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kompleksi-cfn-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nA mere 37 km from the historical Early Christian Basilica and the bustling Port Ohrid, Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA ensures guests are perfectly placed to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the region while enjoying the tranquility away from the city's hustle. The hotel's commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the comfort and well-being of all guests.

Accommodations at Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warmer days. Select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, offering private outdoor space to relax and soak in the surroundings.

Mornings at Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA are greeted with a sumptuous buffet breakfast, a perfect start to a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to notable landmarks, including the Church of St. John at Kaneo and the Cave Church Archangel Michael, positions it as an ideal base for those keen to delve into the area's historical and natural wonders.

Situated 20 km from the intriguing Bay of Bones and with Ohrid Airport only 43 km away, guests will find Kompleksi CFN ALBANIA not only accessible but a peaceful haven that promises a memorable stay in Pogradec.