---\ntitle: "Kompleksi Turistik DEA"\ndescription: "Kompleksi Turistik DEA, located a mere 13 km from the historic Rozafa Castle in Shkodër, emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483707771.jpg?k=68a9a28bfff5b9ffd4890aa554619243070260f09407106be00708a58903cbd5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kompleksi-turistik-dea\naddress: "Rruga Shkodër Mjedë, 4016 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.00701754\n  lng: 19.59671409\nprice: "US$129"\npriceFrom: 129\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483707771.jpg?k=68a9a28bfff5b9ffd4890aa554619243070260f09407106be00708a58903cbd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483718882.jpg?k=c969e4f6d0c2e6b0e573c0f058f31cd9b1af0f9962d8e002e4c43c16d9c485af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483719139.jpg?k=ff1e57b34c360e76b64eec69eea28ff651613dbbad745d06813ddc392bca2117&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483709537.jpg?k=540ceb00ddc0a9c30a2f62b0a80d64b08bd1c5c9ac3de853c8309751a4551b1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483710038.jpg?k=7adfe7c8ad7f0485f29cf530cc809a14d72137597bdf1d7cce3df13ca0f3f1ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483710036.jpg?k=08c54658a2de6f5ff77f575012702cfa0b6025ec3ec7ec91c6cfad70f7495262&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510743947.jpg?k=d976a45792efff4d323456259824f81d237eeefa82867e5c3333a8aef6d24b33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510741227.jpg?k=75450e1e1fb2ee954d7401e079623a246db48c81274710a42e88fc19e4bab243&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483719306.jpg?k=8c213ef30027373863d468bb5d1f553608b79033ec10dcaf1e944a07b9e11f0f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Lake View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Bossi 900 m"\n  - "Restorant Marku Juban 2.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 10 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 47 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 65 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nathalie"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Loved the stay. Nice house, in a beautiful 'attraction' park. The property is very modern, good equipped and has everything anyone wishes. Only the curtains are a bit seen through, so if it gets clear very early in the morning, you could wake up...”"\n  - name: "Florian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and cozy bungalow - high standard interior and facilities. We felt really comfortable in this property. It’s next to a small water park. Nice staff, restaurant offers a nice variety in the evening.”"\n  - name: "Sanne"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“It was very clean, spacious and the staff were extremely accommodating and friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villas-of-dea.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering room service and a 24-hour front desk, complemented by the modern amenity of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Each room is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort, featuring air conditioning, a desk, and a private balcony that presents breathtaking river views, allowing guests to unwind in a picturesque setting.

Accommodations at Kompleksi Turistik DEA are not only about comfort but also about the experience. Guests can enjoy a terrace that boasts a majestic mountain view, adding a touch of tranquility to their stay. The rooms are well-equipped with a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and the convenience of a fridge, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. Additionally, the provision of bed linen and towels adds an extra layer of convenience for travelers.

Situated just 17 km from the enchanting Lake Skadar and with Podgorica Airport 69 km away, the hotel's location makes it an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the region. Kompleksi Turistik DEA stands out as a premier choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the splendor of Shkodër while enjoying the peace and comfort of a well-appointed accommodation.