---\ntitle: "konak l Skanderbeg Square"\ndescription: "Konak I Skanderbeg Square emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705471.jpg?k=9de122cb0a6ba41b40a9be5415ee16eca4a3ad967374dfed61c055bf98463288&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: konak-l-skanderbeg-square\naddress: "Bulevardi Zogu I, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33088355\n  lng: 19.81793218\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705471.jpg?k=9de122cb0a6ba41b40a9be5415ee16eca4a3ad967374dfed61c055bf98463288&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705488.jpg?k=48e2ceff362ddea24189c0097801fd3b1be390735a8468ca8e10c3747aaf46fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705489.jpg?k=526978c0dd209c3dfaee9745dc85e6fecc5c620b7dba3f3665e85797fd3cb4c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705490.jpg?k=985dac65a7984e28dac41b51ff4860deb633b5308f549b44a012064f190e9a9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705518.jpg?k=0b3e0fb1b3edd0e8b96d7eefe69c50a07f8f6c93334071161b306ddfddf3e9c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486705492.jpg?k=aced2f07dfca72d4ab4352c31724977841b248b69f693dfa1f55631073cbe24f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mase 10 m"\n  - "Hotel London 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wiktoria"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We’ve enjoyed our stay the most because of the great hospitality. Big thank you for our host Albi who arranged everything nicely and took care of us during our stay. The studio looked fresh and light, which we find very sterile and we love...”"\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Location was perfect, very close to the center. The apartments were very clean and nicely designed. The owner was very polite and made sure we had everything we need. There was free coffee and tea :)”"\n  - name: "Ibrahimi"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“I had an excellent stay at this hotel. Its location was perfect for exploring the area, and my room was exceptionally clean and comfortable. The host, Albi, was a standout, always ready to help with any request at any time. Plus, there's a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/konak-l-skanderbeg-square.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Konak I Skanderbeg Square are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring kitchenettes for a home-like experience. The availability of free WiFi across the premises ensures that guests stay connected, whether for leisure or work. Selected rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of balconies, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. All units boast air conditioning and flat-screen TVs, ensuring a stay marked by relaxation and entertainment.

Beyond the doors of Konak I Skanderbeg Square, guests can explore additional points of interest, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for cultural aficionados. For those traveling to and from Tirana, the convenience is underscored by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the city.

Konak I Skanderbeg Square not only offers a comfortable stay but also serves as a gateway to the rich history and vibrant culture of Tirana, making it a compelling choice for discerning travelers.