---\ntitle: "KONI's Studio Apartments"\ndescription: "KONI's Studio Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380303529.jpg?k=ca6679ff30d063e6907bc9560c4ebb76886d17c6dd386a8fc691dad1923a54a8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: koni-s-studio-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32554977\n  lng: 19.81588666\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 175\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380303529.jpg?k=ca6679ff30d063e6907bc9560c4ebb76886d17c6dd386a8fc691dad1923a54a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380303230.jpg?k=577fa7035ede42fd465c2ffe3beac7102790adb9eeba7b2ab0c38dbe484d83fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403372391.jpg?k=684e65d8506238a24f05d897278f9fd4a7fcbe099764e604983470a3c179e696&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380303453.jpg?k=abe27ed1bb29f8ca34ba6935aa007153b592efeb760234d628547c62ffa817fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380303433.jpg?k=28169f79674568b7abe537cee67bfe45c49a53035f2f63fb3d991b509c711413&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403375508.jpg?k=03886366d4360405d498a99582061ca913530f74c431dec342a11ffeb600947c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Fast Food 20 m"\n  - "Eiffel 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benevieri"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The host is amazing, very kind and careful to guests needs. The location of the apartment is just great, you can walk to every point of interest. Furthermore the apartment is clean and very beautiful, freshly renewed. It really was better than I...”"\n  - name: "Ahmed"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“The apartment owner 'Jona' was very friendly, helpful and supportive.
Her response was fast and the place was clean and the location was perfect.
Highly recommend this!”"\n  - name: "Danny"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very central location, perfect for our city break, it was a very clean apartment and the owners were very helpful. they even sent us places to eat and places to visit. i would 100% stay here again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/konis-studio-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at KONI's Studio Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each apartment is equipped with essential amenities, including air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, a flat-screen TV for evening entertainment, and a private bathroom featuring a bidet and hair dryer for added convenience. For guests desiring a breath of fresh air without stepping out, select units boast balconies offering a glimpse of the city's dynamic rhythm.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests will appreciate the availability of free WiFi throughout the property, ensuring that staying connected is never a hassle. Although private parking is available for an additional fee, the ease of access to notable attractions such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque more than compensates. These landmarks, along with the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, make KONI's Studio Apartments a compelling choice for both leisure and business travelers looking to immerse themselves in the local culture while enjoying the comforts of home.