---\ntitle: "Kore Guest House"\ndescription: "Kore Guest House emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of history and comfort in Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364401871.jpg?k=ea4c8fed14c87c5b027d9faf01cd85eb19ca4aaf2f575fe5262445932c7597bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kore-guest-house\naddress: "Familia Kore, Rruga Ismail Kadare, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07476939\n  lng: 20.13646156\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 944\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364401871.jpg?k=ea4c8fed14c87c5b027d9faf01cd85eb19ca4aaf2f575fe5262445932c7597bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518163823.jpg?k=93f4f01510aa1b6e41ce94f9eb62e5c7bd7f96db2991c08d29319ac5240ff2a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518163550.jpg?k=0cf4bf3cfe094240ca4799e060120bbf4885177cd60e12220f2353b45c4c186c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518517510.jpg?k=006566697184817a6d2b3a8d943de7b1b5885838b0e0b4cce4fa109de2b7a23f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302488077.jpg?k=b1cdf137a044d22d74b1d03224efb485c9a9031ec64e9964414e858afea9e400&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518543636.jpg?k=b182d912815703ef0868fbc8ba89f0345e0de8e3a64b74b264f656726d961905&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Large Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Silver Hill Reastaurant 50 m"\n  - "Klajd 100 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yzabellune"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The accommodation is located in the middle of the beautiful old town, everything can be reached on foot. We were able to park the car free of charge. The breakfast was delicious and the room was very comfortable. We were warmly welcomed and we...”"\n  - name: "Juanita"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“We got upgraded to a huge and beautifully decorated room with amazing views to the castle. The hosts were super kind and the breakfast was delicious. The location is great, in the middle of the old town with true parking facilities.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, very nice room, climatization was working good (it was cold in January), bed was comfty, owners were very kind and helpful and we had a delicious breakfast with mountain tee which I like the most :) Highly recommended :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kore-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Kore Guest House are thoughtfully designed to cater to diverse guest needs. Select rooms feature a terrace and are equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. Guests can enjoy the convenience of a dining area and a seating area, complemented by a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with each unit boasting a private bathroom and complimentary WiFi access. For those with sensitivity concerns, allergy-free options are available, ensuring a pleasant stay for all guests.

Understanding the adventurous spirit of its guests, Kore Guest House offers packed lunches for those planning to explore the surrounding landmarks and attractions. 

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, the guest house serves as an ideal base for travelers looking to experience the rich history and captivating beauty of Gjirokastër and its environs.