---\ntitle: "Koroni Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Koroni Boutique Hotel stands out as a modern oasis in the historic heart of Berat, providing guests with a seamless blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494050131.jpg?k=4f952817c404827d2b75f2e6c8a523d538e7aae6622ffdc19352e898bf50163b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: koroni-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga e Goricës, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70294461\n  lng: 19.94762414\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494050131.jpg?k=4f952817c404827d2b75f2e6c8a523d538e7aae6622ffdc19352e898bf50163b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493601585.jpg?k=7944762a3932847f497dd13b4a6e8c881af85725ad199225eaa0cd9f0ea74664&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494050130.jpg?k=fd3190fb305ba7052d0b5905804efb62e5519b50dca3f1d8f8b26d13d78105f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494049940.jpg?k=933ba5299964968409c657b58c8d1690701d84de51b0215b280a44844ad326a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493108356.jpg?k=4cf41d807a8f126e01cc76236193f9704582da92a6b2d2e2a3ef78ca6290c3e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494049734.jpg?k=ecc0356e464aa62e446861536e0db453fc9437d073f336d28ed8861212304b83&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Castle View"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 50 m"\n  - "Zonja Gjene 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very helpful and caring staff, historical, extremely well renovated building with soul, location, view on the river, old town and castle, delicious traditional breakfasts, cleanliness, hotel and rooms outfit”"\n  - name: "Valdet"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was great, but a little bit cold when we arrived at the hotel. All the rest during our stay was really nice.”"\n  - name: "Jakub"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful rooms, great location, hospitable host. Quiet, safe and peaceful. Delicious breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/koroni-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Cultural Experience"\nbestCategories: "Cultural Experience"\ncategory: "Cultural Experience"\n---\n\nEach room is thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warm Berat days. The accommodations are well-equipped with a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV, boasting an array of satellite channels, while the private bathroom comes stocked with complimentary toiletries and a refreshing shower. For added convenience, a fridge is included in every room, catering to the needs of guests preferring to keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

Adding to the charm of Koroni Boutique Hotel is its inviting terrace, offering a tranquil spot for guests to relax and soak in the serene atmosphere of the surroundings.

For travelers venturing from afar, the hotel is conveniently located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible choice for both domestic and international guests seeking a memorable stay in Berat.