---\ntitle: "Kristi Apartments 03"\ndescription: "Kristi Apartments 03 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832932.jpg?k=1ce535b2937844bd55db8526bcdc3cd7c6617778d1f91cc3bf4c38b6d9c6c8df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kristi-apartments-03\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi, Pall. 37/1 H.1, Ap. 2 1 floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32929572\n  lng: 19.82352451\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832932.jpg?k=1ce535b2937844bd55db8526bcdc3cd7c6617778d1f91cc3bf4c38b6d9c6c8df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832406.jpg?k=af62dbbe47f8c2633aa74aec1bd7015d28b74d50f4d5ea53c4efb60431020755&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832704.jpg?k=c3c673aafb65603b4575e80745d0f6dfadc9ffde7052ed1200b077031a185c7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832061.jpg?k=672ac9b0e6cb64b8b3da9a367fb1c357d8b74b64f3457871794c5c3129b897de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832405.jpg?k=8a0eadbd2a678b4a069ca21ea6a073ad47ae347e075163c8423cc5b609d735d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432634892.jpg?k=ee1ef98f13f2a1d17a5acade750ed8d0e2bb3be0488ff0b5ea62c605d5a72044&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832266.jpg?k=f52c977e046df87a9ccea54d0e49c942011503bfa6ac4a880bdc1dedc2b84779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512832925.jpg?k=82befd8cf324a847a60f9dbdc85cc79d208937f6225bdc4a5a3fe58be65868bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413647538.jpg?k=2ad23dfd5cbb58651851507d8c94dd6826bd6a4114718b7f7eb989a00194a4a6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (98 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Torcoletto da Fabio 40 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“This was for sure the best place we stayed at during our trip in Albania and one of the best places I had a chance to stay in! Our host Nikolla made a lot of good job! I appreciate it! Thanks a lot!”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect for our stay. Spotlessly clean with all the mod cons.
The host was exceptional. The communication was amazing. A WhatsApp with all the check-in details a few days before we arrived. The host picked us up from the...”"\n  - name: "Heather"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was perfect and the apartment was excellent.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kristi-apartment-03.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, Kristi Apartments 03 invites guests into a world of modern amenities and thoughtful touches. The apartment boasts a spacious bedroom, a sleek bathroom equipped with a bath, and a living area that opens up to a refreshing balcony. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, allows for the easy preparation of meals. A washing machine, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Privacy is paramount at Kristi Apartments 03, with a private entrance setting the tone for a secluded retreat. The provision of airport transfers and the availability of a car rental service underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction, making travel arrangements seamless and stress-free.

The apartment's location is a gateway to discovery, with the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana all within easy reach. For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits exploration, located 43 km away. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 14 km from the property, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures.

Kristi Apartments 03 stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those eager to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a blend of modern comforts, privacy, and unparalleled access to the city's most sought-after attractions.