---\ntitle: "Kristina Suites"\ndescription: "Kristina Suites emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220082042.jpg?k=33dbad477099859410d2c92664afd0ce49ed384a83126c544fdd8af58d551318&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kristina-suites\naddress: "Rruga e Flamurit, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87435613\n  lng: 20.00829383\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 138\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220082042.jpg?k=33dbad477099859410d2c92664afd0ce49ed384a83126c544fdd8af58d551318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220085459.jpg?k=dcd644ac33551fd76ab4bae94f0f4cf155833885c23999d1f4741fe2c07622ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220083370.jpg?k=c15561eddb739b624965c81093b213e193bbbc816ebba7d3b81d6d9d7c173b1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220093302.jpg?k=11e80344d1ddb3b988b42d7424664b236965565f77e074e050baa0a93dfbf6aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220085420.jpg?k=6f1911232cff484e3b7637a5b74bda886d99f7343f4c61e5960531b07cd9fa87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220083392.jpg?k=f5a6d59957dee010beae6c8795e7139be3900efa305da9f3875a0aadb429239d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220083639.jpg?k=77ac079f230e913078616513ac6131ea4055441b0f96bad2fbf571348b3b26f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220083331.jpg?k=311478e911fe10b842a268fd973b8149762d5c3015b1af149194f454f030108f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220082033.jpg?k=fb04531a03f78919ef1e487caad98d47f0cf465d4b246883ff3653cddbd8380d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Porto Eda Rooftop 40 m"\n  - "Crepaland 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 100 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ricardo"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Great apartment. Good size apartment, all new and working.”"\n  - name: "Dawid"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“View from balcony, location, breakfast flexibility.”"\n  - name: "Maryna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel is magnificent, fantastic sea view, helpful and polite staff who are always ready to help. The room is very spacious, bright and clean. The location is chic. We'll be back for sure)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kristina-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach suite at Kristina Suites is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a private balcony that boasts stunning sea views, and a cozy seating area equipped with a sofa for relaxation. The inclusion of a fridge adds a touch of home, while the en-suite bathrooms are equipped with both a shower and a bidet, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

For those looking to explore Sarandë, Kristina Suites offers the perfect base. The bustling Port of Sarandë is located just 800 meters away, making it a convenient spot for guests planning boat trips or excursions. The surrounding area is a treasure trove of local cafes, restaurants, and shops, all within easy walking distance, offering a glimpse into the vibrant local culture and cuisine.

Adventure seekers will find Butrint National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage site, accessible at just 8 km away, promising a day filled with historical exploration and natural beauty. Additionally, for guests arriving from or planning visits to Corfu, the Corfu Airport is a manageable 34 km journey, making Kristina Suites an ideal stopover or starting point for an unforgettable Adriatic adventure.

In summary, Kristina Suites stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting Sarandë.