---\ntitle: "Kristi Apartments 02"\ndescription: "Kristi Apartments 02 emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512831260.jpg?k=ad270732811477fb79966b6dfd4764d0b5485e95cca9dec48b391b5b959c705a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kristi-apartments-02\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi, P. 37/1 H.1 Ap. 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3293123\n  lng: 19.82337928\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512831260.jpg?k=ad270732811477fb79966b6dfd4764d0b5485e95cca9dec48b391b5b959c705a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411322444.jpg?k=49d69937cfdf90394e6f7f56608dc8686044c3cfba4f9cd165b28d2fec685e78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512830810.jpg?k=9778f71b17170c47a74f32f24c5dc0ef150ac52729f3151e9777c05a95261c16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512829332.jpg?k=8d188c7f1e9f8e8fe62945a1b333b341ed32c1078baaf9cd2f62b47e3be674a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512830808.jpg?k=9f02009da6bef238bb9b3d9e4a63f13d50cf0a6ac7122cf907473c0d66059728&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412449188.jpg?k=ad7fbb8fe5b4cf7dadd5c7c412fd65949401479d96fa5d6bea1d4d895e075b09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512830811.jpg?k=7f3f82346810061c8616d8142e6b421d08796cd0d06ef4294b63ba40d9166ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512830668.jpg?k=2a387870e365cec10c20a95bb3fd0a98a3840c956956d95f988215b39e8e63c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413646682.jpg?k=1af72fd51fc2cdc3cd99d467fc5e1142f98c3d10378c7bc2060ba6fb72927da9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (83 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Torcoletto da Fabio 50 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Glin"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything was good, the owner is a very nice man, & his brother is also very nice, they picked me up from the airport & also dropped me off to the airport, nice people these Albanians, the apartment was incredible awesome, it was so nice, big...”"\n  - name: "Sebastian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very kind owner with easy communication via WhatsApp. Very helpful.
Self-check-in with a key box, making the process very straightforward.
Great location with the airport bus stop just a 5-minute walk away. Many nearby bars, cafes, and...”"\n  - name: "Marcinkowska"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful and clean apartment. The host is always available and amiable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kristi-apartment-02.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful living spaces, boasting a bedroom equipped with a flat-screen TV that offers a variety of streaming services for entertainment at any time. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a toaster, alongside a washing machine, caters to the needs of guests preferring the comforts of home-cooked meals and the convenience of in-house laundry. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the apartment's appeal. Notably, the accommodation guarantees privacy with its exclusive entrance.

For those eager to explore Tirana's cultural landscape, Kristi Apartments 02 is ideally positioned near the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the historic Tanners' Bridge. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, merely 14 km away, coupled with available services such as airport transfers and car rental options, facilitates effortless travel planning and exploration of the surrounding area.

Kristi Apartments 02 represents a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities, privacy, and a strategic location to enrich the travel experience.