---\ntitle: "Kristal Apartments"\ndescription: "Kristal Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128338.jpg?k=8a59ceb56c1a5a8c2c7b9b990da0be0531e2cc0c547ccf0fe812bb01ddab5596&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kristal-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Tasini, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76772635\n  lng: 20.00186791\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128338.jpg?k=8a59ceb56c1a5a8c2c7b9b990da0be0531e2cc0c547ccf0fe812bb01ddab5596&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128833.jpg?k=d9a6385b3de82d2762447e26f332c75adf3b24c60a4225470c07f2042d834b9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430551532.jpg?k=95c1d4e596fd2e8257cec09a37f2b9c53fa017d4a334ad2613087b838b78c707&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128976.jpg?k=ae97c8aa56bea0afd36b29f16313650514d55dc90c2b5f6bc1d896f83a422bd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430556865.jpg?k=ae1c1ff9d744f1e80bf4aca0af8d1c072d970bd4cfd6856757cc091322c13e84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128975.jpg?k=870a56150ad1303f5527f3e3030e04f1fb486bf3619b94a71e17407e5b3d3191&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430551862.jpg?k=51a45efee7fdbeae42e09e86bb1a4202df6d9a144fdb1a69fb7d5bdb9c65ce14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128922.jpg?k=588dc396b84af0bd17fe694a83b5d3e34436c85998ef3937fa660c2a1feffa29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128557.jpg?k=67c3af58370720056076ff9e948c362b442f45deea57faa0573621d4c6fd7988&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128843.jpg?k=3dc90097c8ca606885e20d8b1c013278551a3108eda9566de62c7273ed0c98b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128836.jpg?k=bdfe02f4d85f67e6d9524b4d965ffefd4bd48f1dd8a1bda519e2892290565dba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354128919.jpg?k=04bf4bef3b7f6399accc267631bcbee3ab3e5cafa6718579c0f767a3de0a3a5b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cocobeach 50 m"\n  - "Agave 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 50 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klinti"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“everything was so clean and in order. a lot of space and the staff was super gentle and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Alessandra"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“It was very clean with all the necessary utilities for the kitchen.”"\n  - name: "Oleksandr"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Host is very pleasant and hospitable. Good place for parking and outside facilities such as grill, garden tables, and chairs. huge umbrella for shadowing. The kitchen also well equipped. 2 Air conditioners very helpful in August)))”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kristal-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Kristal Apartments are treated to accommodations that boast not only a balcony with serene garden views but also access to a well-maintained garden and barbecue facilities, perfect for leisurely evenings. The highlight of each apartment is undoubtedly the thoughtful provision of amenities designed to ensure a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable. From air-conditioned rooms that promise a respite from the heat to the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi, every detail has been considered.

The living spaces are characterized by their bright, airy feel, complemented by a terrace that offers breathtaking mountain views. Comfort is further enhanced by a seating area and a cable flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, along with the added luxuries of a coffee machine and kettle, invites guests to prepare and enjoy their meals just the way they like.

For those who value privacy and convenience, each apartment includes a private bathroom equipped with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring that guests' needs are met without compromise. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the apartment complex's commitment to guest comfort.

Beyond the confines of Kristal Apartments, guests will find Paradise Beach just 700 meters away, offering another splendid option for sun-seekers. The proximity to Butrint National Park, only 2.6 km away, presents an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the rich history and natural splendor of the region. For those arriving from afar, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km from the property, making Kristal Apartments an accessible haven for international and domestic travelers alike.