---\ntitle: "Kristi"\ndescription: "Kristi emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a stone's throw away from Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473478982.jpg?k=e248b5fbcff125955c821fb1a8c12891a1147d25eba07a1803e5c3606369dd15&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kristi\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti Rruga Gjergj Araniti and Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87909826\n  lng: 20.00261157\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473478982.jpg?k=e248b5fbcff125955c821fb1a8c12891a1147d25eba07a1803e5c3606369dd15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473479104.jpg?k=6f8b0a4d84b0cb4b6e8722055f05fe909c892dba987827f3108a3615bbfd7592&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474904991.jpg?k=ced3c351a2297eb0a5dbdadc9b0aa882f2c3b971f11efa77c5119ac4ab92ec1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473479091.jpg?k=427d9040b351ed87dcf01abf1b79f91c5b090dc7f9d4d0a9074909b489fbfd54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474904997.jpg?k=86609143b073496e75806c7effe23a89bf877fcd0ea17582990a2c98d3cf74a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473479110.jpg?k=c8ce10cd0d5b6332974dd7a6846995df400cb231d69b7df49b39c9b369f1bf16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474904990.jpg?k=18f17e852f35e71012586c348e16600b7148c2a60d98d5cbb0ed11fdb731e11f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473479078.jpg?k=7b32e1bf01a61dc783cc3fabc190266923111518c14cc773e7724f358957f793&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474914527.jpg?k=4bb63f2a5230f990d6c08f3e1612c724e27d52880aeba7065b4742ab0f1acb3e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 100 m"\n  - "Milos Kitchen 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lidija"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Huge space, very comfortable and really nice owners.”"\n  - name: "Vrenezi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was lovely, clean, and well organized. The location and cleanless were excellent .Each room had Air - Conditioning - The most important thing for summer days . Beds were very comfortable. Very good value for your money!”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament Krisi zaskoczył nas od wejścia. Mogę powiedzieć że był ładniejszy niż na zdjęciach. Apartament jest czysty i zadbany. Kuchnia wyposażona jest we wszystkie niezbędne rzeczy do samodzielnego gotownia.
W dwóch sypianiach i salonie jest...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kristi-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms and a balcony that invites guests to relax and soak in the serene surroundings. Entertainment and practical needs are well catered for, with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen at the guests' disposal. The kitchen comes complete with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, making self-catering a breeze. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the stay.

Guests will find themselves captivated by the panoramic city views that Kristi offers, adding an extra layer of enjoyment to their visit. The apartment's location is ideal for explorers, with Sarande Main Beach and La Petite Beach just a short distance away, offering ample opportunities for seaside relaxation and activities. For those looking to venture further, Butrint National Park is within easy reach, located 17 km away, promising a day of adventure amidst nature's splendor.

For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 97 km from the apartment, making Kristi an accessible retreat for both local and overseas visitors. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, Kristi stands as a top recommendation for anyone planning a visit to Sarandë.