---\ntitle: "Kroi'Pistolve"\ndescription: "Kroi'Pistolve emerges as a serene retreat in Krujë, situated a mere 34 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 30 km from the historic heart of Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516968809.jpg?k=96adbb1ca022048a7337a25cf03154099f92c0a349caa671a062bed0bd0c0d2f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kroi-pistolve\naddress: "D7 Rruga Stavri Themeli, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.51168051\n  lng: 19.78629379\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516968809.jpg?k=96adbb1ca022048a7337a25cf03154099f92c0a349caa671a062bed0bd0c0d2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521634393.jpg?k=cd5bf2663b78896f4bb8b4bb4e6f8d280217107ee6405e933893b5e063dc5a48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521987385.jpg?k=fba29c4fb46b68f0a23f21be95a55f4a9fbfde01da38fa723ab3f07567e0e473&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510361731.jpg?k=5c964ba497e7040b77126b97aa54bf05db2024c11f5df69c191684ee900bd454&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523892267.jpg?k=3bbb37c76683ed85aa4615a46ebd69034e3c9ae4218bd241ead21d64dcac7817&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521634385.jpg?k=86b0dce94c8d881fdd7afdb36862392418d56ef16e558283313dd872cb2d68a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Family Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chocolate Bar 400 m"\n  - "Pastiçeri Vogli 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 19 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 20 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 20 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 20 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anton"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We had the pleasure of being the first guests at this charming new guesthouse, and our experience was nothing short of amazing! The location is ideal, providing easy access to local attractions while maintaining a peaceful ambiance. The guesthouse...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kroi-pistolve.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to accommodations that boast terraces with breathtaking mountain views, alongside fully equipped kitchens featuring ovens and microwaves for a home-cooked meal away from home. The presence of a shared bathroom with a bidet in every unit, complemented by patios offering an outdoor dining experience amidst garden views, adds a touch of elegance and comfort. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the guest house's commitment to convenience and hygiene.

The culinary experience at Kroi'Pistolve is equally noteworthy, with a breakfast selection that spans buffet and continental options, enriched by local specialties, fresh pastries, and fruits served daily. The guest house also boasts a cozy lounge for relaxation and a handy minimarket for any necessities.

For those seeking adventure, Kroi'Pistolve offers car hire and complimentary bicycle use, encouraging guests to explore the surrounding area's cycling and hiking trails. Notably, the guest house's location provides easy access to significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Rock of Kavaje, located 31 km and 47 km away, respectively. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 17 km away, with available paid airport shuttle service, ensures a hassle-free travel experience for guests.

In essence, Kroi'Pistolve presents a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a peaceful escape with the promise of adventure and cultural exploration within reach.