---\ntitle: "Kronos Hotel"\ndescription: "Kronos Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491715379.jpg?k=4fe81db9e03afc1f143d9060c2a1ef238c7723791d10f10552aaf75b557919f2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kronos-hotel\naddress: "Ambulanca Koxhas, Shijak Maminas, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.35929475\n  lng: 19.57874876\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491715379.jpg?k=4fe81db9e03afc1f143d9060c2a1ef238c7723791d10f10552aaf75b557919f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491718459.jpg?k=078c92ebf123daa1a02d0cb193cd8a32f3dac9170f00ccfd2a04f4cbf2a43a5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399365817.jpg?k=d704eabe6323329c08d068adfc920b79ace8fe7d400d1c5be9cb833df2d40da4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491715100.jpg?k=7a05afe461a815b83293485b077e34633de012725d15e50716ddbb45ae2bf017&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491713392.jpg?k=930f0c7dac3b581e4f63c8ce4df0a7c3926c00087cc94445b7c1946bb80e48db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491719106.jpg?k=02a2b9bf1e738d616fd2eff8a017a04829078721e0395a63b7afbcd84ce7e465&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Executive Suite"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milano Restorant 2.3 km"\n  - "Paris Caffé 2.4 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 17 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 17 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 99 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My recent night at Kronos Hotel was absolutely fantastic! This place offers the perfect retreat from the noise of the city with a warm and welcoming staff who made my stay incredibly enjoyable.
The room was not only spacious but also incredibly...”"\n  - name: "Manon"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“It is a very nice and new hotel. Employees were friendly at arrival and well spoken English. Dinner was good. We stayed here one night between our trip from Komani lake and Berat because of the long drive.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This place was terrific, but we regret staying only one night.
We had to take an early flight from Tirana, and we chose this hotel since it was more affordable than all the ones next to the airport. The building is new; the rooms are very stylish...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kronos.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nDining at Kronos Hotel is an experience in itself, with the restaurant serving a delightful mix of Catalan and French cuisine, complemented by an inviting bar where guests can unwind with a cocktail. The hotel's accommodations do not disappoint, featuring rooms equipped with desks, air conditioning, and flat-screen TVs for a comfortable stay. Select rooms also boast balconies, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax. For added convenience, all rooms include a safety deposit box and a private bathroom complete with a bidet and hairdryer.

Mornings at Kronos Hotel start on a high note with a continental breakfast, setting the tone for the day ahead. Families will appreciate the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. 

Situated 26 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and just 15 km from the Durres Amphitheatre, the hotel's location invites guests to explore the rich history of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 20 km away, Kronos Hotel stands out as a prime choice for both leisure and business travelers looking for a memorable stay in Durrës.