---\ntitle: "Kruja Albergo Diffuso , Inside Kruja Castle"\ndescription: "Kruja Albergo Diffuso, Inside Kruja Castle, emerges as a distinctive choice for travelers seeking a blend of history and comfort in Krujë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481503987.jpg?k=83cae0695ef115040d49b047b03d14bf3aba8158982b9350d8d718a8837b14be&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kruja-albergo-diffuso-inside-kruja-castle\naddress: "Rruga Kala, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50703576\n  lng: 19.79333539\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 140\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481503987.jpg?k=83cae0695ef115040d49b047b03d14bf3aba8158982b9350d8d718a8837b14be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481504214.jpg?k=fe94a1576be875efea2e04a374f4481a4660d598e9093fa1f565b3d744ca2610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481515498.jpg?k=e3ad7099e8e60d32b49bb66e215e95a64af4c048368d57fdc4d908eae8e58b6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481505391.jpg?k=e7aac96ec2ad8f912e27e271ef0f6c032c1f17f495201a2e8a77ea423eab345f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481516623.jpg?k=02e7199909700b27154b7f636ad6ea4e8058e10815ad0c4d6ff64af970bf77ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481503967.jpg?k=71f7615b0b0215d5ed4393d2deae70294a49b81307b8df8f06aa43a1a73da159&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "KROI 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Merlika 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 18 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 18 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 19 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 19 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Machi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was heated before we arrived. The room is beautiful and clean as shown in the photo. staff?／Owner? was kind and we had a comfortable stay.”"\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“A beautiful accomodation in a perfect location. The Kruja castle is an amazing place, with one of the best sunsets I have ever seen. The hotel is located literally inside the castle, which makes up for a special experience. The staff is very...”"\n  - name: "Ekaterina"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“We very much enjoyed our stay at Albergo Diffuso! The nice owner met us and showed us where to park. He recommended an excellent restaurant for dinner, where we ended up going two more times during our 2-days stay. The room was beautifully...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kruja-albergo-diffuso.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its well-appointed rooms, each featuring essential furnishings such as a wardrobe, a desk, and a flat-screen TV. Select rooms elevate the guest experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering a unique vantage point of the surrounding area.

For those looking to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Krujë, Kruja Albergo Diffuso provides an ideal base. The hotel is not only a gateway to cycling adventures in the region but also lies in proximity to significant historical sites, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Rock of Kavaje.

Accessibility is a key feature, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 18 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. The hotel also facilitates exploration and ease of travel through its airport transfer and car rental services, making it a compelling choice for both leisure and business travelers.

In summary, Kruja Albergo Diffuso, Inside Kruja Castle, stands out for its strategic location, blending historical intrigue with the comforts of modern hospitality, making it a must-visit destination for those venturing into the heart of Krujë.