---\ntitle: "Ksamil Central Park Hotel"\ndescription: "Ksamil Central Park Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, just a short 400-meter stroll from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290205374.jpg?k=3a8dab386b51e5ae4610e5c12f2befdd38f6bbae3b58d6c021fe27893bafcb23&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ksamil-central-park-hotel\naddress: "Road Baba Sherifi Ksamil 11, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77145923\n  lng: 20.00609178\nprice: "US$323"\npriceFrom: 323\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 558\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290205374.jpg?k=3a8dab386b51e5ae4610e5c12f2befdd38f6bbae3b58d6c021fe27893bafcb23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290206813.jpg?k=7ba0020ad0027e98ea2d97833e3897c3457727245896efeefe9adeaafa08a12d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303219495.jpg?k=636537b787b267723f623778b34d3df22d94d4050d91195ab34e7dbf891d1a40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290209536.jpg?k=b367197932ee73fe6a218428246b4961807f4e15de3f10f26fb881278f94f9f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303219481.jpg?k=6c0971c36b2c7a5466c1685a721244725670de622f7292e4520e484f86de10c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290205909.jpg?k=c2a6144c488d5829d7bb78d65bc4d1527ba4806ae931cc1961b5b7618a40d438&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Family Studio"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Freskia E Jonit 50 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 350 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Juliana"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“The room looks better than the photos. Everything looks brand new, spotless, spacious. The staff is friendly, kind, accommodating. It's within walking distance to the beaches and restaurants.The hotel exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend.”"\n  - name: "Endrit"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great value for the price, excellent breakfast, welcoming receptionist, super clean & nice atmosphere”"\n  - name: "Filipe"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Perfect location. I was very well received. Bleona helped me to feel imediatly confortable. She is a wonderful person always ready to help with a beautiful smile. It’s posible to wash the clothes for an affordable price.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-timo-arti-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Ksamil Central Park Hotel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful stay. Each room boasts modern comforts such as air conditioning, a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels. The added luxury of a balcony presents guests with captivating city views, while the convenience of an in-room fridge adds a touch of home.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's on-site restaurant, where a diverse menu features American, British, and French cuisine, alongside a commendable vegan selection. Guests can start their day on the right note with a variety of breakfast options, ranging from continental to Full English/Irish and Italian specialties.

Families will appreciate the children's playground, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests, while business travelers can take advantage of essential services like fax and photocopying, as well as an ironing service to keep attire crisp.

Situated near popular attractions such as Coco Beach, Ksamil Beach 7, and Bora Bora Beach, the hotel's location makes it an ideal base for exploring the area's natural beauty. For those venturing further, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Ksamil Central Park Hotel a convenient choice for international travelers.

In summary, Ksamil Central Park Hotel stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a harmonious blend of attentive service, comprehensive amenities, and a prime location in the enchanting town of Ksamil.