---\ntitle: "Ksamil holiday"\ndescription: "Ksamil Holiday emerges as a serene retreat, located merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467272395.jpg?k=43e52e586ad5d5a8ac2ae89444e4683483cdb9ca0bdee4fefb660ccc59888310&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ksamil-holiday\naddress: "Ali Pasha Tepelena, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77059361\n  lng: 20.01070216\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 174\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467272395.jpg?k=43e52e586ad5d5a8ac2ae89444e4683483cdb9ca0bdee4fefb660ccc59888310&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467272541.jpg?k=f235b033a94ad5da6ac32f06bfb2305cd6edfcbcadb860b50629b3dffbc19835&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207227177.jpg?k=407ca1e3ae186dfcbacc2a4327c5b1d54de7a570350422791c42a3564614e1b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207227167.jpg?k=c3ca174faf5248b7ccabac9e86938dc3c7a1dae72d7c551f5dbe961ac47f3e5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467272911.jpg?k=2deb809525d987b07a60457bc4b71d88ca1f2d2b29b6b19077e1f697b7a6eaf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475810983.jpg?k=81b492bb9ed784b5282d303d0e19d61e73645f612e15418d9ad59e0815c19d1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316669833.jpg?k=1a145d0706af814e4df705358efd21283eb1367f35152714af6fa5b08bb0be43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269634597.jpg?k=bb711c06bad27f1fdd280a3cf4471d154c12932e56cdad4b820f268b3b355084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269634235.jpg?k=6277f5fa07bcc3ee89e67e2112b6397b9d16dc17438f065f698ba5dace52c437&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Lake View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 150 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zsolt"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartment is located within walking distance from the center of Ksamil, in a peaceful, calm, newly built neighborhood. The house and its yard, as well as the apartment, are very beautiful, new, pleasant and comfortable. The bed has a great...”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“1. The room:
- spacious,
- clean,
- well equipped,
- big and comfortable bed,
- very big and quiet terrace,
- good wifi,
- excellent water pressure,
- feels like home.
2. The owners:
- the most hospitable family,
- very nice, polite and helpful,
-...”"\n  - name: "Ioana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The view is amazing from the roof and the host is the best. A very kind family, they helped us a lot. He knows english and is available any time. Very nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ksamil-holiday-examilio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach unit at Ksamil Holiday is thoughtfully designed to enhance the guest experience, featuring terraces or balconies that present breathtaking sea and mountain vistas. The comfort of air conditioning, a cozy seating area, satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen ensure a home-away-from-home atmosphere. Guests can enjoy meals in the open air, thanks to patios equipped with outdoor dining areas that overlook the lake. The convenience of private bathrooms, complete with a bath and hair dryer, underscores the attention to detail in every aspect of the accommodation.

For those looking to explore the area, Ksamil Holiday facilitates both bicycle and car rental services, making it effortless to venture out. Sunset Beach is just 1.3 km away, offering another spot for relaxation and sunbathing, while the historical Butrint National Park is a mere 3.3 km from the property, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the rich cultural heritage of the region. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, located 93 km away, with paid airport shuttle service available for a seamless travel experience.

Ksamil Holiday stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the picturesque setting of Ksamil.