---\ntitle: "Ksamil Apartments"\ndescription: "Ksamil Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience, situated merely 300 meters from the vibrant heart of Ksamil and a short 450-meter stroll to the nearest beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319281783.jpg?k=323c1d2deb3aaa3eb33297401975a79a1bee08b6b6a740d425eb005209862338&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ksamil-apartments\naddress: "Baba Sherifi dhe Orfeu, 9607 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76970994\n  lng: 20.00642538\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 319\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319281783.jpg?k=323c1d2deb3aaa3eb33297401975a79a1bee08b6b6a740d425eb005209862338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/37584710.jpg?k=06961130dacfefb498d285eea690e338ee33c52dc16f4e5c85b84a6c55fad000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299466766.jpg?k=4e1c175c6b6d7920466cdcaa54652caa2318d44eb0baf9d3668d37b96b6681ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127972926.jpg?k=e6da3cdf41a8ac9bab47c59338df834a1bb9a09d0f9797df57258ebb4948ee8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367455031.jpg?k=db37f4fdf55c0b9874a9d14a44e605c72042946dfd649f4ad7e50284383c4e84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367453388.jpg?k=1373a381b8464740725fe9c1ea48e60c6ce929d4de5e6bd561c68391a90ac609&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483044609.jpg?k=e4ca6f6f1444451c32898deee579eb980c656dbe8ff1ad987527430f029e0acf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482473740.jpg?k=6d882dd5b9cfafe0448db263367541e61223a28e49426dc2b8ae1396bc7df7d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483044615.jpg?k=5cc26a0c217908c4ebf076ffd69e6b111088a4500ae3237bbd02a9c16c7e2527&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 100 m"\n  - "Fish Shop Butrint 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kerstin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I really liked it. I had a room on the 3rd floor and a great view of Ksamil from my balcony and the sunset in the evening.
I had everything I needed in the room. A small kitchenette, a dining table, wardrobe. There was also a TV, but I didn't...”"\n  - name: "Ivan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Excellent! The owner was willing, drove to the port for us and finally took us there. The room was clean, the bathroom was great, the kitchen had everything we needed. The pool under the room was great too. Total satisfaction for the money! ...”"\n  - name: "Symo81"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely place, well priced & located 5 min walk to the main road and 10 mins to the beach. Lovely family running the apartments, many thanks for a great stay. Swimming pool is ever so clean and perfect on a boiling hot day.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ksamil-apartments-saranta.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully equipped with cable TV and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The inclusion of modern bathrooms equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For those warmer days, selected units boast air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment regardless of the weather.

The property is enveloped by a lush garden, providing a tranquil oasis for guests to unwind. For those keen on exploring, the historic Butrint National Park is a mere 3 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage. Additionally, the bustling town of Sarandë is easily accessible, located just 13 km from the apartments. Convenience is further enhanced by the provision of free private parking on site, making it an ideal base for those traveling by car.

Ksamil Apartments not only offers a strategic location and essential amenities but also serves as a gateway to the natural and historical treasures of the region, making it a compelling choice for discerning travelers.