---\ntitle: "KT Qato Hotel"\ndescription: "KT Qato Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Bogovë, offering a harmonious blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371912978.jpg?k=b60895903add5be0cc13539930c58219d36540a68e9603130ac989e3bc54530d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kt-qato-hotel\naddress: "Unnamed Road, 5405 Bogovë, Albania"\ncity: "Bogovë"\nlocation: "Bogovë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.57050602\n  lng: 20.14519483\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 67\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371912978.jpg?k=b60895903add5be0cc13539930c58219d36540a68e9603130ac989e3bc54530d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371914928.jpg?k=f4712c3097c36b8f0c1b0a1cb766d2fca50e82ab9f1be1d47428359274db8141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185124865.jpg?k=f7a7ef289821618d9c6d0e025cac26462fbf8576ed0c1c9b8a2c111fa598df18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185061021.jpg?k=310768765ccee2f9d3713f9956d2d39b2a54d10199bb1c496e98112eecbf221b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185058964.jpg?k=973b98987203c982f7648b642fd075d87b4a548784b5e55da3a4cecf908e115b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371915052.jpg?k=6e4083022eab6f5622885d373559f002f90d31a20a5eb1bf8c805cf5ba0ed1eb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Economy Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Qato 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Shamo Bogove 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yan"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The hotel, the restaurant (breakfast, lunch and dinner) and the neighborhood.”"\n  - name: "Rick"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very hospital environment located on a beautifull spot. The view from the dinning area is absolutely stunning!”"\n  - name: "Tassadit"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was great about this hotel. The staff est very friendly and helpful. The food was amazing.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/qato-kp.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nDining at KT Qato Hotel is an experience in itself, with a restaurant that prides itself on serving exquisite Mediterranean cuisine, promising a culinary journey that tantalizes the taste buds. The convenience of guests is paramount, evidenced by the provision of free private parking, making arrivals and departures seamless.

Accommodations at KT Qato Hotel are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is a sanctuary of comfort, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe for personal belongings. The private bathrooms are equipped with modern facilities including a bidet, a hairdryer, and slippers, ensuring a blend of luxury and practicality.

Situated 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, KT Qato Hotel offers a tranquil retreat away from the hustle and bustle, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Bogovë.