---\ntitle: "Kulla Pracja Theth"\ndescription: "Kulla Pracja Theth emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking an immersive experience in the heart of Theth, merely 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118300511.jpg?k=1b4f0720ecaabc694746730eb7a96789bf05d0013f1a49c2c3a9d6cb1f52d302&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kulla-pracja-theth\naddress: "Gjecaj Theth, 4001 Theth, Albania"\ncity: "Theth"\nlocation: "Theth"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.39925046\n  lng: 19.76832003\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 157\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118300511.jpg?k=1b4f0720ecaabc694746730eb7a96789bf05d0013f1a49c2c3a9d6cb1f52d302&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379562587.jpg?k=acf5d729ed9be98c46b3807b90000c5e9f074766a628a1b3d1d202bba5ddb2a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118301246.jpg?k=28ccffd534d606fa970d96ef404e1c22d49848c8709068e8fd847387a1a95233&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379564420.jpg?k=5119069dbe0ec9513a1140bcfc387b19d37c1060824092274d2777559598ed01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379722851.jpg?k=8e6b1baf1792b6972e69bf7f1e82407ae3511db17c29d77a207cbc16d76688e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118301799.jpg?k=ad03ae6067dc9afd41f47abfc051ee632bd16b40bd589a05b3374e6447170ad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379715509.jpg?k=9dad9b40d4d4671036c2bcb31104c83858042fb58474fa7e1469cd24c3989cec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379720443.jpg?k=20598702d5d99b636201a396cd37780893e09484ebef8a280a5c612167f794c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118300611.jpg?k=fcfa57477a35ffb180b6df61d8e0575c1483bd337e025f5663146a4ee7e4f10d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Café 350 m"\n  - "Gurra Family' Guesthouse 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 2 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 14 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 42 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 85 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Solo"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“One of the (very friendly) staff told us that this building has been constructed 250 years ago and has been in her family since. It is a very nice house that still looks authentic. The food they make is truly delicious and the staff were very...”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Cozy stay in historical guesthouse, the house and the view towards the mountains is really beautiful. Owners are adorable, tough love, hard working people! They gave me a ride back to skhoder the next day and I got to pet their cute dog on the way...”"\n  - name: "Tra"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Beautiful house with comfy and clean bedrooms. Amazing scenery from the terrace, welcoming hosts and great breakfast & dinner. Other than most of the accommodation, this guesthouse is very close to the center but slightly remote which makes this...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kulla-pracja-theth.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering impeccable service around the clock, ensuring guests' needs are met with a 24-hour front desk. Families will find Kulla Pracja Theth particularly appealing, thanks to its dedicated children's playground and spacious family rooms, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with little ones. Additionally, the property boasts a well-maintained picnic area, perfect for those moments when guests wish to dine al fresco amidst the beauty of nature.

Accommodations at Kulla Pracja Theth are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring private bathrooms equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries. Free WiFi is accessible throughout, and select rooms enhance the stay with the addition of a balcony. For added convenience, some units include a dressing room, offering privacy and ease for guests.

Mornings at the guest house begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The property also offers barbecue facilities, inviting guests to enjoy delicious meals under the clear, blue skies.

For the adventurous at heart, Kulla Pracja Theth serves as a gateway to the great outdoors, with cycling and hiking trails nearby. Those preferring a more laid-back approach can simply unwind in the lush garden, soaking in the tranquil atmosphere.

Located 88 km from Podgorica Airport, the guest house ensures accessibility for international travelers, making it a compelling choice for those venturing into the picturesque landscapes of Theth.