---\ntitle: "Kuri Apartment"\ndescription: "Kuri Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a short 450-meter stroll from the pristine beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118341323.jpg?k=461ea92f1a565cef4c4e16fe70c246478d63174162914aad5aa4f4d463fd0486&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: kuri-apartment\naddress: "Road \"Skenderbeu 3 &Gjergj Araniti 3\" 9701 Saranda, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87123961\n  lng: 20.01724541\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 48\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118341323.jpg?k=461ea92f1a565cef4c4e16fe70c246478d63174162914aad5aa4f4d463fd0486&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135111661.jpg?k=ce47bff99e1129ca927aa3ee7f5386c5e254f2458a22c530dd3741d6f46bbaff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118332143.jpg?k=42164f619fa79795b586244c337e7530f463911c552d05c57b50846e2eb59adc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131177036.jpg?k=113eef2334f078c7d490c4cf998e1ca74835eae441d3de67d7a8b392790fe1dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/77972536.jpg?k=d79db3e3d7531a6b55fd0bf598e7d3e1a188a1a31e64822446a62fbe16e40e1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373109719.jpg?k=0dd17b866eef6414beb788a02c168c5496421e5f8f207abeb6b74306e34b79ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265542968.jpg?k=7861b739f4c29cb1b7cf51c53078bdab3e87ee19d9266aaf7445d3c7888045c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118650479.jpg?k=7235f342999e236e3bc8a7f88d8c0cf5804c7434e0367518fd765d4b7c9734c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138783369.jpg?k=d5a5bfd733b5f45332b84c93dbef925ec62aa9f54c43e30f58aad973d00f1494&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe \Enea\\"\" 150 m"\n  - "Casa Nostra 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 300 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 500 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Janet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A very warm welcome. Great view from balcony. Plenty of space for the two of us.”"\n  - name: "Lindita"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice location, friendly owners, well furniture home, beautiful seaview from balcony.”"\n  - name: "Taras"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The apartment is clean and comfortable. There are all the necessary things including kitchen stuff . It has beautiful view on the sea. The apartment owners are incredible kind people. They were waiting us till 3 AM while we were going from Tirana...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kuri-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully designed to maximize guest comfort, featuring a spacious seating area where guests can unwind. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels, perfect for those evenings in. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home to their travel experience.

For those who appreciate outdoor living spaces, Kuri Apartment does not disappoint. Select units boast either a balcony or a patio, offering stunning sea views that promise to enchant. Additionally, all guests have access to the communal terrace, providing a serene spot to enjoy the fresh air and perhaps catch a glimpse of the sunset.

Situated a mere 29 km from the vibrant Corfu Town, Kuri Apartment presents an ideal base for exploring the wider area, while offering a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle. With free WiFi throughout the property, guests can easily plan their adventures or share their experiences with loved ones back home.

Kuri Apartment stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and scenic beauty.