---\ntitle: "L&G Hotel"\ndescription: "L&G Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483327614.jpg?k=06f60cd668ad16f086c3cf986e0b156a13340eaffb51bee085844bbc33d38b07&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: l-g-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45991549\n  lng: 19.47115171\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483327614.jpg?k=06f60cd668ad16f086c3cf986e0b156a13340eaffb51bee085844bbc33d38b07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497331616.jpg?k=32b19d1cfb655e1a6b2b872e7486732f2452b803d5e2937bec1b40ce61b3b297&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487285362.jpg?k=72557825065cca7d895b62bfee20d2d1d64d28d9ff2a16828bf3c897c4ab8199&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497697517.jpg?k=084f3ef2f7b8fcf3a62608e44b681e14d3a25fe1f806ade3a19eb82c2fba0624&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485175281.jpg?k=b28b297f5d78345c7230f2187fbf32ae77659dd5f76587fb99fe656f21ba17d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484451538.jpg?k=55a1a60f8abb9bfce7853a1e4dd83adcbde6c541bc30b5bad202a462438a06ce&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 250 m"\n  - "Love Beach 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 350 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Timo"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Very friendly and laid-back owner. Quiet and pretty neighbourhood next to the beach and the beautiful pinewood forest. Large apartment with everything you need. The mountain and sea view from the balcony is wonderful. I stayed 5 nights and enjoyed...”"\n  - name: "Nina-iris"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very good value, five minutes from the beach, calm, clean and Mountain View. Friendly and welcoming staff, I hope to be back in the future.”"\n  - name: "Miwa"\n    country: "Japan"\n    text: "“I prefer to Plazh i Vjeter than lungomare.
The room is new and very clean with a kitchenette. I could use a washing machine, too.
3 minutes to the beach on foot. There are grocery stores, cafes, restaurants close by.
The host is kind. She...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/l-amp-g.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuest accommodations at L&G Hotel are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each air-conditioned room is a private retreat, offering free WiFi and en-suite bathrooms for the utmost privacy and convenience. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a seating area and a flat-screen TV in every room, ensuring guests have a space to unwind. For those desiring the comforts of home, select rooms boast a fully equipped kitchen, including a fridge, making longer stays as comfortable as possible. Complementing these amenities, the hotel ensures all rooms are impeccably dressed with fresh bed linen and towels.

Beyond the rooms, L&G Hotel extends its hospitality by offering additional services designed to enhance the guest experience. Airport transfers are smoothly arranged for ease of travel, and a bicycle rental service is available for those eager to explore the surrounding area on two wheels. The reception team is always on hand, offering insightful tips to help guests discover the local gems of Vlorë.

Located just 2.9 km from the vibrant Vlore Beach and the historic Independence Square, L&G Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the city's rich cultural landscape. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making the hotel a convenient choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a memorable stay in Vlorë.