---\ntitle: "L’Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "L'Hotel Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480808854.jpg?k=62a096df487c50c95ee4c2c689c4e66288eb9781a6a7643afd63a3a6c770ed12&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: l-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Çamëria, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3272827\n  lng: 19.8164037\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 111\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480808854.jpg?k=62a096df487c50c95ee4c2c689c4e66288eb9781a6a7643afd63a3a6c770ed12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519814581.jpg?k=3cba8c252963490fd3f36aa23f75c4619dc98d55ea31c9f7658f7a8e5d56137d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519838176.jpg?k=c4a343230fcddf4a1cfcab7d6add1126bfa7cfeb34ea07298dbf0a3bf33646d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519838531.jpg?k=9765da6bd2fe91e50f59b7bd3148bdc949cc09c649be6ca492b4d28e92219392&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519816326.jpg?k=e635d2f4ef3e1f4f2142568bbf2e0ca73e0162c41c45d7e8f195655c4c78ce91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519815524.jpg?k=3306cf1b4ce4d4b52bac29f8839fbfb46e20c34bc7dd299e82dc61fe0529ec12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519838120.jpg?k=242cf7a6bf7e9a886c8d411f7338a0559ed3a1eb275def4155ed558da0485591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519839444.jpg?k=7439b42df5829c48d1b49afc901a2353d9c2b63229eee037171075cea2c7604e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519840347.jpg?k=f621c62be13d566798ed9d9aa1374fc969784d778f5c9ab3ec2193d1f43b1409&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Banka 40 m"\n  - "Ideal 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Besart"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very clean. Great location. Quiet place and still very close to the center. Comfortable and large bed.”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great location, 2 blocks away from the main square. The room was almost new and very comfortable, just like in the pictures. The reception is not open 24/7 but the staff is available via Whatsapp, they were able to help us fast when needed.”"\n  - name: "Gael"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Nice place in the heart of the center, very clean,very nice”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-tirane5.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on providing air-conditioned accommodations, each boasting a private bathroom and complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and comfortable throughout their visit. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the quality of stay for all guests.

Accommodations at L'Hotel Tirana are thoughtfully furnished, featuring flat-screen TVs for entertainment and safety deposit boxes for peace of mind. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and plush towels, underscoring the hotel's dedication to guest comfort.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and culture, L'Hotel Tirana serves as an ideal base. The property is conveniently located near several of the city's most notable attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the lush expanses of Rinia Park. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, makes arrivals and departures a breeze for international travelers.

In summary, L'Hotel Tirana stands out as a top-tier choice for guests who value both the cultural immersion of Tirana's bustling city life and the tranquil retreat offered by this esteemed hotel.