---\ntitle: "La Bohème Hotel"\ndescription: "La Bohème Hotel emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana's vibrant Blloku neighbourhood, offering guests an exceptional blend of comfort, style, and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/318955629.jpg?k=632ced06e2a13cb7457305f31edca8949065906722ee16a0ffd73b05565d0591&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-boh-me-hotel\naddress: "Rruga \"Abdyl Frasheri\" Vesa Center 10-th Floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31914009\n  lng: 19.81709361\nprice: "US$106"\npriceFrom: 106\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 829\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/318955629.jpg?k=632ced06e2a13cb7457305f31edca8949065906722ee16a0ffd73b05565d0591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271713438.jpg?k=bba03010b6083bd7987082d1fef52dc05af26c8ea73a7d6fc5c7bcfe4fcc5c56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/271713766.jpg?k=01dc8ae3c2059a300724672995ae70a28689494d742a360135b1558ce94958a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478872597.jpg?k=a1afbde1fb62b44cc44bc2419241c5c40425621c619fb4a0433278505ae6dd14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105862637.jpg?k=ca17c4145ec92e4acdb6a139183a9bdbe8c01967a8fdd40f8003930f6ed3a344&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179119072.jpg?k=a423487fb20d16db5e442f64054f9186b03379df3fd4bcd0711306c07c11269f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "King Studio with Sofa Bed"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kok aPulë 10 m"\n  - "La Boheme Roof Garden 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sonila"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location was great as the property was near the city centre, “blloku”, and the bus stop was at its doorstep.
There were many breakfast options to choose from which kept the family happy.
Staff were super helpful.”"\n  - name: "Hajdari"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Amazing location, amazing service, extremely clean and polite people! A must during your stay in Tirana! Also wonderful views & breakfast!”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“staff is very kind, breakfast is really good, with a lot of (homemade) choices, they have a nice terrace, rooms are generally comfortable. The sauna is also really comfortable and not too expensive (you can hire it for half an hour or hour).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/la-boha-me-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel's accommodations are a testament to contemporary elegance, featuring modern furnishings complemented by high-quality linens, ensuring a restful night's sleep. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen cable TV, a safe, and a minibar, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which are outfitted with showers, hairdryers, slippers, and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the guest experience.

La Bohème Hotel doesn't stop at providing comfortable lodging; it invites guests to rejuvenate at its on-site spa and wellness center or maintain their fitness routines in the Technogym-equipped gym area, both accessible without additional charges. The hotel's commitment to service is evident in its 24-hour front desk, ready to assist guests at any time, enhancing the overall stay with a sense of security and convenience.

Dining at the hotel's a la carte restaurant offers a culinary journey, with dishes prepared to satisfy discerning palates. The location in Blloku, known for its dynamic nightlife, popular bars, clubs, and a variety of restaurants, places guests at the center of Tirana's entertainment scene. Moreover, the proximity to significant landmarks such as the Art Academy, the University of Tirana, and the Presidential Palace, all within a 300-metre radius, makes La Bohème Hotel an ideal base for exploring the city's cultural highlights.

For those looking to delve deeper into Tirana's attractions, the hotel's front desk can arrange excursions and guided tours, ensuring guests have an enriching experience. The convenience extends to transportation, with free parking in the underground garage, a bus station just 200 metres away, and the option for an airport shuttle service to Tirana Airport, located 19 km from the hotel.

La Bohème Hotel stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of luxury, comfort, and accessibility in the heart of Tirana's most lively district.