---\ntitle: "La Casita"\ndescription: "La Casita emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399313223.jpg?k=8b61fb31908eadec27253b6e9895ffd556c3b2d6549cab3038fe79cdb657ac1e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-casita\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33659731\n  lng: 19.80451269\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399313223.jpg?k=8b61fb31908eadec27253b6e9895ffd556c3b2d6549cab3038fe79cdb657ac1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399302795.jpg?k=6a33890f85f72a9ea52260fc2538a2cc6d23c80df234098618e50627e216e4d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399313175.jpg?k=579af86b04c564d846f0704b78a33260260f9ed32b191a150f35760b74567228&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399314395.jpg?k=85552b9e571d13664582a1e19a0793968ef6ec52db7c8aff33a9baff1b651214&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399312958.jpg?k=db6e4d3e5d017e65e3ff164491bfcd88d85562a9ff4f7509d0981e37bff26d64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361164394.jpg?k=f73268487792d456e2452ea4fd1d705a07e3124e252c54bc283bbfaec7c79709&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399302986.jpg?k=0cb29a256b1b65b7fa4e23018c2fa9e154e4d0532b639dca5cec5162e48eb3ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399313187.jpg?k=9c84e0df68d43e1b4df028be5be33d41770783c38df2ca3b48155f0df303035f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527182552.jpg?k=048012f5a5294056a805a560672a310bc54cbd71bd16f0240a921255c1e9802d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Don Bosko 10 m"\n  - "Bar Pastiçeri 2000 V 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ditt"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I stayed there two times during my time in Albania and everything was perfect! Gizëm is a really warm-hearted guy and helped me with all my questions and even picked me up when I arrived in Tirana. The flat was clean, it got everything it needed...”"\n  - name: "Zoe"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great accommodation in Tirana!
The apartment was really lovely. We especially loved the location, and that there was a washing machine. The owner was kind and picked us up from the bus station! Thank you”"\n  - name: "Leticia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had an amazing time at La casita! The apartment was clean and organized, and the bed was super comfortable 🤩 It is close from markets, pharmacies, restaurants, and the street has a lot of tends selling fruits, which was nice! Gazin was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/la-casita.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at La Casita are treated to modern amenities in a smoke-free environment. The apartment boasts a spacious bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a washing machine for longer stays, and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave, making it ideal for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. Moreover, the inclusion of free WiFi ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work.

The charm of La Casita is further enhanced by its picturesque city views, offering a glimpse into the vibrant life of Tirana. Its location is unbeatably convenient, with easy access to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it a perfect base for cultural exploration.

For travelers flying into Tirana, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from air to comfort. La Casita stands out as a top recommendation for those looking to immerse themselves in the culture and convenience of Tirana.