---\ntitle: "La Grand - New Bazaar"\ndescription: "La Grand - New Bazaar emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297465.jpg?k=28cace4aa4ecc1c6e0918fc298e153c638e181b13c9fc37e754e0db097ce3ec9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-grand-new-bazaar\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsim, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32990439\n  lng: 19.82609414\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 135\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297465.jpg?k=28cace4aa4ecc1c6e0918fc298e153c638e181b13c9fc37e754e0db097ce3ec9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297234.jpg?k=5e976cf2d107be4cf1d39b217a25c0a546bbeb7e1deba527cab9f07de3f6469f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458973159.jpg?k=d051b340d8c921e65c10168777b040b916ebd7d7e9df48ac62850e0c185a46c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297477.jpg?k=9ad169726eb8d9917b14ffb456309069a5198f33e65b9ffe7ec14aa1366092b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458973167.jpg?k=c925313c51a0643cc04fa4c27963c265e9522a2ced420d9176764afa6550da66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297435.jpg?k=4835965d36d25ae35ca49ceea562cde3c95c3202c811a9f929a87a8af2914b34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297458.jpg?k=219eaec0f7649b65a806ec89a7239d1388a19d971e5282fea00945f3f44e3140&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407297341.jpg?k=f033bb311545b1183fe0788be253e12879703d467fe9b9f122a7273d00ff9b89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523626905.jpg?k=627a025c47e634a38d70bb3c3c558fc8ec4df5f6af674af8126022cd20389490&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milky Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Zavalani Snack Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Blerina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good location, facilities and really clean and nice apartment.”"\n  - name: "Yousef"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice stay, the location was relay central, everything was 3 to 4 min walk away. I really loved, it is realy nice and cozy.”"\n  - name: "Happiness"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“In love how smart the apartment is. You don’t need bunch of keys, all you need is the key code given to you by the host. The host is very communicative, always ready to help in case of any issues.
Also it is right at the centre of the city, which...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/la-grand.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at La Grand - New Bazaar are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts around-the-clock security and an ATM for added convenience, ensuring a worry-free experience. Complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises allows visitors to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana.

The apartments at La Grand - New Bazaar are meticulously designed to provide a homely yet luxurious atmosphere. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for those moments of relaxation. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, and private bathroom with essential amenities like a hair dryer and shower adds to the comfort of guests. Moreover, the provision of an oven, fridge, and coffee machine caters to the culinary needs of visitors, allowing them to prepare meals at their leisure. To ensure a restful night's sleep, each apartment is furnished with soft bed linen and towels.

For those keen on exploring, La Grand - New Bazaar is conveniently located near several of Tirana's attractions, including the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, further enhances its appeal to both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, La Grand - New Bazaar offers a compelling mix of location, comfort, and amenities, making it a top consideration for anyone planning a visit to Tirana.