---\ntitle: "La Mirage Suites & Apartments"\ndescription: "La Mirage Suites & Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512064659.jpg?k=d214c64e97f4c6dd8e3b23da4456cf87215a046067ca1577c277aa4c149a42c2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-mirage-suites-apartments\naddress: "Sheshi Willson, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31865836\n  lng: 19.81427517\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 107\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512064659.jpg?k=d214c64e97f4c6dd8e3b23da4456cf87215a046067ca1577c277aa4c149a42c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515316610.jpg?k=a9879dceb4c52207e34028318d1d558047d5170a351166fba90580ff00a4f55e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515316594.jpg?k=0a244f2732548ef882b9f5be7ccdfb27000685073055e0753648650d19c420d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515316597.jpg?k=0928a2b2445b4e8b5f26035857c8f3a607c90a19d2d3eca43229f48297a7ed5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515316604.jpg?k=95658c313c45d64b5a66df93c0d99f6bb89aec505167a1ce74c83fa496e96e5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515316608.jpg?k=8258e1357123b1c955a6f8ad7f68fef8ab429a25eada2afc6d7794952cbc4331&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (110 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Queen Room with Spa Bath"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kotec 20 m"\n  - "Cinnabon 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Amazing stay. Very clean and modern suite. The host provide a lot of help and was very responsive
In the center of everything.”"\n  - name: "Allister"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location for exploring the city. Great choice of restaurants and coffee bars in close proximity. Host was very helpful and easy to communicate with.”"\n  - name: "Valentin"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We liked the bed, the mattress.
We slept very very well.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/la-mirage-apartament-01-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at La Mirage Suites & Apartments are treated to well-appointed accommodations that feature air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those nights in. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle, adds a touch of home, while the dining area offers the perfect setting for a meal with loved ones. Safety is prioritized with the provision of a deposit box, and the private bathroom does not disappoint, boasting a walk-in shower, plush bathrobes, and a hairdryer. For added convenience, each unit is stocked with fresh bed linen and towels.

The presence of a minimarket on-site underscores the property’s commitment to ensuring guests have everything they need right at their fingertips. Moreover, La Mirage Suites & Apartments serves as an ideal base for exploring the city’s rich history and culture, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Pyramid of Tirana all within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, La Mirage Suites & Apartments offers a harmonious blend of historical charm and modern living, making it a compelling choice for families and solo travelers alike.