---\ntitle: "La Suite Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "La Suite Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390810.jpg?k=1419e47d8db81ce6a558b0353eb90102a3af5a030d3d44fc387d57b5abceaeef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-suite-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Jul Variboba 2/20, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32323968\n  lng: 19.82436523\nprice: "US$94"\npriceFrom: 94\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 608\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390810.jpg?k=1419e47d8db81ce6a558b0353eb90102a3af5a030d3d44fc387d57b5abceaeef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390541.jpg?k=d076a4ecb20b64f3f37c3aa1785caa596740e64a0f5a2f927f8f06d60945a31a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390455.jpg?k=05d7a78cdc7c599301135f75c082af89f5c15722c2b65ee6ae6f55f926350fb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216391014.jpg?k=935b65ef76972ce0faae46918181833f79fdadbd4badeb1109299409415e25fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390691.jpg?k=6c3252f0760a64dcb126d10930f3e0ee172265abc113d5aab4e6d9da7fced42b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216390452.jpg?k=73e470765c4ce92e4165cb8467f7517fe346ca02a26609cbea0d52f760ad778f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216386955.jpg?k=db9b3e8babd84d5721f4f7735f766bdc249bcb276adbbef33420b141a4c868a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216391214.jpg?k=d5416c422a167ffc9ce01bf39261d0f5bd1a225dbd9776ea3847be66499d4ebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216391000.jpg?k=83f5bf2211cf934679c5ca690e2cdfa50f5e7340c57e8134b622d9469f7b7594&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "E Për7shme 5 m"\n  - "Berlin by Kosherja 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cristiona"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fabulous design features. Staff are so friendly and helpful.
Central location.
Airport taxi service.
Super king size bed. Jacuzzi bath in room.”"\n  - name: "Alister"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Nice rooms, comfy beds. Restaurant / breakfast good quality. Excellent location and service. Surrounded by bars and restaurants and minutes from the shops and attractions of the centre. Every member of staff from reception to chef was friendly,...”"\n  - name: "Endi"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The room is perfect, everything you need is in there. The staff is great & helped us order food at 4am. The room is wonderful!! And the stuff is great!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/la-suite-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at La Suite Boutique Hotel are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their visit. The establishment boasts a restaurant that caters to diverse palates, offering both continental and à la carte breakfast options. For those who require assistance at any hour, the 24-hour front desk and room service ensure needs are met promptly, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the property. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, the hotel also positions itself a short 5 km journey from the Dajti Express, adding to its appeal for adventure seekers.

The accommodations at La Suite Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully appointed. Each room features essential furnishings such as a wardrobe and a desk, alongside modern comforts including a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom. For relaxation, guests have the option to unwind in the hotel's hot tub, adding an extra layer of luxury to their stay.

Strategically situated, the hotel is in close proximity to several of Tirana's notable attractions. The Sky Tower, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and National Arts Gallery are all within easy reach, making it an ideal base for exploring the cultural highlights of the city. Additionally, for those traveling to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel's location 19 km away offers a convenient connection.

La Suite Boutique Hotel stands out as a premier destination for visitors to Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and access to the city's rich tapestry of attractions.