---\ntitle: "La Voglia Hotel Boutique"\ndescription: "La Voglia Hotel Boutique stands as a beacon of modern luxury and convenience in the heart of Tirana, just a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286800064.jpg?k=66717e045d8f4401de2fffac94e9eb3ef94b36ff6ae38e46001691a9f3521d9f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: la-voglia-hotel-boutique\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3245951\n  lng: 19.81639264\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 523\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286800064.jpg?k=66717e045d8f4401de2fffac94e9eb3ef94b36ff6ae38e46001691a9f3521d9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286809904.jpg?k=a21ccd60fbc4ad6050d8040e430ca1d34a12ad7d807039068a0b6c6c530bb118&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287976107.jpg?k=cc370fd0f643059f9fce24ec88ade96481c5466cb84309f27d2cb4f4d7c50a37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/136725755.jpg?k=d60cd251734e20f9204c97d416d569020cb476ce74aa976e293604bc1ccd86d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286800141.jpg?k=d0879fb27b2039f0f245ba2fa590e6ab0701b76b1c2273fdf917faad93f81aee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298792892.jpg?k=5a66ad129905898c733cd3e619b4a5f98dba48a860f61f0aa424c886672fff46&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Single Room with Double use"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Snack It! Tirana 9 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ian"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great central location close to main square and restaurants.
Incredibly helpful hotel manager - would return”"\n  - name: "Eric"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very central, all the modern comfort, massive bathroom, availability of the staff, loads of convience shops, cafés and restaurant around, all Tirana is within a few minutes walk”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Receptionist was very kind and professional, room was spacious,warm and clean, location is very central but the hotel is bit difficult to find, but just go around the building and suddenly you will find it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lavoglia-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel doesn't just stop at providing a place to stay; it immerses its guests in a vibrant array of amenities including a chic restaurant, a welcoming bar, and complimentary high-speed WiFi. For those seeking leisure within its walls, La Voglia boasts a shared lounge and an exclusive casino, promising entertainment at any hour. The presence of a 24-hour front desk, attentive room service, and convenient currency exchange service further exemplifies the hotel's dedication to guest satisfaction.

Accommodations at La Voglia are a perfect blend of modernity and comfort, featuring contemporary colorful decor that breathes life into each room. Guests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary private parking, a rare find in the bustling city of Tirana. Each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a microwave, a coffee machine, and even a bidet, ensuring that every need is met. The thoughtful inclusion of a hairdryer and a desk adds to the convenience, making each stay as comfortable as it is memorable.

Mornings at La Voglia begin with a delightful buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those eager to explore Tirana on two wheels, the hotel offers car hire services, opening up a world of cycling adventures in the surrounding area.

La Voglia Hotel Boutique is ideally located for guests wishing to explore Tirana's cultural landmarks, with Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana all within easy reach. For travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa, located just 14 km away, ensures a seamless travel experience.

In summary, La Voglia Hotel Boutique emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern luxury, convenience, and a prime location in the vibrant city of Tirana.