---\ntitle: "Ladi Rooms"\ndescription: "Ladi Rooms emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386332028.jpg?k=cc19bddc9595a81a9924cc64501423b74811557a70154013b9604db59348d0ec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ladi-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Studenti Bar Studenti, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.329358\n  lng: 19.800327\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 429\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386332028.jpg?k=cc19bddc9595a81a9924cc64501423b74811557a70154013b9604db59348d0ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391229139.jpg?k=a4d365d188b3db049448ad5192b6621e561d44b90d573da89b84cb93f29a4f5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391229186.jpg?k=e6eba2b6ff8ca93bddaceba828235b7f1e25cd27f48124102c456bab2817628c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403213754.jpg?k=e5e07cf63e539e55c163f847329d062fb336a01157ca66a18d71657cfd92f7c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391229107.jpg?k=362ed8e738d7d70753ca7913026e1eeb33a41140be09c61c7f038c27b6ec684c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403213713.jpg?k=1f6ae8cea352036b72b8c9a8ffa175d935db38077bd190ebddb95ec2359d87ff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "King Room with Garden View"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Studenti 10 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Vatra 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luandias"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“The team is really professional even though is familiar. The rooms are really new, comfortable and clean. The breakfast is really good.”"\n  - name: "Sorin-alexandru"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It is located well in the town of Tirana. Many bars, with plenty of students around, if you are interested in socialising and meeting new people.”"\n  - name: "Tania"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host was very nice. Good location. Nice breakfast. Very clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ladi-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Ladi Rooms are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts essential amenities such as a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with modern convenience. The presence of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of home. Select rooms further enhance the experience with the inclusion of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. A fridge in every unit provides an added convenience, catering to the needs of guests.

Situated strategically, Ladi Rooms offers easy access to notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 6.6 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 2.5 km from the hotel. For those traveling by air, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, merely 12 km away, makes arrivals and departures a breeze.

Ladi Rooms stands out as a prime accommodation choice, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana.