---\ntitle: "LAIOLA APARTMENT"\ndescription: "LAIOLA APARTMENT emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366468825.jpg?k=3b07fb7f605c3f34ea08bf5246313cd6feabc4fa5ad996c77eee5f6fea0c7b60&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: laiola-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri Ndertesa nr 12 Perballe Drejtorise se policise Kati i dyte., 1004 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32382337\n  lng: 19.81264549\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366468825.jpg?k=3b07fb7f605c3f34ea08bf5246313cd6feabc4fa5ad996c77eee5f6fea0c7b60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431044955.jpg?k=9edd28fda9a613cc645ddad6e55323ab806639bae57d7b52a75034b2d321ba18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366469071.jpg?k=057fba4cd7d02db0db4cb6965afe84cf7cf7134f5c07565a65b47e208f884413&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366469070.jpg?k=c0428161e3295663008d0d46019b8115e27e3217f425e41c5b306a27546b7d6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370829250.jpg?k=a3d95dad96c1b2635d37818072b3a4650da1898ceecec1ec7a87ad0f56111c79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410913441.jpg?k=96b880cbcaeec4cd882938eced383b460e9dab61172fb1ecc945dc8746685b12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366469076.jpg?k=e6c0299d827ea744a82f7225b2e465b74ca70d6a8473ec78ec0e1d9ea492a37c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366469074.jpg?k=537c9a81ea10e65bf0c9820e736cf4a6cb1ebb889b876b5b3bb3ee246afd4444&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387892940.jpg?k=ae034eccfcdab9907f5cb9040e71bdd211e5eaaa61a275cd2696e88b12a18dda&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tsk -Ministria Drejtësisë- 9 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orjada"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Simply put, this apartment was a delightful haven. Would definitely recommend! 😉 10/10 stars!”"\n  - name: "Grega"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The appartment was very nice and newly equiped. It was also in a nice building and the surrounding felt safe.”"\n  - name: "Kenneth"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The location, modern, nice deco, nice neighborhood.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/laiola-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a well-equipped kitchenette with a microwave and toaster, a comfortable seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a hot tub in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury, ensuring a relaxing stay. Moreover, the apartment boasts soundproofing, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life. Emphasizing health and comfort, the accommodation is both allergy-free and non-smoking.

For those looking to explore the city, LAIOLA APARTMENT is conveniently located near popular attractions such as Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the artistic installation Reja - The Cloud. The property facilitates adventure and exploration by offering bicycle rental services, allowing guests to navigate the city at their own pace.

Additional amenities such as 24-hour front desk support, airport transfers, and full-day security, coupled with complimentary WiFi, ensure a seamless and worry-free experience for guests. With its strategic location, comprehensive facilities, and commitment to guest comfort, LAIOLA APARTMENT stands out as an exceptional choice for travelers visiting Tirana. Whether for leisure or exploration, this apartment promises an unforgettable stay in one of Albania's most vibrant cities.