---\ntitle: "Lake Shkodra Resort"\ndescription: "Discover the serene beauty of Lake Shkodra Resort, a hidden gem located just a stone's throw from Shkoder's bustling city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159056570.jpg?k=cbd1de69f5ddb7d1ae7964118399d02330bd882d09a28e900f7ebae151e3adfb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lake-shkodra-resort\naddress: "Rruga E Liqenit, Grile / Omaraj, 4001 Grilë, Albania"\ncity: "Grilë"\nlocation: "Grilë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.13877747\n  lng: 19.46674347\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 315\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159056570.jpg?k=cbd1de69f5ddb7d1ae7964118399d02330bd882d09a28e900f7ebae151e3adfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385483759.jpg?k=a6ee10479e8844e1317d64a0ca2afe763c4d111472303329439d2021a30a9ebc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/35580791.jpg?k=d774b7db7b12e26b270c22c1a5ee98c188abe6ba1b770bae8507693b33da523e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385489225.jpg?k=c9104ba33113e08918a3aa0292cd3e9d65166e33a38659bc81e1637131724b6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385484786.jpg?k=1a457acfd7213478870f0e8a2d5749a343b4fdcbf99f38230a3449ac5f551f3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385485512.jpg?k=07fc9248a1ea0663e8509b61e2656c81598941742379608ff44938e0c1612160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385483000.jpg?k=5ac09e9ef11fbfc2483597e0f226dd9eb4f268f26aff031deb1305dc3f03d7e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482844181.jpg?k=f50ce8f2604f652d3f47f293095996118490d4c2d8f2366e882520e28202ec17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158722569.jpg?k=fb01b71e31dcc0725cd67394a08b5c676dddcd25430093f47dbfda91d08af85a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Lepeja 1.4 km"\n  - "Oda Steakhouse 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 4.9 km"\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 29 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 67 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sahar"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Beautiful property, nice clean room, nice lake access.”"\n  - name: "Elen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The food - we had a few dishes and it was all very good and reasonable. Plenty of hammocks, including back by our bungalow.Very idyllic setting, and very relaxing. You can jump right in the lake from the main chilling area with the parasols and...”"\n  - name: "Moira"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“We absolutely loved it here. When we arrived we immediately booked for another night. The lake is gorgeous, the staff is super friendly and the rooms are super comfortable and clean. Besides the hotel, there are a lot of campers, making it a more...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lake-shkodra-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe resort's charming chalets are a highlight, boasting air conditioning for those warm summer days, a fully equipped kitchen for home-cooked meals, and a dining area perfect for family gatherings. Each chalet comes with a private bathroom, ensuring comfort and privacy. What's more, guests can wake up to breathtaking views of the lake or mountains right from their terrace, providing an idyllic start to the day.

Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the on-site restaurant, where the flavors of Albania meet international cuisine, offering something for every palate. Beyond dining, Lake Shkodra Resort caters to both leisure and activity seekers with its ping-pong table, badminton courts, and a playground that promises fun for the little ones.

For those looking to explore beyond the resort, local buses conveniently stop just 900 meters away, providing easy access to the heart of Shkoder. Moreover, the resort's proximity to Tirana and Podgorica airports, as well as the Montenegro border, makes it an ideal base for travelers seeking to explore the wider region.

In summary, Lake Shkodra Resort stands out as a versatile destination that combines the comfort of modern amenities with the enchanting beauty of nature, making it a perfect escape for families, couples, and solo travelers alike.