---\ntitle: "Lakeside Serenity - DESARET"\ndescription: "Lakeside Serenity - DESARET emerges as a prime beachfront haven located in the picturesque town of Pogradec, offering guests a tranquil escape with the convenience of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468489770.jpg?k=321bdfe16932b44a34bcca4093917e235b45fc28e8d6225be8fd957ebb567b51&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lakeside-serenity-desaret\naddress: "Rruga Vilave, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90043497\n  lng: 20.67313624\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468489770.jpg?k=321bdfe16932b44a34bcca4093917e235b45fc28e8d6225be8fd957ebb567b51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478926188.jpg?k=5a556ca386110e40cbf88dc3717c05c57e5a051c83bd11e2ee5f827be647f6e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468301493.jpg?k=42eebc2c32206145e4969c0b8effb8f6c0cb41b50f402f2238e2bb54592342cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468300777.jpg?k=69494bcfd2fae13969d4980d6198f27a96f9c8199b63062523001802a1d2e248&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468306274.jpg?k=c31ce785132f5e29868af06f85a7367deecd511628905c311bf2177e48d7c985&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489922590.jpg?k=1ebc42c38e78f37eb514ccbd56e08104d068462944b4fceb6c01bd186c79fd48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468301227.jpg?k=82735c9c0cdd0eb6ad09868a8b04252bf61939eaf2d61cf318f866ad81926818&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465829932.jpg?k=dbdd5bd475fa4b31de365fdabe521b5526d806cc9c4bf425a5f3f5a5620eb16e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468301113.jpg?k=15643d6a7676245e459936eddafc6cab9e41325d4f4bea4d6a52b499ea870d89&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Ani 30 m"\n  - "Waterland Divjaka 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 400 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 13 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sherry"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great location, comfy suite and owner very accommodating. They cleaned our suite after two nights, which was great!”"\n  - name: "Memedi"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The hosts are kind and professional, and very helpful. They were always there to respond and provide information with a description in excellent English, and links about whereabouts in the town. I will certainly plan to come back to Pogradec, and...”"\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Owner brother made a check-in after 22 and was helpful. Flat is new. Bathroom shines and is roomy. Towels were 2 for one person. We could dry clothes on drying line outside of window. It is near main costal street but not on it. Not noisy....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lakeside-serenity-desaret.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting a well-equipped kitchen complete with an oven and toaster, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a bathroom fitted with a bath adds a touch of luxury, ensuring guests can unwind in style. While the apartment is a non-smoking zone, it doesn't skimp on the comforts, offering the option to have towels and linens provided for a small supplement. A delightful bonus comes in the form of complimentary fruits, adding a personal touch to the welcoming atmosphere.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of complimentary on-site parking coupled with free WiFi access throughout the property ensures that both digital and physical connectivity is seamless. Situated 38 km from the Early Christian Basilica, Port Ohrid, and the Church of St. John at Kaneo, Lakeside Serenity - DESARET serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich heritage and natural beauty of the region. The nearest airport, Ohrid Airport, is located 44 km away, making the property readily accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

Lakeside Serenity - DESARET offers a unique blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of luxury, making it a highly recommended stay for those seeking to explore the beauty of Pogradec and its surroundings.