---\ntitle: "Lake Escape - Home 2"\ndescription: "Lake Escape - Home 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435501317.jpg?k=c800fcef946681c5b4b6a64a33897e50dbfd78f936176b19c807b986f15681c8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lake-escape-home-2\naddress: "Rruga Ndreko Rino, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31486399\n  lng: 19.81320966\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435501317.jpg?k=c800fcef946681c5b4b6a64a33897e50dbfd78f936176b19c807b986f15681c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435502184.jpg?k=d390063a28b6b51fabcf087055deae504133a2e453e90199e0d13be6067d3b26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402165230.jpg?k=eace8b1b880115671fa1cdf789b7459daec4942fec57f80a43929bc4143652ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435501418.jpg?k=a7b3d5c41568a278773bc7292b75ac122bceb4e88ad89d1ab2bc3aca7ccf3e42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435501708.jpg?k=6fd56a577527a0aa343228f351a2eeaed18fddcd360d4cc4cacd4993ee9dc721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473808777.jpg?k=18c96b333ade863cfd6c85083ed0cebad2a1a157cad75e7437258711f5c76947&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473470064.jpg?k=11dac46a0a7f78b506de466fcdfdedcca46ee44402c032163d780b4bc606759f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402165345.jpg?k=2e73172bc470e01dbcd41fc600fdcc61b88d12daf8950199daeecdba5a476a5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435501650.jpg?k=32aed4974d7c2bf979d31cead550dfbb839f24f4955895fa4bfbae6f400284ba&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fraterie 50 m"\n  - "Confusion 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joanne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Large apartment with everything needed for a self contained stay. Parking onsite and a washing machine are bonuses. Very close to the lake, many cafes and supermarkets below the building and a short walk to the centre. A great option in Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Leslie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The flat was very clean and comfortable. Well appointed with all necessities. Excellent location. I am a frequent visitor in Tirana and would like to return to this accommodation.”"\n  - name: "Inan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“It is a large apartment, and it is quite comfortable and cozy, modern. There is also free indoor parking.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-apartment-near-artificial-lake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nLocated merely 2 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, Lake Escape - Home 2 positions itself as an ideal base for exploring the city. The apartment itself is a spacious haven featuring one bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV offering cable channels, and a fully stocked kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. For added convenience, a washing machine is also available, alongside a bathroom equipped with a bidet. Guests will find the inclusion of towels and bed linen in the apartment a thoughtful touch.

For quick grocery runs or essentials, the property hosts a minimarket, adding to the ease of your stay. Those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and cultural landmarks will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the lush expanses of the Grand Park of Tirana, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located just 16 km away, making Lake Escape - Home 2 a convenient and accessible choice for both short and extended stays in the heart of Tirana.