---\ntitle: "Laku Apartment - At The Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Laku Apartment - At The Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323113.jpg?k=60398679f7440b1711bd4f7afa2ff11ff0e186883783938d29a1af6d23c12756&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: laku-apartment-at-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frasheri, Pall. 20/1, Shk. 1, Ap. 11,, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32032383\n  lng: 19.81348624\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323113.jpg?k=60398679f7440b1711bd4f7afa2ff11ff0e186883783938d29a1af6d23c12756&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323108.jpg?k=d1019a16a31a69f0930446aced66ead74776c78e968357c3247e8af89df3b302&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217485185.jpg?k=7b1ef17885a3f7d9ec1139e213024f9dd601371e630a6488f54a2b6149825ddc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323106.jpg?k=854a4017364cbd5c6f4cec186e68c595698c72a6aaef1ec9d05053243bb65c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449272704.jpg?k=e4a0a42f93acf9e4c7fac22426fa544431dc171f81922bff05fcc9acdf2abc11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323115.jpg?k=152ccc6094b41e25229e99982e5a8ec23e05e9ba91c715902f8a489167dcfc80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323114.jpg?k=65238cd75585bb6cacb49949c735e077a5dbdd3a1fa5279b8c8d8c8d0d55c26e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449273080.jpg?k=265841b051ab75b72b1aad56727e7acbea125aa94fc52f1077f5cf8f664bed9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323107.jpg?k=35b09d4a2998fd4d6b5fe29a4b5e24ae67d6e95a0cc4999ab352abc6d7a7ab23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323110.jpg?k=cace775a572c50ebc5341e1435d546b92aeefe5eccb0a5fd1be53b2721ebf142&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323112.jpg?k=3eeee4afbf46e76411952143e5474525decc671843917c980d250759d614b16c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348323111.jpg?k=5ea9744aee6fecdf0afbed04f1bcdd3f9a10d5e9d587a1454f68559e4a56febf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hayall Et 40 m"\n  - "Sakura Sushi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Perfect location. Big apartment. All things you need. Nice with balcony. Good with two toilets.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice Apartment in the center of Tirana. The owner was very friendly and was always available for questions .”"\n  - name: "Jerry"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice appartment at convenient location in the city center. Around the corner are lots of bars and restaurants. The appartment is very clean and in a quiet building. The host is very friendly and helpful and communicates clearly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/laku-apartment-at-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV, alongside an equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. The inclusion of two bathrooms with walk-in showers adds to the convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay for families or groups. A unique touch is the private entrance, which welcomes guests with delightful chocolates or cookies, setting the tone for a memorable stay in a non-smoking and soundproof environment.

For those who need their morning coffee or need to pick up some essentials, the property features a coffee shop and a minimarket, adding an extra layer of ease to the guest experience. Moreover, Laku Apartment is not just about the indoor comfort; it positions guests perfectly to dive into the local culture and activities. Cycling enthusiasts will find the surrounding area of Tirana ripe for adventure.

Strategically located, the apartment is a stone's throw away from some of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated just 16 km away, making Laku Apartment an accessible haven for both international and domestic travelers.

In essence, Laku Apartment - At The Heart of Tirana stands out as an exemplary choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's lively atmosphere while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed, welcoming space.