---\ntitle: "Lana Riverside Apartment"\ndescription: "Lana Riverside Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local history in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525085869.jpg?k=ee1f0fbd834b5a29511411b78ca1e573d8f2290d23b4f98372c96fd21b5c40ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lana-riverside-apartment\naddress: "26 Bulevardi Gjergj Fishta Apt 18, 5 and 6th flor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3225963\n  lng: 19.8097705\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525085869.jpg?k=ee1f0fbd834b5a29511411b78ca1e573d8f2290d23b4f98372c96fd21b5c40ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524710734.jpg?k=4712e86e90ccecd1c43514f6df226221223102a517c12e5260e5f68353b8729e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521118452.jpg?k=cf5d981852df5f5bb1a0db374e66519e583d1fbcba741d96e01aa0370aa7d6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524711114.jpg?k=ee8627759fe2fd910c4ce4541f3f3830dffa354c187af726b0897e6b0d35a829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524709953.jpg?k=3d5300161527b6c8ce8e13900a173e8ac1964f580947fef4022824f40482861b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521119619.jpg?k=d0727758fb0bcc3634a74a271bab463886d5aeb0db524e71d92040df92a5ff77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524710601.jpg?k=c32c6a19aa0d4f734921f59fc799fd350a75d96142e452d9f918fd00a6e01bd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521118610.jpg?k=34020dd093fee48a13fefbc0b967ff94f9b06a4d671cf89e0cf17933fa5ad017&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524711228.jpg?k=dea147be5e3414037112b45051b10de5830a3d84ea55e724af6ea8beeffe280d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant E88 50 m"\n  - "Thejollytaxpayer 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patrick"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Apartment was superb and location is so central. Our host Pandi was so helpful. From arranging car hire, meeting us on arrival, advising on the best restaurants/attractions and engaging with us throughout our stay he made our week in Tirana...”"\n  - name: "Luca"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Die Wohnung ist zentral und sehr schön eingerichtet. Man fühlt sich zuhause. Pandi ist ein toller Gastgeber und sein Deutsch hat mich beeindruckt.”"\n  - name: "Ripalta"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L’appartamento è dotato di ogni comfort, Pandi, l’host, è molto attento, puntuale e disponibile per qualsiasi necessità. Abbiamo trovato tutto ciò di cui avevamo bisogno già in casa, la posizione è perfetta, intorno è pieno di servizi di ogni tipo!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/duplex-at-lana-riverside.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven, situated just 1.3 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, offers guests the luxury of complimentary WiFi and private parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The apartment stands out for its commitment to a smoke-free environment and boasts proximity to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 6.4 km away, offering adventurous guests an opportunity to experience Tirana from a different perspective.

Guests are welcomed into a spacious sanctuary that features a balcony with captivating city views. The apartment includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bath or shower, adds to the convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay for families or groups. The added benefits of a private entrance and soundproofing guarantee privacy and tranquility amidst the city's hustle and bustle.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is readily available, providing the freedom to discover Tirana's hidden gems. The apartment's location near notable attractions such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument further enhances its appeal to culture enthusiasts and history buffs alike.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Lana Riverside Apartment also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition from air to comfort. This property not only serves as a gateway to the city's historical and cultural landmarks but also as a retreat offering peace, privacy, and unparalleled convenience.