---\ntitle: "Lani luxury apartaments"\ndescription: "Lani Luxury Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Qeparo."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464810147.jpg?k=cd7296ecf6a76b2d86cb213df0577a5d04ca07427e3a6a7e7fe69979a8a4f573&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lani-luxury-apartaments\naddress: "Qeparo main road, 9416 Qeparo, Albania"\ncity: "Qeparo"\nlocation: "Qeparo"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.05547781\n  lng: 19.81609163\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464810147.jpg?k=cd7296ecf6a76b2d86cb213df0577a5d04ca07427e3a6a7e7fe69979a8a4f573&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458601369.jpg?k=e758c3cabbbab20ac77c325c50964c9660822ffe4825c29e8495c1cb4806003d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458120888.jpg?k=0f9a3115b906fbfcb94aa968e6fd466de1589b703c20f1a8c47a0c51c61bad9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458601360.jpg?k=527d643ed18d88259ad6c5273be7df05ecdffcf1490c02d2f406facd9bfaee16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458120875.jpg?k=b21a13830b6ef6c8a8f8ca07e7ffa3803b339cc645470fe2e3c47aa6d7ce75f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458601363.jpg?k=70cd450e3ec7a0ee51393d82f373aa653db30e0818f8576f3aaabb6f0c86c54f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kantina George Skaloma 450 m"\n  - "Talasa 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qeparo Beach 350 m"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 1.1 km"\n  - "Borsh Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 50 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 93 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artan1234"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“apartment and location is very good , the owner was communicative and helpful”"\n  - name: "Emigert"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“property is in a good condition. they have a beautiful garden”"\n  - name: "Sandra"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It is a very cozy apartment, with beautiful grounds and close to the beach. Lany is very friendly and takes great care of it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartament-on-the-heart-of-mauntain.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartments are equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a pleasant environment regardless of the weather outside. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed through the inclusion of flat-screen TVs. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hair dryers, catering to the needs of the modern traveler. For those who prefer to dine in, the convenience of a seating and dining area in each unit makes meals comfortable and private. Additionally, a desk in every apartment facilitates a workspace for those mixing business with leisure.

Beyond the confines of these well-furnished apartments, guests are invited to unwind in the lush garden, offering a tranquil retreat from the day's activities. 

Located strategically, Lani Luxury Apartments is not only close to the allure of Qeparo Beach but also a short distance from the scenic Porto Palermo Beach, with both destinations within 2.2 km. For guests arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 132 km away, making the apartments accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Lani Luxury Apartments presents an ideal blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and serene surroundings, making it a top consideration for those planning a visit to Qeparo.