---\ntitle: "Latifi Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Latifi Guesthouse, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër and a mere 45 km from the serene Zaravina Lake, offers a tranquil retreat with its well-appointed accommodations and lush garden surroundings."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465744883.jpg?k=c1dcb44649e20016ba57cac578ca9a6ace9d8825dc8e5d9297eb7514ec56b060&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: latifi-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Partizani, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07225721\n  lng: 20.13603675\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 77\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465744883.jpg?k=c1dcb44649e20016ba57cac578ca9a6ace9d8825dc8e5d9297eb7514ec56b060&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402268765.jpg?k=635b1cdd0f0b02838b4e816d3a6bf28f815132f8d47f7a27d7d409b136e7bfa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402268745.jpg?k=79cbcb7dac6d8a6f5ca43826729c23dc694fca5c53ad4fda70ce5569e9036136&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476530283.jpg?k=ff06b7c1f91562e071547ecb26dc07a306987d04a84c0fe9ef5d074194cf6b43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465744933.jpg?k=82f84b36983dd240388c4e9133c1e8be72e4d22641441dfed582d117dcd0d3af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456367905.jpg?k=7d1aacaeae501424e64c2097d40d26028bea65fe089afb0c3d9e4b2ee808497e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Tradicional Urat 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Tradicionale Kardhashi 150 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The hosts didn't speak English but always smiling, trying and very nice. She is also a piano teacher and in the middle of nowhere she would start playing in the balcony, it was just magical! Breakfast could be better and more but was 100% homemade...”"\n  - name: "Isabel"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Fantastic guest house, really recommend, do not hesitate to select it, you will not regret. Best value for money and the best and friendly welcome during my Albania trip upon arrival we received a big fresh botlle of water and tea/coffee (offered,...”"\n  - name: "Ilir"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Best guesthouse in town. The owner was very helpful and very respectful. The room was clean and very comfortable. The location was awesome, around 5 min from the castle.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/latifi-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests can expect comfort in every corner, from air-conditioned spaces to the convenience of flat-screen TVs in all units. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the property, with select rooms featuring terraces for an added touch of luxury. The commitment to guest comfort is further highlighted by the provision of quality bed linen and towels in each unit.

For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is located 84 km away, making Latifi Guesthouse an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Gjirokastër.