---\ntitle: "Laureta Çako Apartment"\ndescription: "Laureta Çako Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379994571.jpg?k=626dcc50f8a2a0e1e3d56c9b05454d340bfa74a14acef46aed812b41e8112307&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: laureta-ako-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Frederik Shiroka, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32719219\n  lng: 19.80339809\nprice: "US$64"\npriceFrom: 64\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379994571.jpg?k=626dcc50f8a2a0e1e3d56c9b05454d340bfa74a14acef46aed812b41e8112307&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481354078.jpg?k=ff3ead9855afa98c473cc1e3d5c81464ba955dca07516048a888381fc459d22d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504203428.jpg?k=1a1dfa3d67986463b110559a032aa84d411eeba8c4b88ec647fdfa796fd96a31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504203415.jpg?k=d04569aadac31456e496aae101ca224a69dd83925a97b7be166f3034e13ffa3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504203426.jpg?k=0ea77ba1461326e0c0f4db8dd2846544a45ff3958e1b637ffd17ac72ae324d5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504203437.jpg?k=4dffeebfeb928e2a67e50b6cc12703b18fa0dddebdcf2b2cb3e3d948ac2c2890&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485416480.jpg?k=5546be31210d6e37aba1f84831d992ebe7d811d8699c1df3c1b773038807f698&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486344994.jpg?k=1184effcccef07c10b34ceb8bb7b963f8fed1af53a9c89ba8f0d9a6aecebfbd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504203413.jpg?k=bf525057f928c529eca56e1b89fb0921143e4ce7d5292d57468f0cbb351c0d18&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Tala 4 m"\n  - "Le Vin 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1,000 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marianna"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“Excellent facilities and the host was fantastic. Lidia was waiting for me to arrive and she was kind enough to walk with me in the city and give me a brief tour which was the best part of my stay in Tirana! I strongly recommend staying at her...”"\n  - name: "Max"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Wonderful location. Great amenities and very comfortable apartment.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Exellent place, spotless. Location amazing with lots of shops and bars near by. Everything near and most landmarks at a walkable distance. Will be back for sure to enjoy Tirana a few more days.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/laureta-caka-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a generously sized apartment that boasts a balcony offering serene mountain views. The interior features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The convenience of a modern bathroom with a walk-in shower, complemented by the provision of fresh towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat for all guests.

The vicinity of Laureta Çako Apartment is dotted with dining options, allowing guests to explore a variety of culinary delights just steps away from their accommodation. For those looking to venture further, the apartment facilitates exploration with its car rental service, making it effortless to discover more of what Tirana has to offer.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, each contributing to a rich cultural experience. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, making Laureta Çako Apartment an ideal base for both short and extended stays in this dynamic city.