---\ntitle: "Laura's Home"\ndescription: "Laura's Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Kallmi Beach in Durrës and a short stroll from Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016114.jpg?k=0ff7cf01ce00f9f41fc26fff23e6ea28c943cb772d423754623f433c0f92d23f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: laura-s-home\naddress: "Rruga Currila Street, Costa Del Sole 2nd Floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32230497\n  lng: 19.43093061\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016114.jpg?k=0ff7cf01ce00f9f41fc26fff23e6ea28c943cb772d423754623f433c0f92d23f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016235.jpg?k=98b43f579e68687316d8601c87fd630458321edecf8968c0680d11cfad4e5946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016116.jpg?k=031b78161e7ed8ebfb61ce541083378cc8f657b66f7cbaeb42f3909229c39982&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016239.jpg?k=ab0fe3a1a7cb9078b72cfe5df3f390527cb5eb40ce9efe2cd186e6ec9e72b9b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106014956.jpg?k=4a72ef328d8a9d15e59d2f3d8b335ec78aa93b54e0a39dcf24d2254b3ddf36db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105156868.jpg?k=4dd36d5b6fec33b5f91919a8c7b8c742447fc9f00e05a0583d95e7a10ec72b3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016182.jpg?k=9d214692ede44c2fe6bccd298fc947770102e7124356069232c5eb5d184f2f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016246.jpg?k=777e67cccaa88136229f0254182bbd0439d68a4454c976e52da1e3eafc2ee35c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106016122.jpg?k=bd8a58ea01f8c4a0fc4d0d271bec26de9e545306bbc5c52f43f245218952f765&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Sardi 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Drini 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 150 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 650 m"\n  - "West End Beach 750 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.7 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Izabela"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“1. Great location - beach under the building, just go down the stairs, from the balcony you can look at the sea and listen to the sound of the waves 24/7 🏖️🌞😁. About 300m from the apartment there is a bus stop from which you can get to Plepa bus...”"\n  - name: "Maksymilian"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Laura is very helpful person!
She helped us with the car rental organization and taxis to airport.
She explained everything how to check in and responded to every question we had about Albania and Durres in general.
Perfect apartment with nice...”"\n  - name: "Arbanas"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Smještaj, blizina mora, trgovine, restorani, šetnica”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/laura-39-s-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property distinguishes itself with its spacious apartment, designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. The apartment is well-appointed with a bedroom, a bathroom, and includes amenities such as bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering unobstructed sea views, perfect for enjoying the serene environment. Additionally, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay.

For those looking to explore the local area, Laura's Home is ideally positioned. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje are within accessible distances, offering unique experiences and scenic beauty. Moreover, the property is conveniently located near West End Beach and the historic Skanderbeg Square, providing ample opportunities for guests to engage in activities such as fishing and hiking or simply to soak in the local culture.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 35 km away, making Laura's Home a practical choice for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, Laura's Home stands out as a top-tier accommodation option in Durrës, offering not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the beauty and adventure that the region has to offer.