---\ntitle: "Laurent's Durres sea apartment"\ndescription: "Laurent's Durres Sea Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience along the Albanian coast."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448320.jpg?k=927642ffc194a99bc0bac8ddc5845fab6808877deb326dab5c962a1ad428acb6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: laurent-s-durres-sea-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30012264\n  lng: 19.50144917\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448320.jpg?k=927642ffc194a99bc0bac8ddc5845fab6808877deb326dab5c962a1ad428acb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448341.jpg?k=960006b35a012528bd642beb820c8e440a36f40ea3279f8854a63af14da0cc10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448324.jpg?k=4230fe45e07e0902746a9000ce97b6e02c34ed1d16d8fbbd39007922440eb24d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448352.jpg?k=8c989e5543da941415f0b818384563df9906a3141c227d796ff3aa5fa614815a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448369.jpg?k=ec9f1c9d190f94997caf1f9c98ed5d3a90ff802038c68e1e7b96340a74038b8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479023407.jpg?k=b97611236693482c9e2fc0dd0b001c02b4ab227161f77ce141ba8321e4e205f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448333.jpg?k=62689b3feda2e314cd89597cfa80732c18d2f45c2ceea243a6b19ff9b23d58fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448381.jpg?k=371558a02f57fbb175e7d8bf76a92177c73efe20244216f4f8f396b73063ff7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489448362.jpg?k=e3facead04e8788ca5d5fc5de60a4811913a02a80bd563a723f7e5f5922bd6a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 3 Vellezerit 50 m"\n  - "Brendon 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dimitrij"\n    country: "Belarus"\n    text: "“We had a very good time in Laurent's house, cleanliness and perfect hospitality,thanks you!”"\n  - name: "Scarola"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great stay, new house, very nice and ideal location to have the sea at your doorstep.
The owner and his parents were very kind and always available”"\n  - name: "George"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The quality of the apartment was extraordinarily. Fresh new and comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/laurents-sea-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Laurent's Durres Sea Apartment are treated to a seamless stay, thanks to the availability of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking. The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers unobstructed views of the sea. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. Notably, the property maintains a non-smoking policy throughout.

For added convenience, guests have access to a shared lounge, a kitchen for communal use, and even a currency exchange service on-site. A lift ensures easy access to the apartment, making it a suitable option for guests of all ages. Moreover, a minimarket within the apartment complex allows visitors to easily procure essentials without having to venture far.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Laurent's Durres Sea Apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the wider area. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within manageable distances, offering opportunities for day trips and further exploration. For those traveling by air, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 34 km away, adds to the convenience factor.

In summary, Laurent's Durres Sea Apartment presents itself as a compelling choice for travelers looking for a blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of home comfort while exploring the enchanting coast of Durrës.