---\ntitle: "Le Petit Central Apartments"\ndescription: "Le Petit Central Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440542795.jpg?k=ae8e284591b35ea0ee8e4c0298f0d35f5a40d03a17b2c609bfc7f0f2ed5a39ae&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: le-petit-central-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33319837\n  lng: 19.81805582\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440542795.jpg?k=ae8e284591b35ea0ee8e4c0298f0d35f5a40d03a17b2c609bfc7f0f2ed5a39ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410546859.jpg?k=0ecbb4ad66200e9b28ce64869a368b3f79cd5a7823730162347acbdc75569bf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410547037.jpg?k=6792bc39848bd1eaeaa781b8a42aa5d313cc70d027de66523aa72a17b47d1bca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410537738.jpg?k=b18ced26a224543a6098d97a98587ad00db68b7c4ad2b07693201acabdc5675f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440543155.jpg?k=ecbb2e2c1ce6fc49da6d7cd8fcb7d651808d11132dccc6b8dbb08d72e63ebad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410546345.jpg?k=099d15a7f8265297fe7cd2a17acdda5a36094d8ce0eb8014bc0e5cb6be5dfcc2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Superior Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gerardo"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“First of the girls who helped us with the check-in, she stored our bags since we arrived early and the apartment wasn't ready yet. Then she was helpful and very friendly.
The apartment is very nice and comfortable. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Adriana"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The room was very nice and clean. The kitchen and bathroom are small but fulfil their function. There is also a balcony in the room. The most important thing is the host, ho came at 1 am to the hotel to help us with the keys because we had issues...”"\n  - name: "Balbina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Well maintained flat located near the centre of the city, modern design, comfortable bed, induction stove available”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/le-petit-central-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Le Petit Central Apartments are treated to well-appointed, air-conditioned units that boast a thoughtful array of facilities. Each apartment is designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs, featuring a kitchenette equipped with a kettle, oven, fridge, and more, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a desk, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private balcony adds to the appeal, providing both leisure and business travelers with a comfortable and functional space. The private bathrooms with showers, soundproofing throughout the units, and the provision of bed linen and towels underscore the complex's commitment to guest comfort and convenience.

For those looking to explore Tirana, Le Petit Central Apartments does not disappoint. The property is conveniently located near several of the city's major attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for sightseers. Additionally, the availability of sightseeing tours, a bicycle rental service, and car rental facilities directly from the apartment complex enhances the overall guest experience by providing easy access to explore the vibrant surroundings.

The convenience extends to transportation, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, and the added perk of airport transfers offered by the accommodation, ensuring a seamless travel experience from arrival to departure.

In summary, Le Petit Central Apartments stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, combining the comforts of modern living with the ease of access to Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, making it a compelling choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the city's charm.