---\ntitle: "Ledion Apartments"\ndescription: "Ledion Apartments emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience, located just a short distance from the pristine Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308121332.jpg?k=c25b985d8631e597bfc532cdf48d5029f146ddbde2793e5a76fd3e579bae4d06&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ledion-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu lagja 1, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86601453\n  lng: 20.02034873\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308121332.jpg?k=c25b985d8631e597bfc532cdf48d5029f146ddbde2793e5a76fd3e579bae4d06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308119768.jpg?k=06025cc8a7893081646f672133014d3cb1ec558c854db65512874ac0c0f3ba07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308119714.jpg?k=e62bb37b0c6342afb2ea1caa974ba24ff056c5c33b8e215fe8b1619a1da20fae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308119656.jpg?k=222aafa1d4cba1b13c8d30e5a033a09023038090841d9e0f7682a06a9071f345&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154239517.jpg?k=b4bb79d6593acc17cb939807ff9a65d010e1de7eabbe60d403f6057e3234e7c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308119513.jpg?k=f1dddfa41c26ac66dd02c362db6dae7ed0f7f5e9c47260c0359592ea74f74e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144975244.jpg?k=0d17ab9209408e6c0e0bf628246dad1a1efd57cd492ca7bb24c8a40ffafd7deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198652577.jpg?k=19f1d3eb75d7d8d9fce245d108672f6c14d59970971289ede9f65980ed3d04c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308119443.jpg?k=46f4b1210d5f92116514a419193d069edfa1ad1973c673e2637b361beb40ec47&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rixhi 300 m"\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Steve"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Loved the space, the cleanliness and all the facilities and the view is to die for ! We very much enjoyed meeting the hosts who were super friendly.”"\n  - name: "Karol"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment was spacious and clean with everything we needed. The view of whole Saranda city and Korfu Island from the balcony was priceless. Host is really kind and helpful. Object is situated away from noisy city center what makes the...”"\n  - name: "Srdjan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The owners were really nice, everything was just as said, the apartment is really big and nice with an amazing view of Corfu and the whole Saranda.. We highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ledion-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nGuests of Ledion Apartments are treated to a host of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a secure environment with full-day security, alongside thoughtful services such as luggage storage and currency exchange, ensuring a hassle-free experience from arrival to departure.

The apartment itself is a testament to comfort and luxury, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room for an added touch of elegance. The living space is accentuated by a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests the freedom to dine in as they please. The highlight, however, is the terrace, offering stunning sea views that promise to captivate and relax in equal measure. Air conditioning, soundproofing, and a private entrance underscore the apartment's commitment to privacy and comfort.

For those keen on exploring the local area, Ledion Apartments does not disappoint. The vicinity is renowned for its excellent fishing spots, and the property facilitates adventure by offering bike and car rental services. With La Petite Beach and VIP Beach within easy reach, guests have ample opportunity to soak up the sun and sea.

Situated 95 km from Ioannina Airport, with a convenient paid airport shuttle service available, Ledion Apartments ensures that every aspect of your stay is catered to, promising a memorable escape that blends the allure of natural beauty with the comforts of modern living.