---\ntitle: "Ledina Hotel"\ndescription: "Ledina Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Orikum, just a stone's throw away from the serene Al Breeze Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367349334.jpg?k=4e792c42864fd052f79b0a5b5ee98721f89a420f42efdef445a3ffc1e3383d32&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ledina-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Vlore, 1001 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34322052\n  lng: 19.4842959\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 92\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367349334.jpg?k=4e792c42864fd052f79b0a5b5ee98721f89a420f42efdef445a3ffc1e3383d32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366873221.jpg?k=6af2e44be68667f413728671c5b131e63fc010d2f1b416497d2a46c31713c8e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366872607.jpg?k=dab86e277181cb5c99057c0a2fd5f8d394717f8100d56419ec5e373d94dddb0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366873399.jpg?k=dd3bb9b169aeac9575d56b8172fb87b3b0ae9c7a31b6eb4db8427ca8cd4170cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490680192.jpg?k=63f50a6b0cde86250898df5e1eebc017876cb324ece64cfda5b96f6827fd5ded&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366873137.jpg?k=cbba70373e8c21e8eb1c7c567315b05fafaa9ecbaaa40b92aae375a2d63ff7d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490680189.jpg?k=f19c632a9652ce79359bfd9b65752b005037f8db3c8ee8542f5ddd565e613a57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366872807.jpg?k=df653e3b1990606e455aa64304bc40773d2eddaee1df2b5d7c0d93b68609a0fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366873284.jpg?k=923492455fc98f94a17972df07528a809d03ac6c42df8b16e7b5a41fab9ac10d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Al Mare 150 m"\n  - "Babale 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Baro Beach 250 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 250 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“It would have been nice to know that it was a family resort.”"\n  - name: "Edis"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Hotel is good, room are great. Brekfest can be better. Swimingpool is perfect. All perfect.”"\n  - name: "Razvan"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Nice, clean Hotel.
Staff are very friendly and helpfully!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ledina.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Ledina Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room offers garden views, ensuring a peaceful backdrop for your stay. Modern conveniences such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi access across the property ensure that guests remain connected and comfortable. The addition of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and free toiletries, alongside a safety deposit box in every room, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest security and satisfaction.

For those who appreciate the convenience of on-site dining, Ledina Hotel does not disappoint. The hotel features a restaurant and bar, where guests can savor delicious meals and refreshing drinks without having to venture far. The daily breakfast selection, ranging from buffet and à la carte to continental options, caters to diverse palates and dietary preferences.

Families traveling with children will be delighted to find a children's playground on the premises, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. Moreover, the hotel's strategic location places visitors within easy reach of popular attractions such as Radhimë Beach, Nettuno Beach, and Orikum Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the area's natural beauty.

For added convenience, Ledina Hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, and room service, ensuring a seamless and worry-free experience from arrival to departure. Situated 165 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the hotel is accessible yet feels like a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle.

In summary, Ledina Hotel stands out as a top choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in the heart of Orikum.