---\ntitle: "Leo's Apartments Tirana Garden View"\ndescription: "Leo's Apartments Tirana Garden View emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406538751.jpg?k=eb61c30eade67c3e5e925fd71e914fa1787cd526484bc54da4c2ea4ffcb32de4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: leo-s-apartments-tirana-garden-view\naddress: "Rruga Abdyl Frashëri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3191927\n  lng: 19.8172294\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406538751.jpg?k=eb61c30eade67c3e5e925fd71e914fa1787cd526484bc54da4c2ea4ffcb32de4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406538584.jpg?k=618538d48f4185c23109d0c24215db8d83c0cf8ba2111ec0f09de8df1a35febf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406606560.jpg?k=feec1617ebc70a815b51cc3d9d46a2495f0c17b4bcac25a0af7bfcd9eec19f06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406605826.jpg?k=f1de78fb0c6379947a869a1f81088cc987a3dea93ecd6e68008fc48fb1ad4e82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406538824.jpg?k=767a1118035591c0a7397d25b495ef5013fba47ef649242decd62eb1470a4ade&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406096245.jpg?k=16284e7ff56d8b2fdc89e64480a0f730ae75353a85c3c2b59987b0d12203d698&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406606032.jpg?k=4fc6f02bea8fa82e2ebfff7ec52f2d4c3fa880d75b0343b07466290fa11e6592&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406605512.jpg?k=1f4f3ad074e8b1842f20221585de5e3036a0f934b994b3bcafe45aed82fc841f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406604167.jpg?k=5219a8c5f87e57d075db7c37ec3cc03fc1e2e6cae7abf373552b9a0872a11c55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (57 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kok aPulë 20 m"\n  - "Piceri la Loggetta 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gerxhaliu"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was very clean, near the city center, and had everything we needed”"\n  - name: "Suzanne"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, comfortable bed and pillows, welcome aircon.”"\n  - name: "Adon"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Leo’s Apartment is in the most ideal position you could think of when it comes to the location. The apartment is also very clean, and very modern, probably 100% similiar like in the pictures, unlike other properties. Leo is one of the best hosts...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/leos-apartments-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis exquisite apartment boasts a refreshing balcony view, encapsulating the essence of Tirana's vibrant spirit. Inside, guests are treated to a modern, air-conditioned haven featuring a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a coffee machine - perfect for those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals. The inclusion of a sleek bathroom equipped with a bidet and a hairdryer adds to the apartment's appeal, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For entertainment needs, a flat-screen TV is provided, making it easy for guests to unwind after a day of city exploration. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the quality of stay, ensuring a fresh and inviting atmosphere.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi throughout their stay. Additionally, private parking is available, offering peace of mind for those traveling with vehicles, albeit at an extra charge.

Notably, Leo's Apartments Tirana Garden View is surrounded by popular landmarks, including the thought-provoking Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the architectural marvel Pyramid of Tirana, and the interactive art installation Reja - The Cloud. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Leo's Apartments Tirana Garden View presents a compelling choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in the heart of Tirana.