---\ntitle: "Leonard's Apartment"\ndescription: "Leonard's Apartment emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540774.jpg?k=3e7440103402c76154700fe3ed41b129420185454f07fd11eba9586534eda661&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: leonard-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Vasil Kuqi, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3207181\n  lng: 19.45119515\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540774.jpg?k=3e7440103402c76154700fe3ed41b129420185454f07fd11eba9586534eda661&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540842.jpg?k=b4eb50b654bdef17082cc7eb63f58243eda5b2b9f9518c43b911ab4e0f03de85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540804.jpg?k=0f4626f394beaf87c099c81132cf7a175ea43be2aabec876879648eb6c4aef1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540822.jpg?k=cdd6b8f3b66696bace79e28c5c165fdbb4153e706cdb7091c33080167c83efef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540870.jpg?k=7eb62ae257f2c42597244403b920de70c5f84b03d2572b98ea8811fa3a1e3f8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540856.jpg?k=959339190ddd6ab0527a4798318727b37003f74bbaa97b2a3e8dcb02c0e0e82c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540863.jpg?k=3e31ff01057d7123d84f991f778656b15125280f307a2a3eb8d8ea7963c05889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540796.jpg?k=389d416e704921fc8ad4f7002bf98b6f832e4afcf0c1472bd1e6770b637a7c3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477540811.jpg?k=fd31fd2ae4dd27180a8ad4671c3cff64236043bd5f24959257f329066b3139b7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amsterdam 100 m"\n  - "New Tradita Shqiptare 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 400 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Квартира находится в шаговой доступности от набережной и основных достопримечательностей города. Рядом также есть кафе, супермаркеты и рынок. В квартире есть всё необходимое для комфортного проживания.”"\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Apartament bardzo czysty wszystko nowe właściciele bardzo mili nie stwarzają żadnych problemów. Naprawdę bardzo polecam”"\n  - name: "Ιφιγένεια"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Υπέροχος χώρος, με όλες τις παροχές. Φιλόξενοι οικοδεσπότες.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/leonards-apartment-durres15.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms that promise a restful night's sleep. The living space is designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs, featuring a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and toaster, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of air conditioning and complimentary WiFi access further enhances the comfort levels, ensuring a stay that is both pleasant and connected.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of optional towels and linens, adding a touch of convenience for guests. The bathroom, equipped with either a bath or shower, underscores the apartment's commitment to providing a home-away-from-home experience.

One of the standout features of Leonard's Apartment is its charming picnic area. This outdoor space invites guests to enjoy leisurely days under the sun, offering a delightful escape from the hustle and bustle of city life.

While the apartment revels in tranquility, courtesy of its quiet street views, it also positions guests within reach of notable landmarks. The enigmatic Former Residence of Enver Hoxha lies 39 km away, adding a historical dimension to the visit. For those looking to explore further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers an adventure 42 km from the doorstep, while the Rock of Kavaje presents a natural spectacle just 11 km away.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 32 km from the apartment, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests.

In summary, Leonard's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for those desiring a blend of leisure, comfort, and exploration in the heart of Durrës.