---\ntitle: "Les Villas de Qeparo"\ndescription: "Les Villas de Qeparo emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty, just a short 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334877426.jpg?k=f23f21a8f189084d7aa89b0c8313e1723c309b78abd6f07c449ec2fe2fd05072&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: les-villas-de-qeparo\naddress: "Unnamed Road, 9416 Qeparo, Albania"\ncity: "Qeparo"\nlocation: "Qeparo"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.06795674\n  lng: 19.83023643\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334877426.jpg?k=f23f21a8f189084d7aa89b0c8313e1723c309b78abd6f07c449ec2fe2fd05072&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780431.jpg?k=db7fb8e98f4af784b4d4833ff237071c5ab4084f304b6d9bf945fff84179a8df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780370.jpg?k=c56408cbd8c7dd93880ef11a765ac50680e8455425ea165978a30a783b68222a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210938389.jpg?k=f2997a58edcca9412607a87832422f1ca84d87ea35cef4005728eac7b46afc1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780277.jpg?k=34dab4c1db40530b898d834158c5b460f143441035fdb201e4b27ab18d495999&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780296.jpg?k=2779aa9296537b60be852f96910063a982347df018c19e9decc1773f01ff9540&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780313.jpg?k=9aad6d1dd8031d3ab8f0f6f1181947032c13a5a5bb6734431c31b937b2fae962&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780324.jpg?k=58541d643716c1f904d956d03ffd3079228fff257a8b3215c650ef13a58ccbd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494780327.jpg?k=459626d183e5d51220341f4e4b4a25cc95cefe65c1ca8fa3f2b68abcaf3558fa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Xhorxhi 350 m"\n  - "Talasa 1.7 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qeparo Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Borsh Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 2.9 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 51 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 93 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Danny"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It’s a very special location an abandoned hill top village, with a smattering of tastefully rebuilt stone properties, loads of atmosphere and charm. It’s very unusual and a an experience I will remember. Nice taverna and cafe , shop nearby”"\n  - name: "Arben"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Autentic albanian village on the mountains with that seaview of Qeparo beach and Ionion sea. I loved the villa and the host is a very nice man. We will be back, thats for sure 😀”"\n  - name: "Hilmar"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Aufwändig saniertes altes Bauernhaus mit allem Komfort, schöner Garten, nette schattige Sitzgelegenheit, Pool, sehr schöne ruhige und abgeschieden Lage, trotzdem Restaurants und Einkaufsmöglichkeit fußläufig erreichbar, netter Gastgeber.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/les-villas-de-qeparo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach villa within the complex is a testament to thoughtful luxury, boasting air-conditioned spaces that are both spacious and inviting. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with modern appliances such as a toaster, coffee machine, and fridge, cater to every culinary need. The dining areas within these units provide the perfect setting for a memorable meal, whether it's a quick breakfast before a day of exploration or a leisurely dinner under the stars.

What sets Les Villas de Qeparo apart are the breathtaking mountain and sea views that some units offer, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the tranquil beauty of the surrounding landscape. The attention to detail extends to each private bathroom and wardrobe, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is luxurious.

For those seeking to connect with nature, the villa's outdoor dining area and lush garden offer a peaceful haven. Moreover, the location is ideal for adventurers and leisure seekers alike, with opportunities for hiking and exploration just moments away.

Situated 132 km from Ioannina Airport, Les Villas de Qeparo stands as a premier choice for travelers seeking an escape that combines the tranquility of nature with the comforts of modern living.