---\ntitle: "Leti Apartments M.Shyri2"\ndescription: "Leti Apartments M."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526136858.jpg?k=5ed92b3c2a768f35047782fe1fb2473c8473f35254770e8a8dfcf2df28202f69&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: leti-apartments-m-shyri2\naddress: "Rruga Hajdar Hidi, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32613059\n  lng: 19.81283422\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526136858.jpg?k=5ed92b3c2a768f35047782fe1fb2473c8473f35254770e8a8dfcf2df28202f69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/526136904.jpg?k=761b688f0f1df3a80517a1a564d009293743bfe5b01508a5b02099d4ceb85930&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/526136907.jpg?k=3b57825fb98f95ef92c50d3543840417bdf4d095d770471a608cfffc132d3ab8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/526136908.jpg?k=2ecda5ff7710624c7d532ef8ed42c08aa5aa4f18961b8b043df1da61b753accd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/526136914.jpg?k=8ccf31d04cfce342d456e47fea6204b25a82cf70fb7b1e914fa54c8470bdd4cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/526136917.jpg?k=6451cbfee551c0c29a752ad0ec3da48e31766bfa9b6572351d03de3c123f8b2d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpi 100 m"\n  - "Pizza Seni 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/leti-apartments-mshyri2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis inviting apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. Guests will find themselves at home in a space that boasts a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a bathroom. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi enveloping the property, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures with ease. For those looking to explore beyond the immediate vicinity, Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque are notable points of interest that promise enriching experiences.

Situated 5.6 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car for those inclined towards breathtaking views and 1 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Leti Apartments M.Shyri2 serves as a gateway to the diverse offerings of Tirana. The property is also conveniently located 16 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

In essence, Leti Apartments M.Shyri2 stands out as a compelling accommodation option for those who wish to dive deep into the cultural tapestry of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed apartment.