---\ntitle: "Liam's Apartment"\ndescription: "Liam's Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in Golem, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking a memorable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478859691.jpg?k=f07b1a82d2fa4335f9930757e449930707ed343bfa747b44d29021ec98f2ac9b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: liam-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Gjuzeve Bar Restorant Shpiragu, 2001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25865381\n  lng: 19.52465807\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478859691.jpg?k=f07b1a82d2fa4335f9930757e449930707ed343bfa747b44d29021ec98f2ac9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476769343.jpg?k=09336ba7ce0c5d0f306ff18911454a195af75496b637ae41f871f371154b19f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476801047.jpg?k=2afa5ca26d5e5f3b0597c8532ebaed9997ac02204c63af68f16f0b21bb3b76ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476769323.jpg?k=f29079294b7f5396f1d3afa2278f457722102f25c8b22d305647938a5d9517d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476769256.jpg?k=cd52a60de61371e2d3a163e8f46e6411b2b57b53ee73d5f6b6ac140caf7ed1d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476769326.jpg?k=c57b68f6007907e99c9c7dfa729cd759cf9178c50314c00b805e9a0714274c13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476769351.jpg?k=e6bd837346b5172f5233a4011d9084ce58000e8e99e8cf4f243632da56c06cc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476800929.jpg?k=5c524fd6c623367261ebb0ea59013f9daa064f7c504f68f6700fedb5321e3ad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478125982.jpg?k=bfccfc50501db12549272d8523302e5f352ddc5807c5d02d0ada9238ec4c7f16&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 50 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 900 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jonida"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We had such a pleasant stay at Liam’s apartment.
The host was so nice and helpful. The apartment was great, clean, new, well furnished with new equipments and walking distance to the beach. Everything like in pictures.
I recommend it to everyone...”"\n  - name: "Dragan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartment is great, new, sparkly clean, very comfortable, with all the amenities and necessities, on a very good location. Host are very pleasant and highly professional. With kindness we had excellent communication for everything. Strong...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/liams-apartment-golem1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPerched at a strategic distance from notable landmarks, the apartment is a mere 44 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 48 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for explorers. Moreover, the Rock of Kavaje is conveniently situated just 5.6 km away, with Mali I Robit Beach further enhancing the locale's appeal at a distance of 1.8 km.

Guests are welcomed into a space that boasts a harmonious blend of modern amenities and homely comfort. The apartment features a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV, alongside an equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a toaster for those who enjoy preparing their own meals. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, shower, and a dressing room adds to the convenience, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is enjoyable.

The terrace and garden views offer a tranquil backdrop for relaxation, inviting guests to unwind in a peaceful setting. For those keen on exploring the rich history and culture of the area, the former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre are within accessible distances, located 45 km and 14 km from the apartment, respectively.

With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated just 39 km away, Liam's Apartment stands out as a compelling choice for travelers seeking both tranquility and adventure in the heart of Golem.