---\ntitle: "Lida's House"\ndescription: "Lida's House emerges as a serene retreat offering breathtaking sea views and the convenience of modern amenities, located just 3 km from the pristine Lukova Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464056505.jpg?k=069ebe370558b24c108aa324899ddb4f2db7e62784e02628ee806fe712bb1009&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lida-s-house\naddress: "Baliqes, 9700 Lukovë, Albania"\ncity: "Lukovë"\nlocation: "Lukovë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.99134292\n  lng: 19.91663524\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464056505.jpg?k=069ebe370558b24c108aa324899ddb4f2db7e62784e02628ee806fe712bb1009&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497703857.jpg?k=62f7e567f9dc2b5fc6c47b8d11967a4ca196203374d4a07ca241cfa6ca4422b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497704207.jpg?k=beb66e77db3f7261f048281651619464fd0751879e3c28e042df659b1341f73e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456973377.jpg?k=8b6b89b55be7301342f8afd54313f53c6779cec6c65f2e92f6408f0c5691e584&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497704019.jpg?k=2328e8e32499c58ca32060668907638d55defc980c28d929e88b0af31d1183c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497704605.jpg?k=5ce3ebbb89cf6ad247b311818ca4e038937464a06aa2782ee8afc1e123cc40e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Joni 100 m"\n  - "Bar Lucovë, Riviera Pizza 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lukova Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Krorëza Beach 6 km"\n  - "Borsh Beach 6 km"\n  - "Kakomes Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 17 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 42 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gerburg"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Lida and her husband are very friendly and helpful. They only speak Albanian but called familiy members to who explained everything in English. Other things we solved with Google translator. Lida and his husband gave us fresh figues from their...”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The couple who manages it are very nice. The house is very clean, it has a nice garden and view of the sea”"\n  - name: "Pietro"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Mi sono trovato bene in compagnia della signora Lida che mi offerto il pranzo, mi hanno tenuto più tempo del previsto accogliendomi con amore e mi hanno portato fino a Saranda in furgone”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/malas-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Lida's House is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, soundproofing, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, select units come with a well-equipped kitchen, including an oven, microwave, and stovetop, complemented by a fridge.

The property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it invites guests to experience the outdoors with its barbecue facilities, perfect for dining al fresco on the private patio during the warmer months. Adventure seekers and nature lovers will find themselves at home here, with a private beach area at their disposal and opportunities for fishing and hiking just steps away.

Situated 36 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 113 km from Ioannina Airport, Lida's House positions itself as an ideal base for exploring the natural wonders and historical sites of the region. Whether it's the allure of the mountains or the call of the sea, this guest house promises a memorable stay for all who visit.