---\ntitle: "LIFT @Vollga with BBQ and patio"\ndescription: "LIFT @Vollga with BBQ and patio emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182556.jpg?k=2ee9649a0872c2041e41ac854cea59c56cf03abb155cac6a74bf7ec1a7f2ab03&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lift-vollga-with-bbq-and-patio\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 1057 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3102586\n  lng: 19.44313755\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182556.jpg?k=2ee9649a0872c2041e41ac854cea59c56cf03abb155cac6a74bf7ec1a7f2ab03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182517.jpg?k=f9e35e981aa45bee466f357283fcaa19d790a5605253d68ff9b414e451f7073c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467539660.jpg?k=cab2974c8828849c977b3368e9fba8b91ca228c7cf9c0bec1e7d3410a72e4db3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182539.jpg?k=5c3477928a299585967f7819f4d7f72f38555364666b410568e0f5c17485bde7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182511.jpg?k=4ae2f5604f127411ee9eeafa9fb624b22406e10afdb11c3669f1b8c35053d842&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526982960.jpg?k=32ea5df664f515f4c304093748cfb6dbd8e60ca34dd5ed9ab2475c6f0f798469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438182589.jpg?k=ab478dcf1d5a2301b222e8ba35ff42adf9438f1639188c53556f8f6a6a6d02ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467543028.jpg?k=d8fb99dedc5c64a4cabd946256521439b7895f1470cb7a34ac3b5416ee28cc9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508202290.jpg?k=163120b9f2aa294623ad29cca025f47b6e1190947bfe447a48b3418694343c25&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cinnabon Durres 8 m"\n  - "Liburn 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 40 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 150 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 900 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hans"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I liked everything from the location, cleanliness, staff.
Wifi is a big plus because is very fast and stable.
Totally recommended.
I will be back for sure”"\n  - name: "Gregori"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment located at touristic area of Durres.
Spotless clean. Well equipped.
The host was very helpful.
Definitely i will come back”"\n  - name: "Tuur"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Spacious and very close to the beach and boulevard.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lift-vollga-with-bbq-and-patio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment prides itself on providing an array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. From the convenience of an elevator and round-the-clock security to the modern comforts of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, LIFT @Vollga ensures a seamless stay. Additional services such as an ATM, private check-in and check-out, and currency exchange facilities underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Accommodation at LIFT @Vollga is characterized by its spacious layout, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that opens up to a balcony offering picturesque mountain views. The apartment is thoughtfully furnished with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen, catering to the needs of both short-term and extended stays. The inclusion of air conditioning, soundproofing, and a fireplace guarantees a comfortable and tranquil retreat.

For those who enjoy outdoor dining, the property boasts an outdoor dining area and barbecue facilities, perfect for enjoying meals under the sky. Convenience is further enhanced by the presence of a minimarket on the premises.

Located 2.8 km from Durres Beach and within manageable distance from Skanderbeg Square, LIFT @Vollga with BBQ and patio offers an ideal base for exploring the local area. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the nearest airport, is 34 km away, making the property easily accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.