---\ntitle: "Light Hotel"\ndescription: "Light Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236286864.jpg?k=e9bdb4aacffb37a00f132b22a5f27f55d90d17881899f33d283929f6b816df01&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: light-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandri i Madh, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33157197\n  lng: 19.78352126\nprice: "US$71"\npriceFrom: 71\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 419\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236286864.jpg?k=e9bdb4aacffb37a00f132b22a5f27f55d90d17881899f33d283929f6b816df01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378032165.jpg?k=adf7591a149c4bc8b3c9f383501ac3f2fd3544aea40804ca841cc6b6728d095c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378031497.jpg?k=9c3ea2f4dc497bb21772e5cc32b421094c66da0d70cebc108127c97e2f79d417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236148858.jpg?k=8310bd66592f23242ae73edfb015934686ad7102d31dbc1022a8b46b5bc10111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301472758.jpg?k=3578f5f942a2705b758cb1a992edabfb0e630c606dccecbbf0a5db9de8cf8d4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236150289.jpg?k=217d5c3bb8d57c2db5426bfa17b74e05d3984c241f64bb3ecbb232b8b4887585&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384632962.jpg?k=03e83440fa2b0e61900adf0b434516f385a7211ab1ebc0af458464b8d43754b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378036316.jpg?k=013e81f4a20b2f110b68a3b3c96d67dfe1f450a7ad79fe361ed2a45ee343adc2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378035923.jpg?k=fc6badd2a29e87f24313632166b37ac80d7bf7af5aeabd54150c941925fc5c49&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Quadruple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Oslo 40 m"\n  - "Zgara e Shijes 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 100 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eleni"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The location was very convenient. The premises provides parking so we didn't have to use our car. We caught taxis into the center that only cost 600 leke one way. The breakfast was fabulous and fresh every day. The beds were extremely comfortable...”"\n  - name: "Erdemsimsek"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“A nice hotel with clean rooms and friendly staff. It has a parking lot with valet service. They immediately responded our messages and questions before we came.”"\n  - name: "Ester"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Really comfy bed, great breakfast and kind staff.
The staff at the restaurant was friendly and offered us to try traditional food”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/light.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest comfort, offering rooms that are not only allergy-free but also equipped with air conditioning and a workspace, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Each room opens up to a balcony, presenting breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and the city's dynamic skyline, allowing guests to soak in the beauty of Tirana from the comfort of their private space.

Connectivity is seamless at Light Hotel, with free WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world while enjoying their retreat. The 24-hour front desk and room service underscore the hotel's dedication to guest satisfaction, providing assistance and amenities around the clock.

Strategically positioned, Light Hotel is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 5.4 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, standing 41 km from the hotel. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located 8.8 km away, offering an adventure into the scenic heights of the area. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 12 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Light Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a harmonious blend of scenic views, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities, making it an ideal choice for those visiting Tirana.