---\ntitle: "@Likehome"\ndescription: "@Likehome emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328829.jpg?k=c32b26e5c8b62b87cd604f007eb9ed3acd82cc1bc2b9f9efefe2eb40e05dfaf9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: likehome\naddress: "Rruga Gjon Buzuku, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33591728\n  lng: 19.82396476\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328829.jpg?k=c32b26e5c8b62b87cd604f007eb9ed3acd82cc1bc2b9f9efefe2eb40e05dfaf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328757.jpg?k=4deace21d398965d5c5ee1532cac888703bcb754f6327dd740f0ee0656206afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392329100.jpg?k=01f9067ccc6b5773971ec372ed89c061fb1f37a08604b89def695394d401e398&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328951.jpg?k=dd3b971f0af5375db226dbc5f21ff65877531b5a84a442ccb540e9a538ccd58f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392329081.jpg?k=eb376e37fb560e5dd2ece4176790fd33fec1e7521bfb14c273b6c85c88d05a8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392329127.jpg?k=3f3006e082a37deafddb04ca993a2f44cd0a7827094cb14b6de9de47b68d25af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328998.jpg?k=641e14b550d4d5daebeaee733c67f2a8f17a48b9725ed95ea7bb094a74429fc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392328973.jpg?k=016aa2c3c4a2b2bfa9043096d8390b943c48a2e7cd99d1094c3e5a8b600d343f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487919647.jpg?k=d8f20cce698bcec393232781a31ecb1a16a4aef2e1de284df61e32d3ce52f561&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Mezeri 50 m"\n  - "Vila Goldi 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Apartment is very nice, clean and very close to the center.”"\n  - name: "Aaron"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“After 17 days of albania and montenegro, this apartment was the only one which truly deserves a high ranking for us. The host is very helpful, its a central location and the kitchen is well equipped. A nice mix of different teas, coffee and also...”"\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had a lovely time at the property. The host is extremely professional, helpful and friendly. There is everything you need in the flat, the beds are very comfy. I liked the balcony, location is great too! Thank you so much to the lovely host!...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/likehome.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment at @Likehome is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, offering a blend of space and privacy. Guests are treated to a well-appointed living space that includes a bedroom equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a fully equipped kitchen ready for culinary adventures with an oven and toaster, and the convenience of a washing machine. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to detail.

Adding to the appeal is the apartment's thoughtful design, featuring a private entrance and soundproofing to ensure a tranquil retreat amidst the city's hustle and bustle. The availability of a balcony adds a touch of luxury, allowing guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space.

For those looking to explore Tirana, @Likehome's location offers easy access to notable attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre. The convenience extends to transportation, with free private parking on site and complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected. The property also facilitates exploration and mobility with a shuttle service and car rental options available.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, @Likehome presents an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers. Its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities makes it a standout option for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.