---\ntitle: "Lille France Apartments"\ndescription: "Lille France Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Shkodër, located a mere 49 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253705970.jpg?k=1e1d06749c90b90ee8fd33ed4a9381c3383141e74156fe87281dd3bbb66588b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lille-france-apartments\naddress: "Besnik Sykja, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06427861\n  lng: 19.51172675\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 345\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/253705970.jpg?k=1e1d06749c90b90ee8fd33ed4a9381c3383141e74156fe87281dd3bbb66588b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180305815.jpg?k=a71cedb66392e76ab8735ec2f01203a826f67229111fd3352377bab1b438ec0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211494218.jpg?k=e204d512b47f318fcecffdb3fe592713629e015b030f34b88dc5b5a09defafaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184666201.jpg?k=1c79ec8cbbda2d7ae850f6f87be10c4d46084d87c32bee24815ec07b0c019fff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154219210.jpg?k=eb516c7eda5c9b517bcd69ad7d56dd5d62cafa9ddb37a4a2cb6d0e4a86dc51eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201059704.jpg?k=9453a87343b71ff67ee9e78636de1734240f25f1b6a29c9c5410c153360a5d50&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (187 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Family Studio"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Idromeno Bar Pastiçeri 50 m"\n  - "Proper Pizza 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.5 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“- location: central but still quiet at night and close to restaurants & cafes
- the host lady: she is exceptionally friendly. There’s a language barrier but you can communicate & she really cares about her guests. She even woke up at 6 am to see...”"\n  - name: "Christof"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Really nice and very helpful host, great apartment and centrally located”"\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Ana is a very friendly hostess. Very clean appartment (we had the 4 person room, because otter were not free) on a short distance from the central square.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lille-france.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on round-the-clock service, offering a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, full-day security, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring peace of mind and connectivity throughout the stay. Accommodations at Lille France Apartments are thoughtfully designed with tiled floors and boast a fully equipped kitchen, dining area, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with a bidet and slippers, catering to all the comforts of home. Select units elevate the living experience further with a terrace or balcony, presenting serene street views and an outdoor dining space, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Additionally, every unit is equipped with air conditioning and a wardrobe, emphasizing comfort and convenience.

Culinary delights await at the aparthotel's traditional restaurant, which opens its doors for lunch and dinner, offering a menu rich in European cuisine. For those looking to explore the local area at their own pace, Lille France Apartments facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site.

Situated conveniently 59 km from Podgorica Airport, the aparthotel ensures ease of access for international travelers. Lille France Apartments stands out as an exemplary choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of home-like amenities and attentive service in the heart of Shkodër.