---\ntitle: "Limehouse Skanderbeg Square Tirana Center"\ndescription: "Limehouse Skanderbeg Square Tirana Center emerges as a freshly renovated gem in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440832708.jpg?k=9d0be8d7c9bd0bbd642ce964bd2fd135d990bd771aa29d64321498ddb52cf55c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: limehouse-skanderbeg-square-tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33050138\n  lng: 19.81351671\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440832708.jpg?k=9d0be8d7c9bd0bbd642ce964bd2fd135d990bd771aa29d64321498ddb52cf55c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440832235.jpg?k=1e00a2de32a4f66a3cfb1ae5cf1f9066a8df1e6f25f5430b465e08dfac3fde16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440832244.jpg?k=07008354d8e5b9fc9e76a6b7c3ea6004aa92aaeb341f6250ba314e54bf92bf96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440833734.jpg?k=d808c93dcf20b79b1f4c3a108e6826cbf8e8a937f455837085a7f06246d293dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518880065.jpg?k=57c075a5d4a9f56865909e89cb19a881d07b39f4a2f38b71aedf1477758afb38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440834161.jpg?k=db23958d3d6a82526f243dd88ed422ba322ca89619370a5dac137866387dfc56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440832074.jpg?k=b38733441539ee23bb728d492a10473bc8969afdc14bf4c9e78448de46eec856&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440834116.jpg?k=b25d6055b517a6101c708df48ee535022abf036407f053089122024b0380fa88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440833828.jpg?k=de5feda59efc720b8efbc3bc080f7299fd27e92a811d69f00949b5a5e23dcf3d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (178 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sathya"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Both the host and her mother were very kind and responsive. The rooms are in good condition, the kitchen is sufficient for short stay. I would’ve liked a bit more lighting in the living room but that is a personal preference. Overall, would highly...”"\n  - name: "Merita"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Proximity to the center; the facilities it provided and cleaness”"\n  - name: "Chrysi"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Clean apartment, very close to Skanderber Square and all the attractions around. 15 minutes walk from the area with the bars. There are 2 parking lots very close. The host was very friendly and answered quickly to all our messages. She even ...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-amp-lovely-skanderbeg-square-guesthouse-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Limehouse Skanderbeg Square are greeted with a host of thoughtful amenities designed to ensure a hassle-free stay. The presence of an ATM and a minimarket on-site underscores the property's commitment to guest convenience, complemented by the provision of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Moreover, the establishment's strict non-smoking policy underscores its dedication to providing a comfortable and healthy environment for all guests.

Accommodation at Limehouse Skanderbeg Square is nothing short of comfortable and inviting. The air-conditioned apartment boasts two separate bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with a stovetop, catering to guests' needs for independence and privacy. The inclusion of towels and bed linen further enhances the home-away-from-home experience, ensuring guests can travel light without compromising on comfort.

The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, Rinia Park, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania adds to its appeal, offering guests an array of cultural experiences just a short walk away. For those arriving by air, the convenience of being located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Limehouse Skanderbeg Square Tirana Center an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in the Albanian capital.