---\ntitle: "Linda Apartment"\ndescription: "Linda Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, boasting a prime location just a stone's throw away from the serene Ri Beach and a short drive from the picturesque Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107943.jpg?k=761251ed6889a3470e344e8f1712757fec5fd010cd2cb6f07c4c884af2eeb78e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: linda-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi 5, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44385412\n  lng: 19.49623793\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107943.jpg?k=761251ed6889a3470e344e8f1712757fec5fd010cd2cb6f07c4c884af2eeb78e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107874.jpg?k=ad2fe35b15b8dab8b51942624e1f34683aa3318b4e55942dac43dd717fa6ad47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107960.jpg?k=fdf17ae3b7eb7c3f49a6702c4387d27c8f4c50b769a3e6004c60b708a707efb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107986.jpg?k=07be9c169a49552e4be83c77353fe99528b7eb9327e7320d4a196d7383d90a90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107954.jpg?k=1fa175aa86e608ddb6896b9846c7c101d02ba2bc2e6fdc5176647be9d4880bf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107973.jpg?k=1be44d4aed0491f0b7e0812d5bdbb378edf6d9e20462d15bbbc9411ea42247d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107968.jpg?k=1d5e64fbe2fc8902257f8003d72c35566a158f65f3f460b6c4d158b42384fec6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469107948.jpg?k=626ebb2a3f85c3f3421dea04a395d3d67a404479aa8e69d1da7328c9e0519026&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473834403.jpg?k=7a3bf86164154214aa2f42398e3cbb5d7e5a5badd72590daa794dcdbb01d1eef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amo Pizza 10 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 950 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 850 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Karel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was fine, clean. Great location, sandy beach across the road, supermarket, bakery, many restaurants down the street.”"\n  - name: "Clark"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was in a great location, very central. Spotlessly clean, very fresh bed linen. Plenty of blankets provided and a heater. From the bigger bedroom there is access to a balcony which was very nice. The owner was very helpful and there...”"\n  - name: "Mariya"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Very good location, right behind the first hotels, close to shops, small cafés and bakeries. Just 2 minutes from the beach, which is paid 500 light-hours for a parasol and 2 sun loungers, or 10 minutes from the free city beach. Fifth floor with...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/linda-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests will be delighted to find themselves surrounded by lush garden views, a testament to the apartment's serene setting. Moreover, Linda Apartment is strategically positioned a mere 3.1 km from the historic Kuzum Baba and 3.3 km from the vibrant Independence Square, placing guests at the heart of Vlorë's rich cultural tapestry. For those who wish to stay connected, the entire property is equipped with complimentary WiFi, with the added convenience of Vlore Beach located just 200 meters away.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a balcony that invites guests to unwind in the fresh air. It houses 2 bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a minibar, catering to all the needs of its guests. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have access to leisure at their fingertips. Emphasizing a commitment to a healthy living environment, the accommodation is strictly non-smoking.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is accessible, located 152 km from the apartment, making Linda Apartment an ideal choice for both local and international visitors looking for a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion in Vlorë.