---\ntitle: "Lindi's Apartments 3 3"\ndescription: "Lindi's Apartments 3 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054590.jpg?k=c98ef04e61d8a5168912e910e1d6fbe09cbeae7e29e5f8a75fa2e63ae0d192e9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lindi-s-apartments-3-3\naddress: "Rruga e Kosovarëve, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31562801\n  lng: 19.81194329\nprice: "US$72"\npriceFrom: 72\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054590.jpg?k=c98ef04e61d8a5168912e910e1d6fbe09cbeae7e29e5f8a75fa2e63ae0d192e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054570.jpg?k=1ff39474e54ba1dd758098cf76ffc49cbc5dcf99ef645c0eec44204f1b70c8c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054647.jpg?k=662c4787026d8b3a3ff35554404bc6215e9c64042fa8c4d8d83271c8021e80ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054646.jpg?k=92e89dfc399a5b65a1da062201f9bf5565ce672ecc22b2d614d74b0ec991f3f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442079772.jpg?k=b7690fcc2c0f25af7ed976e895dde91a619ac0049b41e776ab7c2b340f854ac7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054560.jpg?k=c0c3e6f607087fa41f7e0672d0957c8385c0b3c760f4ff11ecc9f2448bb0de7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054644.jpg?k=df2dab1a6f3c816a3a41466e81e26cb560dc67f99633fe8e9eac1938c7aff5f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054597.jpg?k=918ca8b799d8bb79bae001649d8f5997bdcb2b250f4e39ece8744b106754fed7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438054637.jpg?k=71761452920a4801b8ceea1e09fccfde5105f6fcafc0da157b4b85796e357f70&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Saimon Burgers 100 m"\n  - "Fraterie 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything perfect - brand new apartment in brand new building, close to the Lake and the Bllok. All as per the photos. The communication with the manager was very efficient.”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We liked everything about this property - an excellent apartment with all the amenities, brand new decorated, in a newly built residential building, great location close to Tirana Lake and the Bllok. Very easy access with the code. Excellent and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lindis-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. With air conditioning, a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a coffee machine, guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary slippers adds a touch of luxury to the stay. Moreover, the provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable and hassle-free experience.

One of the standout features of Lindi's Apartments 3 3 is the commitment to guest privacy and convenience, highlighted by the private entrance to the accommodation. The entire property is a non-smoking zone, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as complimentary WiFi is available throughout the premises, and for those arriving by car, private parking is an added convenience. 

For those keen to explore Tirana's natural beauty and architectural marvels, the apartment is conveniently located near the Grand Park of Tirana, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the artistic Reja - The Cloud installation. Furthermore, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 16 km away, makes Lindi's Apartments 3 3 an ideal choice for both international visitors and locals looking for a city escape.

In summary, Lindi's Apartments 3 3 offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and culture, making it a top recommendation for anyone planning a visit to Tirana.