---\ntitle: "Lion's Apartments Vlora"\ndescription: "Lion's Apartments Vlora stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë, offering travelers a serene escape with the city's pulse just steps away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064397.jpg?k=d720708f40401139a80696e7d6735186128f5b8324117671ad9ede35655cb25e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lion-s-apartments-vlora\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Kastrioti, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45904552\n  lng: 19.48211864\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064397.jpg?k=d720708f40401139a80696e7d6735186128f5b8324117671ad9ede35655cb25e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465313389.jpg?k=777a47437a2abc168848f9b24b0a8024b4c8e6bb5d486d723e160e1e35fc266c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064384.jpg?k=91e1cc390673bf5ec0ae66d1af720d2ec154886adc1648485a4c01a669e9f788&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064404.jpg?k=a460513e3dafe36fc23d03a68a1bcb298a51c84a8596100afea95ae4dd78e840&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064411.jpg?k=6552150bb3c2c18d7b9dc0b47fcd17abed329c492ca35ceda96cf507b55f2979&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463064442.jpg?k=099da2f2161c43f99e649dae5e3159b376348be5c720750a92f53823cd14e4ec&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (344 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Check-in daisy 10 m"\n  - "Xhoni 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 650 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.8 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ju"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“Very new apartment, well equipped. For the family, space enough.
Host responsed in time”"\n  - name: "Solomie"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very clean and all was like brand new, the location was greate with all the necessity's like grocery and restaurants coffee nearby, at the ground floor of the building you can find a market and a coffee shop.”"\n  - name: "Alessandro"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Excellent apartment in Vlora, cozy and comfortable, with all of the kitchen appliances and great beds/pillows.
It is 10 minutes walking from the sea promenade, there is a convenience store and a couple of bars just around the corner. Still it is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lions-apartments-vlora.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nA mere 1.8 km from the historic Independence Square and 2.8 km from the iconic Kuzum Baba, guests find themselves enveloped in the rich tapestry of Vlorë's history and culture. Each apartment is designed with the modern family in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that merge comfort with functionality. The allure of the private balcony invites guests to bask in the garden views, while the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a satellite flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of luxury to the stay.

Special attention has been given to create an allergen-free and soundproof environment, ensuring a peaceful and uninterrupted experience. The provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the apartment complex's commitment to comfort and convenience.

For those venturing from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport lies 150 km away, making Lion's Apartments Vlora an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers seeking the perfect blend of relaxation and exploration in Vlorë.