---\ntitle: "Liora's Place"\ndescription: "Liora's Place emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Korçë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459036591.jpg?k=b6c190715cfb21d790c1e22792596d04b3b5b2972b050af4c14133bb893d8d16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: liora-s-place\naddress: "11 Rruga Gaqo Koroveshi, Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6150275\n  lng: 20.7823066\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459036591.jpg?k=b6c190715cfb21d790c1e22792596d04b3b5b2972b050af4c14133bb893d8d16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459038466.jpg?k=f9e968b44b4ab0d5cc9ed689523d8ebf9e33db5560680abed8ee9087fca421ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459037574.jpg?k=db0b708c5c26a4a46bfd95775a7fcab64ef9eb4e93ede08b5ba82e7145e91a89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459037256.jpg?k=af9e3069a0f81f8ad1a4ecddb7322277d6857fce707b6cbe8ebaef024675322b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459037259.jpg?k=521e1ccb3d5bf7ba5a2bfd68700564804d9b328ab46359b8f9b3d0c5c4f02e15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459036958.jpg?k=7d577d652f63d78b8cc32ae6f2f2609eb81f22d28f850671af99dfc0c4c708be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490288254.jpg?k=170cc0181f51ce75243a34a09a3c6bfc81e9dd37acff790bc2fe5b3c9454b22f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459037253.jpg?k=3580965589c9e28de39d2938431a843500e7a3cb4329de347f7a501b87824fbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464005436.jpg?k=0815b4bedf714111ebc12819c32306d86e418bdc8ce43a89b9cf1f6e3dda8472&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (104 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Billiard Place 100 m"\n  - "Shtepia Voskopojane 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 100 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 400 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 400 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Frenki"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very good location, comfortable setup and very helpful host.”"\n  - name: "Sole"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good location, just a few steps from Cathedral and main boulevard.”"\n  - name: "Raihox"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Typical old albanian house with a lot of space and very clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lioras-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Liora's Place are treated to a garden that invites relaxation and contemplation. The accommodation itself boasts air-conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather outside. For those arriving by car, the convenience of private parking on-site is a notable perk, alongside complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected during their stay. Emphasizing a healthy living environment, the property maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

The apartment within Liora's Place is generously sized, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms that promise restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with an oven and microwave, alongside a washing machine, making it ideal for both short and extended stays. The inclusion of a bathroom with a shower, complemented by fresh towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience. Moreover, the charm of a fireplace enhances the ambiance, making it a cozy retreat during cooler evenings.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, Kastoria National Airport is conveniently located 71 km away, facilitating easy travel arrangements.

Liora's Place, with its thoughtful amenities and prime location, stands as a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility and convenience in Korçë.