---\ntitle: "Loft 2double Bed Stylish Apartment"\ndescription: "Loft 2Double Bed Stylish Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392331.jpg?k=538469912c188ff5478c0cda30ecf81be7c2ffea3b37eb3e87940582d612ee67&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: loft-2double-bed-stylish-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33192198\n  lng: 19.82109503\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392331.jpg?k=538469912c188ff5478c0cda30ecf81be7c2ffea3b37eb3e87940582d612ee67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392408.jpg?k=64381ef3b2ad05b00fb755710a51e914a9d0c735f5ccdf9a23547a76cf20cabf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392458.jpg?k=3d255cdd21d942e1b5099ec3c3ea6ff523ad4f1c49e19f5bce16210cc871ecd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392446.jpg?k=970bc375ca8898a3471a8e33b085591a32b0df3b3d52f74eda3167ea99a34a0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392430.jpg?k=388e471db38fe91497fc6c477892affc306a4a5a419eb6f9251a7edb34613ec7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392452.jpg?k=bed2d0952da4f1540a50ff6a9af4b3b2830e8d2b3b7226beb56763b27fe0d2fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392467.jpg?k=8bb4cef5322f5d6686011d87bc8e116577b53a8c044801f9c1793fd5fcd97c34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392391.jpg?k=25497b80575c9aa298f7834d1c50c714b37b63dc785bdf0246480941c7efaa4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484392395.jpg?k=f3749247b410c5a1bc8c9ab28ee451ceced1cfea184827a1f099e072e24a4676&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fratellis Fish House 50 m"\n  - "Pizza King (Hallall) 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Calvez"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Spacieux, propre et bien équipé Bonne communication avec le propriétaire”"\n  - name: "Caroline"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nettes Appartement mitten in der Stadt! Die Lage ist super! Alles ist schnell zu erreichen. Sehr netter Kontakt zu den Gastgebern!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/loft-stylish-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis chic apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive experience of city living with its modern amenities and thoughtful design. Guests are treated to a well-appointed space featuring one bedroom, a bathroom equipped with essentials, and a living area that opens up to a balcony showcasing captivating city views. The inclusion of air conditioning, free WiFi accessible throughout the apartment, and a flat-screen TV ensures that comfort and connectivity are never compromised.

For those who prefer to dine in, the fully equipped kitchen stands ready to facilitate everything from quick breakfasts to elaborate dinners. The provision of bed linen and towels adds an extra layer of convenience, making it an ideal setting for both short and extended stays.

Situated just 600 meters from Skanderbeg Square, the apartment is a stone's throw away from some of Tirana's most notable landmarks, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History, and the Toptani Shopping Centre. Its location promises an enriching exploration of the city's cultural and commercial hubs.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 14 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures for international guests. For those seeking a stylish, comfortable, and strategically located base in Tirana, Loft 2Double Bed Stylish Apartment stands out as an exceptional choice.