---\ntitle: "Loft Apartments"\ndescription: "Loft Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience, located just a short 600 meters from the pristine Saranda Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383155251.jpg?k=96a64300adb91c9715c09f8d95b9dc9ac054e2795416bb3dbd87227911e1afaf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: loft-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87538882\n  lng: 19.98623148\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383155251.jpg?k=96a64300adb91c9715c09f8d95b9dc9ac054e2795416bb3dbd87227911e1afaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456648.jpg?k=6a39a61095d93d27f4e7612df23fe78143ea557436404852e85ccb7b23c2cad0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456672.jpg?k=b2adb58e72d9df8124d9fd758f29853ebb499af537ee96f0708c7de337c1dfd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456653.jpg?k=add7db51a99ccc312b35ad33ebd0c50de21bb1b09f78d2ffb38c08926f08388e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456643.jpg?k=57007945ce476d887140ca88e50c84be893962e1326e52615120a24d02d30cee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456999.jpg?k=36b5bfd0b054992013041244a4bfb1baead8e40c49c1aed12e90e18a87f2ce4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383155306.jpg?k=3e8749fb83d0124b40bc5bcc409d35bdb22a3aaf8faedae9a19eeeba37fb5976&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456632.jpg?k=a51dbc0497bd5e15ba613a1c712dadf5032e85732a7aa05966b8472f680d17d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472456964.jpg?k=d182ad123f722548baf6df2f15f26658fb63ef685fc944f45c27ec2e30d4e013&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Leos Grill House 50 m"\n  - "Kozi Bistro 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 550 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Agnes"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The owners prents were really nice and they helped us with everything.
The apartment was very clean and comfortable, it is quite new. The bancony is spaceous, as well as the living room. You dont need to climb the stairs, its ground floored. It...”"\n  - name: "Miroslaw"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“W pobliżu jedna z najpiękniejszych plaż Sarandy, apartament jest 15 min od centrum ale jest cisza o spokój”"\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“Boa localização, cozinha equipada, quarto com ar condicionado e varanda. Também tinha um lindo jardim e gatinhos.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/loft-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each unit is air-conditioned, ensuring a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. Guests are treated to a range of modern amenities including free private parking and complimentary WiFi, making it an ideal spot for both leisure and business travelers.

The living spaces at Loft Apartments are designed to maximize comfort and convenience. Guests can enjoy the serene garden views from their private terrace or balcony, each equipped with outdoor furniture for a relaxing evening under the stars. Inside, the apartments boast a cable flat-screen TV, a well-equipped kitchen for those who prefer to cook their meals, and a private bathroom complete with a shower and hair dryer. Heating facilities are also available, ensuring a cozy stay regardless of the season.

For those looking to explore the area, Loft Apartments offers a car rental service, providing an easy way to discover the local sights and sounds. The property is ideally situated for beach lovers, with Sarande Main Beach less than 1 km away and Saranda City Beach just a 2.5 km drive. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the accommodation.

Loft Apartments presents a perfect blend of location, privacy, and amenities, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting the beautiful shores of Saranda.