---\ntitle: "LORD Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "LORD Hotel Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070594.jpg?k=59196770e249c4c08e90c74fb10570686e8fbac732b7b2c10f0eb6d2fe0ddbee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lord-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Nacionale Vore - Fushe Kruje, km 4, 1039 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.407988\n  lng: 19.680344\nprice: "US$64"\npriceFrom: 64\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1637\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070594.jpg?k=59196770e249c4c08e90c74fb10570686e8fbac732b7b2c10f0eb6d2fe0ddbee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070537.jpg?k=084d9d73ad049013c1f544abbb9dcda611a2b80dc0836aeb40f68f74e78f9745&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070516.jpg?k=7d7799f53bb4292d0f2159246cc8c4bbff366e95e4ff340197b4f0e7215c0762&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070583.jpg?k=bb713b08f467eb4b920441c44155537d47cf371bb089c7a607cd0099bc899c13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070512.jpg?k=251999dafed58016a3bfa4fafc0b5abafec5f00ca23b2daa4f04d4f1a4142e33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377070625.jpg?k=d6ef06bc0a56b5f9148ef07d8979ed892bd04fcf4794ef507ebcc1c967f1ab37&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 14 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 15 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 15 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 15 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 15 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 15 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 15 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 15 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 16 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 16 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lord Hotel & -Pizzeria at Autostation 30 m"\n  - "Ferma Lisat 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 12 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 3 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 92 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The staff were fantastic. Extremely friendly and happy to help with anything.
Loved the restaurant. Great selection of food. Huge, clean, luxurious bedroom with a very comfortable king size bed.
Could not be any happier with this hotel choice.”"\n  - name: "Maytham"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Excellent reception, facilities and location.
The services provided: hotel, car rental, excellent restaurant with an exceptional chef and service, fuel station, car rental, and shuttle service.
Professional receptionists and a welcoming...”"\n  - name: "Ibrahim"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Everything was amazing
. Stuff, amenities, sheets, furnitures, bathroom…
Breakfast was so fresh and delicious 🤩”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lord-hotel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nUpon entering, visitors are greeted by a welcoming shared lounge, complemented by the convenience of complimentary private parking. The hotel prides itself on its in-house restaurant and bar, where guests can savor a variety of culinary delights. For those requiring assistance at any hour, LORD Hotel Tirana ensures peace of mind with its 24-hour front desk service, alongside the added benefits of airport transfers, a delightful kids' club, and seamless access to free WiFi throughout the premises.

The guest rooms at LORD Hotel Tirana are thoughtfully appointed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room boasts a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a truly comfortable stay. The inclusion of a private bathroom, equipped with a shower and complimentary toiletries, adds to the convenience. Select rooms further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. Practical amenities such as a desk and kettle are standard, ensuring both leisure and business travelers find their stay both productive and relaxing.

For families, the hotel's children's playground stands out as a highlight, providing a safe and enjoyable space for younger guests to play and explore.

Situated a mere 23 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 19 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, LORD Hotel Tirana serves as an ideal base for those looking to discover the local attractions. Moreover, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 6 km away, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers.

In summary, LORD Hotel Tirana offers a harmonious blend of essential amenities and thoughtful touches, making it a compelling choice for those visiting the captivating city of Tirana.