---\ntitle: "Lot Boutique Hotel by Hotels and Preference"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Lot Boutique Hotel, a distinguished member of the Hotels and Preference collection."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309465946.jpg?k=f10213a1fe919037c997bf6847e70566f9c2e112a231d6c5b60746d7595c3925&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lot-boutique-hotel-by-hotels-and-preference\naddress: "Rr. Myrtezim Këlliçi 20,, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32838792\n  lng: 19.82283329\nprice: "US$79"\npriceFrom: 79\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 3208\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309465946.jpg?k=f10213a1fe919037c997bf6847e70566f9c2e112a231d6c5b60746d7595c3925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62798156.jpg?k=eef74e9ae68d7c5a71a1d2162e3f36def801cf144a7693eb6b480954be064175&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62799725.jpg?k=51cafdda7db55aa7ffa4e0020d44e8042fcdc0379a8da9f389833b9d60f1fa53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334833234.jpg?k=f0d9b797f01cad63553022b034934333e68782450ea18ef335c202444381d8f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309576500.jpg?k=975264739390f3ea024d36c3879f6d1218efc8df429b448efee3ee46e44eacce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62797297.jpg?k=45108abb2aade46a835d0dd608ab8e56311248e54ac4d4fb9b892d8483faa108&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rozafa 40 m"\n  - "Coffee Island 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Central location, the heart of the centre, close to restaurants, shops, and monuments. Parking at the hotel. Nice and warm atmosphere in the hotel. Fine and delicious breakfast. A place to come back!”"\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“great location, lovely room, excellent choice for breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Good location, not a big city, easy to walk around. It’s cosy, space is a premium.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lot-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAt the heart of the city, just a stone's throw from Skenderberg Square, the National Museum of History, and the Opera & Ballet Theatre, the Lot Boutique Hotel positions guests perfectly to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. With the convenience of being only 14 km from Tirana Airport, the journey from arrival to relaxation is seamless.

Accommodations at the Lot Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of calm, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and complimentary WiFi that extends throughout the property. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a cozy seating area, inviting guests to unwind in privacy. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where complimentary toiletries and a hair dryer are standard, underscoring the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Beyond the rooms, the hotel enhances the stay with convenient services such as a shuttle service available upon request and car hire, making local exploration both easy and enjoyable. The on-site bar presents an inviting atmosphere for guests to enjoy a drink and socialize, adding to the hotel's appeal as a place not just to stay, but to experience.

The Lot Boutique Hotel by Hotels and Preference is more than just a place to rest; it's a gateway to the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury to travelers seeking an unforgettable stay in one of Albania's most captivating cities.