---\ntitle: "Lovely apt.1-7"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at Lovely apt."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452160855.jpg?k=e02be98c56a0d850830f97d592097d7810411670e0d341db2a00cdead30c704e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apt-1-7\naddress: "Rruga Gani Strazimiri, 1012 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34444515\n  lng: 19.8264407\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452160855.jpg?k=e02be98c56a0d850830f97d592097d7810411670e0d341db2a00cdead30c704e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459219578.jpg?k=4bd73e2e239b030981945ee5c0938a6e9431a1b982515086f3aa7a3f2cc040f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452160886.jpg?k=75f46899806fc047baf01bed2ef4ddbb8b6bba6f81c829ca64933448d966128e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455481867.jpg?k=d10c74a3e17caec2b6823a7e0603425ec965ce4b9022f3a6e9afdfc204065e2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455481276.jpg?k=b36613bf1495f16eee2d3e601228b31a320eec7e4d35959f8af5ebd87feddb01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485756972.jpg?k=bf477acc45b42d22bc922352c7b611a3239e344ef621db1c89f069bb8d2cfa26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455481275.jpg?k=eec10ef5f234468aaa1c93e918adeb8ca83091d3c84f9e37e21ddfc183fb6a91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459219577.jpg?k=ab110c452f76b14678ce18b45a78c8e5e1edcd2090eb2dbcf966324c7783871c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452160880.jpg?k=7ee2ab9f5ecd77e125864d795f95b3cb9e1d7a78f63bbfddbd9b22a7809d9bdb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\n  - "Vila 5 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apt-1-7.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nPositioned merely 4.3 km from the breathtaking views offered by the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Lovely apt.1-7 serves as an ideal base for both adventure seekers and history enthusiasts. The Rock of Kavaje, a natural marvel, is also within a manageable 44 km, making it a perfect day trip destination.

Cultural aficionados will appreciate the apartment's proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, located 2 km and 2.5 km away, respectively. For those who enjoy a bit of retail therapy, the Toptani Shopping Centre is just 2.7 km away, offering a variety of shopping options.

Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with the apartment's air-conditioned spaces, featuring a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are also met with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring a relaxing evening after a day of exploration. Importantly, the entire property is a non-smoking zone, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, allowing guests to easily plan their next day's adventures or share their experiences with loved ones back home. For those looking to explore the local area, Skanderbeg Square is just 3.4 km away, offering a glimpse into the heart of Tirana's public life.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tanners' Bridge and the Clock Tower of Tirana both within a 3 km radius. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Lovely apt.1-7 stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Tirana.