---\ntitle: "Lovely 1 bedroom apartment near Eye of Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Lovely 1-bedroom apartment near Eye of Tirana, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366490143.jpg?k=34228b39c63fca985fc785b310e9feb45c6f6dd9c18885ce936fc9815ad43a8c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-1-bedroom-apartment-near-eye-of-tirana\naddress: "13 Rruga Mine Peza, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33003131\n  lng: 19.81399633\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366490143.jpg?k=34228b39c63fca985fc785b310e9feb45c6f6dd9c18885ce936fc9815ad43a8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366490447.jpg?k=2e5ddef898304d27de8ee5e1127e37ad3c0243289faecc0e5dec98f57577bc2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366654115.jpg?k=790b4d09069867a194510007b0d6e41040505f85ee7ff10071325a3c54413889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521058521.jpg?k=fbd7ad97fff2450ad632e5938921c493e4af5efe4930dff5af20c62597267695&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366490279.jpg?k=1e68fa1b510f84f4ce06715ee1792567485d36c9620efa7517ff75c1d4473c5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366653923.jpg?k=1c7060561e725e2c3b3ebbe6dd4ea21ef79399a2a8ff634473b1a8be07c34bfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366491511.jpg?k=d02e813e525a57c8f3fc9b68b69a517732f8622eba9f93f0aa4aa3fbf9f9204f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521059280.jpg?k=f5fc790150c3000ab28336412eab2a8ed3df3d0846dd5dfe371edad926e015ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521059186.jpg?k=eec93e179eab831bb30fddb8eb5e8084fd7e71e192fab17138df04d1392c1819&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (99 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Palmyra 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food Stop & Go 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Manon"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect !! The flat is so nice, really cosy and near the main square !”"\n  - name: "Muhammad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is located in the center of Tirana. Just few minutes walk to Sikanderbeg Square. A lot of good restaurants are available nearby by the apartment. The apartment building looks like of socialist time and quite old however inside...”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Singapore"\n    text: "“Great place to stay conveniently located just a few mins walk from both the bus station and the main square. Theres also a supermarket around the corner and local shops selling veggies. Basically everything you need..
The owner was very friendly...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-1-bedroom-apartment-near-eye-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests of this apartment are treated to the luxury of private parking on the premises and the convenience of complimentary WiFi, ensuring a seamless stay from start to finish. For those arriving from afar, the added benefit of airport transfer services and the option for car rental services directly from the accommodation make exploring Tirana an effortless endeavor.

The apartment itself is a haven of modern living, boasting a spacious living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for those leisurely evenings in. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, coming fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a bathroom complete with a hairdryer, alongside provided towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. It's worth noting, the property maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a fresh and welcoming environment for all.

For those looking to add a splash of fun to their stay, the apartment offers access to a water park, promising delightful moments for guests of all ages. 

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, the National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for those eager to immerse themselves in the local heritage and culture.

Located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the Lovely 1-bedroom apartment near Eye of Tirana represents a perfect blend of accessibility, comfort, and local exploration, making it a top recommendation for travelers to this vibrant city.