---\ntitle: "Lovely and quite appartament 1-3 b"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Lovely and Quite Apartment 1-3 b, a serene oasis located strategically within the city's vibrant heart."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460076001.jpg?k=588b867c47e0f189ddcf9cc4e9de47e882301ad7c07ad63d2c585485d1dc2983&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-and-quite-appartament-1-3-b\naddress: "Rruga 5 Maji, 1012 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3431797\n  lng: 19.8256789\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460076001.jpg?k=588b867c47e0f189ddcf9cc4e9de47e882301ad7c07ad63d2c585485d1dc2983&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460684002.jpg?k=93432ae1d86a93ac52288d724ca7bd3b1c3994dbb2a63de1b170a2f1ff096bab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466945926.jpg?k=b8aa5bedbf12d0a541552cb6a3de0aeee552f67e3d22658d9dce306c5d7a6384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462253449.jpg?k=d2c3adc882cb72f92a683667cbcedb798dc043bd7bf0722fc01bd15582b698b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460077013.jpg?k=d7b02ae28df693e5877416b77847a6d9a991fcf1ba40d99d75e380731051d506&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485756492.jpg?k=9cbfeda145dc5ad154b93adeec85dc34ac1328ffccce845d63683ffd840fe28f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462253450.jpg?k=762de456c4bec2246876203211f02763abc14e4da2e01d6056ad1080073e94e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462257456.jpg?k=9e9808a6317d6763a55cf6cb5cf070c7d003df97ffa0069c7b44cf093f481ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460076000.jpg?k=c10edb602130a83e2adf2b17ef8fbafdf379366c6b852efa39ddbe3f9c8dccd3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 150 m"\n  - "Byrektore 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Colombia"\n    text: "“Has separate kitchen to room е It has good light and darkness if you prefer,”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apprt-4-1-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, the apartment is a short distance from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views just 4 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 3 km from the doorstep. For those keen on exploring the cultural fabric of Tirana, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania are within a 1.9 km radius, promising an enriching experience. Moreover, the Rock of Kavaje, a natural marvel, is accessible at 43 km for a day trip adventure.

The apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring a single bedroom that promises restful nights. The living space is complemented by a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals at their leisure. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring relaxation after a day of exploration. The inclusion of air conditioning throughout the apartment guarantees a comfortable stay regardless of the season.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi available throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. The proximity to Skanderbeg Square, just 1.9 km away, places guests in the heart of Tirana's bustling activity, while the Toptani Shopping Centre, 2 km from the apartment, offers a diverse shopping experience. For those intrigued by historical architecture, Tanners' Bridge, 2.3 km away, is a must-visit.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 14 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Lovely and Quite Apartment 1-3 b stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural and natural attractions.