---\ntitle: "Lovely one-bedroom apartment with private entrance"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Lovely one-bedroom apartment, a gem that offers guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520394.jpg?k=e8db78503783c88727b93ce5098ca7aa17ebae422f12e08e13d41ffa43212feb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-one-bedroom-apartment-with-private-entrance\naddress: "Rruga Ali Demi, Godina 2, Apartamenti 6, perballe shkolles \"Kushtrimi Lirise\", 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33039928\n  lng: 19.839153\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520394.jpg?k=e8db78503783c88727b93ce5098ca7aa17ebae422f12e08e13d41ffa43212feb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520469.jpg?k=a8a8f2824d0b9529f512efd74198bdb8921aa25ce2f3741258273aa0da11fcef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520494.jpg?k=a864bea8496d714a57112e01e68add1d0dd04efa603a28a1041e2863a36645ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520480.jpg?k=ae72b6b5fe7ec5139b537a38933fbca7576c1359ef21415e71147bce5e6e7f8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520491.jpg?k=9d8e2f4df2f5cfe59fae46bee811f14073e77156d9b95ecba8e173e8128b1c5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520473.jpg?k=c1f511dad42f06bd2c0169ff93a28aa4a55f41ba6413f365b5ade5d0a47a0872&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520482.jpg?k=19173e879f6dd00294c2b98923b28d94aa776118a1b6c7410304bb1596a3a2e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520506.jpg?k=c7960276ac70df20548593e98cf666c5bef0a4b1ea50412f32f12daaacfec224&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373520498.jpg?k=7bfb243cc72cc658d38fec43e54c4b98407f3eaa157c1a8961ac9ddcebabe56c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (53 Mbps)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Lounge Ristorante Italiano 200 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Deseo 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Radosław"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment is beautiful, has all you need and more. The area is not touristy, which I like. While you're in this area try Spago restaurant.”"\n  - name: "Sindi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This was one of the best places I've stayed at in Tirana. The apartment is very spacious, clean and as soon as you walk in you get a homey feeling. Everything you could possibly need during your stay is already in the apartment. Would absolutely...”"\n  - name: "Abigail"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The place was spotless and really lovely. Everything you needed inside, towels, bedding, shampoos etc.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-one-bedroom-apartment-with-private-entrance-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The kitchenette is thoughtfully equipped with a microwave and toaster, catering to all your culinary needs. For those who appreciate the finer details, towels and bed linen are meticulously provided, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

Situated just 2.5 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, guests are in the perfect spot to immerse themselves in the local culture. The apartment is also conveniently located near several popular attractions, including the Bektashi World Centre, Tanners' Bridge, and Saint Paul Cathedral, making it an ideal base for exploration. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 17 km away, ensuring easy access to and from the property.

The Lovely one-bedroom apartment stands out as a top choice for those seeking a comfortable, well-located, and private accommodation in Tirana.