---\ntitle: "Lovely and quite apt."\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the Lovely and Quite Apartment, a serene haven located strategically to offer both tranquility and easy access to the city's most coveted attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473050411.jpg?k=57bfc335a89364fd0f2ae87daab91a7d3f5098c34eb9d9e23a52b0b0e7db5ace&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-and-quite-apt\naddress: "Gani strazimiri nd.68.h.1.njesia administrativenr.4.njesia bashkiake nr.4.1012 tirane, 1012 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34430271\n  lng: 19.82622887\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473050411.jpg?k=57bfc335a89364fd0f2ae87daab91a7d3f5098c34eb9d9e23a52b0b0e7db5ace&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473196119.jpg?k=19d3f279bbb4ac15b9d4cb5cd3f9d848a27943169eeada2e0a0d473dab8aa202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473195785.jpg?k=4964ebb88f0ff39f633abf81808b265bab5327047bd176ebb2dff4aa7dbcb0b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473196124.jpg?k=05dd31d25e0960f9275e975a20fbf154ea5502e9398d6c4febb2bcfc56920204&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473195777.jpg?k=f8d58f28a5361acaa411b91da07cdecfea50c5f2af97b4b6d0a7fd76dc55955f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492951000.jpg?k=d7f51bbf6fa29c470e6d83bc353f078207173d452cd43b13a989de7c839200ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492951056.jpg?k=98376ccfbcb9dc963179b52839b7dc8622491c5911402ffbc4d8fbf49d5dd069&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473196121.jpg?k=3e6c4964d642aed1a66fb08ee3c5dedad048c7c1ae8bb7fac25837f873bf2d49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473050314.jpg?k=3955d13aa8348bc61f987261c5ebc007f28b3ee945efdf4b27d1757593b62cff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\n  - "Vila 5 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amélie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Very friendly owner, helpful and accommodating. Good location with small shops and bars nearby!
Comfortable bed and aircon 👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-and-quite-apt-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is conveniently positioned within a 43 km radius of the Rock of Kavaje, promising an easy getaway to one of Albania's natural wonders. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, located 1.8 km and 2 km away, respectively, making it effortless to immerse in the country's rich heritage. Moreover, the iconic Skanderbeg Square is a mere 3 km away, ensuring guests are never far from the heart of Tirana's vibrant life.

Guests are welcomed into a space designed for comfort and convenience, featuring a cozy bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a fridge. The inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The bathroom is well-appointed with a bath, catering to relaxation needs. Emphasizing a healthy living environment, the apartment is a strictly non-smoking space.

For those looking to explore local shopping scenes, the Toptani Shopping Centre is just 2.2 km away, offering a variety of shopping options. The historic Tanners' Bridge, an emblem of Tirana's past, is 2.5 km from the apartment, inviting guests to step back in time. Travel logistics are simplified with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 14 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

With free WiFi available throughout the property, guests at the Lovely and Quite Apartment are assured of staying connected, whether for leisure or work. This apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.