---\ntitle: "Lovely spacious house with big garden"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Elbasan with a stay at the Lovely Spacious House with Big Garden, a serene retreat located just a short drive from the bustling heart of Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066549.jpg?k=04e595543768bb832506d48537567247de6084f48fa30cd60c4ae44c0f073dee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-spacious-house-with-big-garden\naddress: "Rruga Vasil Llapushi, 3001 Elbasan, Albania"\ncity: "Elbasan"\nlocation: "Elbasan"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.10235126\n  lng: 20.0787966\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066549.jpg?k=04e595543768bb832506d48537567247de6084f48fa30cd60c4ae44c0f073dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066540.jpg?k=52d8e5ebacf8b2e55ee0f63275ca88bec6dfc7efe5a9ee40c885b50b0a60286a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405283402.jpg?k=caf4d0b18adcb74eae1425fb7a43f012fce437fcd2bbc0167ffedcae8106b94c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066542.jpg?k=36f3366f75d80fac84e14e38482ced32683ed8537c07963958aa42570f4d4e47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066546.jpg?k=3b42f2472a18f0d89b4d4dc4c25744768911c924f8b69ee155e743af87b5dfc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387006155.jpg?k=50693476869b4f311c6c19fec242a72cd531472fe9acd681ab550677c3d2bbe7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066541.jpg?k=2690dce0286c7c4ade311f0bfd6e2ae5e5fcb240a8ff9c855db921c8a663dcce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390066543.jpg?k=28d1e32d3ce246dd6bf68e2de53d9a1470982d31a6eff9d130a981d470fce6ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433349924.jpg?k=1c1e99c5493aacc4a750f867747dc6d0eb7029948a394d262644d54ea627f636&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore te Marjani 550 m"\n  - "Grand Hotel 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 44 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peterh_oz"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very comfortable, good WiFi. Parking on site inside the gate/yard tho it's a tight squeeze through the gate if you have a big car - on street is an easy alternative and no issues. Host was lovely.”"\n  - name: "Van"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very comfortable house with nice garden. At walking distance of Elbasan centre. The hosts were very kind and welcoming. We had a great stay.”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The rooms were cleaned and big. The hosts were hospitable. Also, the garden around the house was nice. Even though some confusion occured before the arrival, the host remained professional in the communication.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-spacious-house-with-big-garden.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nPositioned a mere 39 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a stone's throw away from the exhilarating Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, this property offers a perfect blend of relaxation and adventure. The non-smoking residence is a haven of comfort, featuring air-conditioning for those warm Albanian afternoons, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a washing machine adds a touch of home, while the bathroom, complete with a bidet, bath, and shower, promises a refreshing start or end to any day.

Privacy is paramount at this holiday home, with a private entrance that allows guests to come and go as they please. The garden invites visitors to unwind in a peaceful setting, creating an ideal backdrop for relaxation or contemplation.

For those looking to explore, the Grand Park of Tirana and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument are both located just 39 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history and natural beauty. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 52 km away, the Lovely Spacious House with Big Garden is not only a gateway to exploring Elbasan but also a convenient starting point for broader adventures in Albania.