---\ntitle: "Lovely 2 bedroom apartment with a great sea view"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Sarandë from the comfort of the Lovely 2 Bedroom Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both city and sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378835282.jpg?k=d55b8c84fbbde7318ee45ebc476d134de99f06299a67098292492156eb373493&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-2-bedroom-apartment-with-a-great-sea-view\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86502718\n  lng: 20.01972544\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 6.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378835282.jpg?k=d55b8c84fbbde7318ee45ebc476d134de99f06299a67098292492156eb373493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475653564.jpg?k=a3d44b69229f6d111d2ea0b1e16e8983c8beeca7498d0b61569159fa26e7ad5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475653449.jpg?k=3a834eb66254fbd32dbdf748df36076181916ddc59b8be57b9c49bdac751eff6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462836386.jpg?k=d1e33c9ba108fd33277be76c89680754cb939b5d1e5e7a4e922a1736c1c053e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462839451.jpg?k=3fe361446a0c3c9a352f36b4154da783a1b22b06c8c90366002b216269e17bea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462839452.jpg?k=0527882c5f77c00b90d1a56d7bf68445965cea3267aff760364c52086a51bb23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462836403.jpg?k=05a987be210c98f62c5178d710da8949db9e3f959ea946fcf42253c9fa4a0dda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378835123.jpg?k=75288bcf2f0d9c9e736f4be433a5a88841e11d45b38c51835292326765a8eb52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382492141.jpg?k=96956a2e180cb92aba75e91132293719c04ef9fb402dbbc1e8555308e3ebca48&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rixhi 150 m"\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 650 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nicolini"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Hôte très attentionné, réactif, serviable. Appartement spacieux, avec belle vue , propre et stationnements faciles”"\n  - name: "Marianne"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Veldig fin og stor leilighet med en fantastisk utsikt fra verandaen. Velutstyrt. Pluss at det var internett og Netflix. Huseier fulgte oss opp underveis og svarte raskt på spørsmål.”"\n  - name: "Mariona"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The host was impeccable! Quick response for every question we had. Trust-worthy! We made sure our stay was perfect! really happy with his service.
The apartment was very clean and had great views! Easy to park the car.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panorama-view-sarande1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a prime location; it offers a spacious living environment complete with a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and fridge. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a walk-in shower, enhances the living experience, ensuring ample space and privacy for all guests. Modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, a washing machine, and a hairdryer are thoughtfully provided, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler. Moreover, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, promising a peaceful and comfortable stay.

For those arriving by car, the added perk of complimentary on-site parking, along with free WiFi, ensures that every aspect of your stay is as hassle-free as possible. And for the explorers eager to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of Albania, Butrint National Park awaits just 15 km away, offering a perfect day trip opportunity.

Located 95 km from Ioannina Airport, the Lovely 2 Bedroom Apartment stands as a testament to the beauty and allure of Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for those seeking a memorable stay by the sea.