---\ntitle: "Lovely Apartment in heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the Lovely Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and tranquility in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689751.jpg?k=6683e71c71f8caa40a97b17797d1fc4455ffdaf1e0bc7ae39495377bb2073943&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apartment-in-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Musa Maci, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33219637\n  lng: 19.82557487\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689751.jpg?k=6683e71c71f8caa40a97b17797d1fc4455ffdaf1e0bc7ae39495377bb2073943&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445440717.jpg?k=f866f42e82064fea2727e59973fbd5840252fb6f7be29fb1cdff6d281702d2fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689786.jpg?k=9299b57c778bfa508717c9e086f4dee3a90231705826c4912bdc0405612d7065&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689796.jpg?k=b55c23a720fcb84c3db4b9ad805fd29e487c6723a4d650e0df4bc0a3d2cd4b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445520929.jpg?k=e0a570ec6ca97ab7f2ab08a317f322fffd56ab79bf021ed24a19b7e325a9b39e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445440534.jpg?k=8723a7ed0dc1b156b3b74c343d78c04ac1451eb9bbae82bc527046accb5c0bc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689790.jpg?k=6b59ac20b86f349461acaeba938ac6d262a6b28a0775f3890bcfea8b9e82ebb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689801.jpg?k=4b4d8147af41d1128ec91e88e2a62079f3e364f66f9cfec0ef8a4cf61c848762&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400689802.jpg?k=246b405875f97982c69bd3c547b468b84da7129db0060d70ac2993ad1867d7c3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylli Hidri Soni Fish 100 m"\n  - "Vinoteke 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hans"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment in the center of Tirana on the fifth floor but with a lift. Everything was perfect and the communication was easy.”"\n  - name: "Patrik"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The location was perfect right in the city center near everything! Clean, spacious and just very nice.”"\n  - name: "Atakan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Room has a view with balcony.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-3-bedroom-apartment-in-heart-of-tirana-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe Lovely Apartment is a haven of space and light, boasting three well-appointed bedrooms, a living area designed for relaxation, and a balcony that offers picturesque city views. Guests will appreciate the modern amenities that adorn the apartment, including a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and a contemporary bathroom complete with a bidet. The inclusion of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay, while the apartment's soundproofing and private entrance offer an oasis of privacy amidst the hustle and bustle of the city.

Situated conveniently close to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring Tirana's rich cultural landscape. Shopping enthusiasts and culture vultures alike will delight in the proximity to Toptani Shopping Centre and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, promising a blend of retail therapy and artistic indulgence.

For those venturing further afield, the Rock of Kavaje is within easy reach, offering a unique excursion opportunity. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, making the Lovely Apartment an accessible retreat for international travelers.

With free WiFi available throughout the property and the convenience of an elevator, guests are assured a seamless and connected stay. Whether visiting for leisure or business, the Lovely Apartment in the heart of Tirana stands as a testament to the city's welcoming spirit and the comfort of modern accommodations.