---\ntitle: "Lovely apartament near the beach"\ndescription: "Lovely Apartment Near the Beach emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823717.jpg?k=f9c8deb9d825cb99fcf67032d8b61f0f17b3bbfd802317bb612d4f2d8edc4575&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apartament-near-the-beach\naddress: "Rruga Golem, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25146781\n  lng: 19.52233481\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823717.jpg?k=f9c8deb9d825cb99fcf67032d8b61f0f17b3bbfd802317bb612d4f2d8edc4575&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823839.jpg?k=06487ec3d0f88413437b1153a0f0454cc560c5f2e9a177f7378047f9d8bd04da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823742.jpg?k=2c28abc9b3ec2762d81b0891a99694a4d3572456e2e2473c377860e50e12bfd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823816.jpg?k=fa035bdee1f3ed54d1e9efff48ff08c2f344e797c1609c4cbcfab80c8378474d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823810.jpg?k=21f5ff5ccc94d75f7910210848f8a0f1a8101c39ab748bab1bff56752eeb6a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823766.jpg?k=c73e332e3daeaf6cbede50016f97bd3e39d193cbf4651110bb0211988eb97ef7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823777.jpg?k=aeb7689fff1b84ac5451fa1a53ff1c92605683b9cdd97f41acf387411e5c23ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823769.jpg?k=402d6111a3ac7d22921f625937840d65a765072ca405dbffa4049538bd027f5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370823846.jpg?k=4e1fc82daf1bf19ce384ea799023dd7559b8039195330024d0040efb8103e5be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kleant 100 m"\n  - "Pashtriku 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 450 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adem"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr gute Lage, ruhig, kein 5 Minuten von Strand entfernt”"\n  - name: "Lieke"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Heel fijn appartement op paar minuten van het strand. Alles aanwezig, schoon en comfortabel. De eigenaar had vast flesjes koud water en ice tea klaargezet.”"\n  - name: "Almir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Apartment is cosy and tidy. Have everything needed to take care for the family with kids. Cooking and cleaning necessaries are available. Passive and active thermo protection are in good condition. Warm water and air conditioning acailable all tge...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apartament-near-the-beach-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers serene garden views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that comes complete with modern appliances including an oven and a toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of guests. Notably, the apartment also offers views of the inner courtyard, enhancing the sense of tranquility.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the apartment complex features a picnic area, perfect for enjoying a day under the sky. The proximity to Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, just 1.7 km away, and the historical Skanderbeg Square, 46 km distant, provides ample opportunity for exploration and enjoyment. Additionally, the convenience of being 41 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Lovely Apartment Near the Beach an attractive option for both domestic and international travelers.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a peaceful stay, Lovely Apartment Near the Beach is an excellent choice for those looking to experience the beauty and charm of Golem.