---\ntitle: "Lovely apartment with sea view in Saranda"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Sarandë from the comfort of the Lovely apartment with sea view in Saranda, a recently renovated gem that boasts not only breathtaking views but also a host of modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369685512.jpg?k=7faea1c08f66da539a3fe467312cc24422c14c512ae7cca660140b799fbe8d6f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apartment-with-sea-view-in-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8780718\n  lng: 19.98333136\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369685512.jpg?k=7faea1c08f66da539a3fe467312cc24422c14c512ae7cca660140b799fbe8d6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369687405.jpg?k=f9caaab8b82e54d3376e5e924290a3bb516c04b7e1422b51ec8eebd912cb4b14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364442525.jpg?k=146170b1da86e4a889a9832fb2fbd00a0dd5fd0b8a1efba2e275a484de5004a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369685791.jpg?k=bdacdd3a4dea3e05a9f1d10c65881e2c6c0133dbedec174f8a3dc6252cf0a15d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369685558.jpg?k=4fbabb2e409e753dda4fbfe28448d51df25dc0eab0362e85c4336a7f8c5a70a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364442534.jpg?k=966a9db83c7c1f07468041d253f516831e634cbb42d867209b281e0a93b4d534&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364442514.jpg?k=4f8f1cf36fd8858d4f3a8e9a913e38ce22f3a371410ca2174bd1a3260ac0dd4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364442475.jpg?k=1eeb44b2015297db2fc948c88dc8970d80993c138cdc84641b9b04c9f09c2cc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477920494.jpg?k=e3790f40e94e448b03ec250ac487e14febd18c391cd5a605e1782c9d0d3cc681&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (72 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kozi Bistro 200 m"\n  - "Leos Grill House 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 200 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 950 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A nice and modern apartment with a spacious terrace. Beautiful view over the sea. Calm neigbourhood, but close to some markets AMD shops. Great contact with the host. Really good quality for the reasonable price. Totally recommended!”"\n  - name: "Harald"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Rustige buurt, mooi uitzicht, vriendelijke en attente host.”"\n  - name: "Castigliego"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento molto bello con un terrazzo fantastico, in una zona tranquilla e con una bellissima spiaggia privata a pochi metri dalla struttura. L'host è stato gentilissimo e super disponibile per qualsiasi cosa.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apartament-with-sea-view-in-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a fully equipped kitchen for home-cooked meals, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The attention to detail extends to the private bathroom, which comes with a bath, slippers, and a hair dryer, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Privacy and ease are paramount, as evidenced by the private entrance to all units, alongside practical amenities like a fridge.

Situated a mere 300 meters from Saranda Bay Beach and 1.3 km from Sarande Main Beach, the location is ideal for beach enthusiasts looking to soak up the sun or dive into the crystal-clear waters of the Ionian Sea. For those looking to explore further, the Ioannina Airport is 99 km away, making the Lovely apartment with sea view in Saranda an excellent base for both local and regional adventures.

This property is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and natural beauty of Sarandë, making it a perfect choice for families and travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic views.