---\ntitle: "Lovely 2-bedroom rental apartment in Tirana center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Lovely 2-bedroom rental apartment, perfectly positioned just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986480.jpg?k=eb47f606b859078242693e57323dcb73ef901756e709f12816c3b6efdb2c2901&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-2-bedroom-rental-apartment-in-tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga Themistokli Gërmenji 5, Apartment 12, 1011 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32103989\n  lng: 19.8253869\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986480.jpg?k=eb47f606b859078242693e57323dcb73ef901756e709f12816c3b6efdb2c2901&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986504.jpg?k=18bf64b9b873ae0debf92c452d2ddcf8299cf0cb08e3aab940d5110c259fc578&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986505.jpg?k=25eec34ec42ae4d91daf2031d688b3784fd00f46e5df8f451f0bca465c18dd7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986497.jpg?k=0728733f9ca470e661c3c4f35d6c7a40b4a900a05d8d8b80b01a12f57fcf3ebd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986499.jpg?k=82cb56100df8f2daa40a547fcda6ec21a863009b321352e32149cfd6e2c0105f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986495.jpg?k=05aa67c25f1dcdd4d3c13235237bdfa7d06013a2ebf83e73a6517a7d0247db42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986517.jpg?k=0d079c10fa054aebd7bfa363da22f271c31e3572072044f6c79b635976475be7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986509.jpg?k=ed73f1f4f98ccd7b975e576b763e3df3640f73dcb23375bae2a4bb1dcd45a8f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497986492.jpg?k=db6dcfa90cfde46b225708981ce3aa77e0fc9b7436ce1cbe3a6430b74408943d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Guilty 20 m"\n  - "Unlimited Soul 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-2-bedroom-rental-apartment-in-tirana-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis exquisite apartment offers a haven of space and comfort, featuring air-conditioned interiors that open up to a serene balcony. Guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi throughout their stay, ensuring they remain connected and entertained. The inclusion of a lift adds an extra layer of convenience, particularly for those with heavy luggage or mobility concerns.

Accommodation in this delightful apartment includes a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. With two bathrooms stocked with essentials such as a hair dryer, towels, and bed linen, comfort and convenience are guaranteed.

Situated less than 1 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a short drive from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests are perfectly placed to explore the rich history and natural beauty of Tirana. For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje is 46 km away, offering an excellent day trip opportunity.

The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 17 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible for international and domestic travelers alike.

For those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a prime location in Tirana, the Lovely 2-bedroom rental apartment is an exceptional choice that promises an unforgettable stay in the heart of this dynamic city.