---\ntitle: "Lovely apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Lovely Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502339088.jpg?k=f9f339bfa208535b7a3e07639841c2e13e9d2019d4d538487fa96f3d7d2e643c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Ishmi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32688165\n  lng: 19.82780914\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502339088.jpg?k=f9f339bfa208535b7a3e07639841c2e13e9d2019d4d538487fa96f3d7d2e643c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497234850.jpg?k=c2055d81ba6155bd5003659d22bfd07345c0d375baede0308487c9051e58464e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497234832.jpg?k=6a54657957a918a65fd9a1968df0c878940908bcd2f596df71ca19984537933e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497234858.jpg?k=9baff69645df48646574b719b14f38f7465a330f257b68d4f2f33f6802241e99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495448529.jpg?k=6fd0ea39d575a87c01961b49b3ce5f41881642a08c0719cba8842c247a66d2e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497234870.jpg?k=35085eaf4b50ed4014f9b799372e5a20f7461078e8775c2f0bd629d3b0300e5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495448528.jpg?k=50aaa04b8dfb5dbb4dddcc633c0056358b62abab2264513dffe326c09d77f5d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497234853.jpg?k=fb1bd6378d2395e19a04e10e1d1d9d1ce0935ae04b1900e0ec249ab6e9909f6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502338673.jpg?k=99316bde6d3d0fb1b5868350c45c21ca5137e40441b31d63c86c722177ae6f5a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (101 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 60 100 m"\n  - "Erlin bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giorgia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is close to the city center, around 10 minutes walking. It is fully equipped and the owners are kind and always available to help :)”"\n  - name: "Joanne"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful little flat with a balcony, good communication with the owner, lovely stay thank you.”"\n  - name: "Solange"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“O apartamento era muito confortável e arejado. A mobília era toda super nova e de bom gosto. Televisão e wifi perfeitos.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apartment-in-tirana-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, boasting an air-conditioned space that includes a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen with all the essentials such as a fridge and minibar, and a pristine bathroom. For entertainment and relaxation, guests can enjoy a flat-screen TV, with the added convenience of complimentary bed linen, towels, and housekeeping services enhancing the stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests are treated to complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, making it effortless to plan day trips or navigate the city. For those looking to explore Tirana on two wheels or require airport transfers, the apartment offers both bicycle rental services and airport shuttle arrangements.

Adding to the charm of Lovely Apartment Tirana is its array of on-site amenities. A snack bar provides quick bites for those on the go, while a nearby minimarket caters to guests' everyday needs. The apartment complex also boasts a picturesque picnic area, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely days outdoors amidst the city's bustling backdrop.

For adventurers and culture enthusiasts, the surrounding area is a treasure trove of experiences, popular for walking and bike tours. Car hire services are readily available for those wishing to venture further. Notable nearby attractions include the serene Saint Paul Cathedral, the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, all ensuring that guests have a plethora of options for entertainment and exploration.

Located a convenient 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Lovely Apartment Tirana serves as an ideal base for both short-term visitors and long-term explorers looking to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural, historical, and modern attractions.