---\ntitle: "Lovely Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Lovely Sea View Apartment stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, located just a short stroll from Vjetër Beach and within easy reach of Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367509861.jpg?k=0131302f31589b735b00f268149790e5753c0a36c65446a09f7fd855e82474f7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rr. Kosova, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45470019\n  lng: 19.48301197\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367509861.jpg?k=0131302f31589b735b00f268149790e5753c0a36c65446a09f7fd855e82474f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367507930.jpg?k=5b6ebd2204d3157da93ca86348ee932bac716dcf590213078fd19409bdfcb295&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367508622.jpg?k=19fcd96de6ce06020b2b2718ac7fba274b749adfa6a633a2f115fc56961f1d48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367507047.jpg?k=a1f37d14755e14807185dee7349f606008fe6998545d1527371f09a668bf1c20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367506808.jpg?k=720ce4248bf939bada92f8c0152f0d056b2c1a52f120a6b94cee872b6150ee7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389973704.jpg?k=219163f336f0228980aee617747df81932fde2052c5189703fd9bf6d6913f666&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367506957.jpg?k=e50b786a01338aa4b591907ee84a4b4f60a830d19df02dd8bc15740977803540&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367507270.jpg?k=e04b4ab4f0a5ff6e16388e02db2b544f5692c4ac667ba5cae51e92761a29661f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424131355.jpg?k=c838209e5632ad0a8355706b26adc9188f4fae4a23262c59ad235a47aedad102&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Argelon 30 m"\n  - "El Dorado Street Food 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gergo"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“- very clean
- modern
- comfortable
- spacious apartment”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“To host, Ljudan, was absolutely great person: always available, very helpful and kind. He answered on all my questions both about the city and other stuff. The apartatament was moder & clean and located in excellent place. Totally highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Aybeyan"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“It's a brand new apartment with every thoughtful detail and has a great location and ambiance. The owner of the apartment is very hospitable. The breakfasts we ate on the balcony overlooking the sea were unforgettable. We had a dream vacation that...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-sea-view-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring a balcony that promises serene mornings and tranquil evenings overlooking the sea. It is thoughtfully designed with a separate bedroom, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with an oven, catering to all the needs of its guests. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have all the comforts of home at their fingertips.

Adding to the appeal, Lovely Sea View Apartment ensures guest privacy with a dedicated entrance, making it a perfect retreat for those looking to escape the hustle and bustle. Its strategic location not only places it within a stone's throw from the beach but also a mere 2.3 km from Independence Square and 2.8 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the city's rich cultural heritage.

For those venturing from afar, the accommodation is conveniently situated 150 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it accessible for international travelers. With its combination of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a peaceful stay, Lovely Sea View Apartment is a standout option for anyone visiting Vlorë.