---\ntitle: "Lovely and quite appartament 1-3 a"\ndescription: "Lovely and Quite Apartment 1-3 a stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience for travelers exploring the vibrant city of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516914.jpg?k=b96fc7a12ff3ae3a3b4b8fd0ca42ff2c36d1c593e8c02eefd3ef9a5cfe4a303b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-and-quite-appartament-1-3-a\naddress: "Rruga 5 Maji, 1012 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3431797\n  lng: 19.8256789\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516914.jpg?k=b96fc7a12ff3ae3a3b4b8fd0ca42ff2c36d1c593e8c02eefd3ef9a5cfe4a303b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516808.jpg?k=0613d460b81ac36857f7603fd4df0c33265cd7b01ec8e7931ce5527fa237a157&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516879.jpg?k=c3b42adc68374742b788b8aa6c40de019d0111ca81de63fc44d6dc6cad337109&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516891.jpg?k=440a0ad71c45575e17ff3b4b038c0d42cc44b5ee4ac8070ca3012a1ce641d622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445516905.jpg?k=4eb98f28ad3f4cfde6f9c30e939fcc6c6d03b09b7920ae042fcb12ecedcf2a0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454385813.jpg?k=bb7d8f49e81cccbad47edc5871a5f2ef79ff9531f9ad06fbd1b824d77bc16b7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454385815.jpg?k=32b6f4f1b71d7a1b29c05915116354ade6c29fc4d9aa10cd02060800e0432fbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454385819.jpg?k=8d731d0205e444943c8d77aadcf359ed0d4a1faac455eccc21ced6ed31f80c05&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 150 m"\n  - "Byrektore 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apt-1-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA mere stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and a short drive from the natural wonder of the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as an ideal base for both cultural aficionados and nature lovers. Additionally, the National Museum of History Albania is located just under 2 km away, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of the country's past. For those seeking adventure, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 4 km, offering breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape.

The apartment itself is a sanctuary of modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Albanian days. It boasts a separate bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary exploits, and a pristine bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a comfortable and enjoyable stay.

For shopping enthusiasts, the Toptani Shopping Centre is conveniently located 2 km away, offering a variety of retail options. Meanwhile, the historic Tanners' Bridge, 2.3 km from the apartment, provides a glimpse into the architectural heritage of Tirana. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is 14 km away, making Lovely and Quite Apartment 1-3 a an excellent choice for travelers seeking both convenience and a tranquil retreat in the heart of Tirana.