---\ntitle: "Lovely Apartment"\ndescription: "Lovely Apartment emerges as a freshly updated gem in the heart of Tirana, offering a prime location that puts guests moments away from iconic landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481429700.jpg?k=91e0f6c6435ae071ce62ec568e10c751de86f938601869c71825363f52d8ccf0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lovely-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit, mbrapa shkolles se mesme te gjuheve te huaja Asim Vokshi, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31855359\n  lng: 19.82777764\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481429700.jpg?k=91e0f6c6435ae071ce62ec568e10c751de86f938601869c71825363f52d8ccf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481429834.jpg?k=015e06d2f5282d9f7da6051bfac377a36387028f68cb182838c2277a61e626e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408289288.jpg?k=1e384eab536299337ea256cb9295e6721cc21e53fac5061a09abbbdcd2f7bae9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408289223.jpg?k=45449a38701a7bd95873709c0a91f89ce494959c26cd85ee446947aa889f95fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481429608.jpg?k=fad8dc3c03a0d396e11c154920d61f5d5cec038c60d8aa4015b193bc93bdd297&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450267552.jpg?k=821a6cca461c7830bc920ea595426b8941c795268465cb49592f3ec11b2cae1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408290375.jpg?k=3c512bd0b191de9e91701e84c7a90cc13fefded4d6da70d45b408cd8eea20df5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408290455.jpg?k=51568c2d75315249a542a24e48b19c37d6226a62c001717c06ceef6e25982611&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481429525.jpg?k=674e2ae022163e056498a77e1661bd0d301d2743d2069b9da6cbe74a5db68217&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (94 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dion Club 100 m"\n  - "Sophie caffe and snacks 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gil"\n    country: "Qatar"\n    text: "“Nice place, very clean and safe. Location couldn’t be better, close to supermarket, pharmacy, restaurants etc Good WiFi connection and Netflix is a bonus! Fast communication with the owner.”"\n  - name: "Tulsha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was clean and modern, in a location that was close to the Stadium and many cafes etc. The bed was comfortable as was the sofa! The property is well loved and you can tell that it means a lot to the owners. Everything is new and if you...”"\n  - name: "Willow"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“the apartment was clean and lovely and in a really great position, close to shops and a park”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-apartment-tirana4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a contemporary design with an air-conditioned living space that includes a well-equipped kitchen, featuring a fridge and stovetop, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The presence of a clean, well-appointed bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the attention to detail in ensuring a comfortable stay. Importantly, the entire apartment maintains a non-smoking policy to enhance the quality of the guest experience.

For those looking to explore the city at their own pace, Lovely Apartment facilitates this adventure by offering a car rental service directly from the premises. This added convenience opens up a world of exploration, allowing guests to discover nearby attractions such as the Saint Paul Cathedral, the Pyramid of Tirana, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 18 km away, making Lovely Apartment an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays. With the added benefit of free WiFi throughout the property and the option for private parking, guests are assured of both connectivity and security.

In summary, Lovely Apartment stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, comfort, and strategic location in Tirana. Whether it's for leisure or exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the city, this apartment promises an enjoyable and hassle-free stay.