---\ntitle: "Lucas Central Premium Studios"\ndescription: "Lucas Central Premium Studios emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495392284.jpg?k=6dc4e9a2f7b2b170c3a922f17913970ac0cc68d6bdd1f046c831129b4aeba74e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lucas-central-premium-studios\naddress: "Rruga Çamëria, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32728069\n  lng: 19.8148051\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495392284.jpg?k=6dc4e9a2f7b2b170c3a922f17913970ac0cc68d6bdd1f046c831129b4aeba74e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495389927.jpg?k=c859b0d03fa01558b9ae1ded6ea21ae39b3c993e0aed310e4320697d005593b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495389902.jpg?k=87bd6e8ae3c99ed45064b8b5a61057f837d73c5167f6e700cabdd313e71c67e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495389863.jpg?k=b34bad46638bc0fa0d1e3380dd5087105ee32039f1ac758830677be8babe778c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495392279.jpg?k=def1f05436df37b4c37d4e3e3bc67b10010bdef8f8abb4a330747e52c7bf6046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495392281.jpg?k=8eed480b199b1dded17030bd48d11d9eeac015d98b9185862ff48f0789301223&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Capitol Meat & Chicken 100 m"\n  - "Banka 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shaun"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The best thing about this apartment was the very comfortable bed. The location is very central and check in instructions were very detailed. Another bonus was the apartment felt very secure, a thick door with locks and cameras.”"\n  - name: "Alison"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very central location, clean apartment, host easy to contact via WhatsApp and has free wifi. Host sends video of how to find the apartment which is helpful. Very comfortable bed !”"\n  - name: "Arber"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Clean, good looking, everything was nice and on point and best of all checkin and checkout could be finished without needing to physically meet anyone.
They had one of the best beds I have had in Airbnbs”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lucas-central-premium-studios.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with the luxury of privacy and ease, thanks to private entrances to each apartment. The promise of connectivity is fulfilled with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring that guests remain connected to the world while basking in the tranquility of their temporary home. A mere 700 meters from Skanderbeg Square, Lucas Central Premium Studios positions itself as a haven for those eager to explore the city's bustling center.

Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, and a seating area designed for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV boasting streaming services, ensuring guests have a plethora of viewing options at their fingertips. The inclusion of a safety deposit box, a private bathroom complete with a walk-in shower, hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries, alongside the provision of bed linen and towels, underscores the establishment's commitment to guest comfort and convenience.

For those who find joy in culinary exploration, the kitchenette facilities, featuring a fridge, kettle, and stovetop, offer the freedom to craft meals within the comfort of their accommodation. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment complex opens up endless possibilities for adventure and discovery within and beyond the city limits.

Lucas Central Premium Studios is not just about the rooms; its location serves as a launchpad to some of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the iconic Clock Tower Tirana. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, guests will find Lucas Central Premium Studios to be an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays, promising an experience that is as enriching as it is comfortable.