---\ntitle: "Luca apartament"\ndescription: "Luca Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in Kamëz, strategically positioned just a short drive from the heart of Albania's vibrant history and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395852177.jpg?k=ee3454c57a2c6075c8027d29602b27668ec53f7d0359db5f431b35cc644e4016&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luca-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Beselidhja, 1054 Kamëz, Albania"\ncity: "Kamëz"\nlocation: "Kamëz"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.37726076\n  lng: 19.78476181\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/395852177.jpg?k=ee3454c57a2c6075c8027d29602b27668ec53f7d0359db5f431b35cc644e4016&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/395852196.jpg?k=7036b17f46d958c8f3ad2ce850eb35a5c68c800ebf85606bebf5831cc0ca78da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/395852199.jpg?k=29d7f5bca2ea906f303ffb524b9a72389fdc8e144983e8b537984efcf39af410&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/395852203.jpg?k=fcb6892a90b04ace4d4f4316aaf951e62ed8486ebe8bfdf475f0238c0e929f73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/395852207.jpg?k=8089c90f97ac703f3eb55b7b816a43a74744683fea30b4a82822d2ac5784fbd5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast-Food 350 m"\n  - "Kaon Zgara 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 4.9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 5 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 5 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luca-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nWith its prime location, Luca Apartment is merely 8.6 km away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the local culture. For those drawn to the allure of nature, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 11 km, promising breathtaking views of the surrounding landscapes.

This smoke-free property doesn't just boast a prime location; it also offers guests the luxury of space and privacy. The apartment features a cozy bedroom, a fully equipped kitchenette for those who love to prepare their meals, and a bathroom outfitted with all the essentials. The inclusion of air conditioning ensures a comfortable stay regardless of the weather outside.

One of the highlights of Luca Apartment is its balcony, offering serene garden views that provide a perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or a relaxing evening after a day of exploration. The convenience extends to complimentary private parking, making it hassle-free for guests traveling with their vehicles.

For those interested in delving deeper into Albania's rich history, the National Museum of History Albania is located just 7.7 km away, offering an insightful journey through the country's past. Additionally, the apartment's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, situated 8.8 km away, offers a unique glimpse into the life of one of Albania's most notable figures.

Luca Apartment is also conveniently located near Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 7 km away, ensuring easy arrivals and departures for international guests. While the Rock of Kavaje, a notable landmark, is a bit further at 43 km, it presents an excellent opportunity for a day trip.

In summary, Luca Apartment stands as a testament to the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and the promise of adventure, making it an excellent choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Kamëz and its surroundings.