---\ntitle: "Lucas Downtown"\ndescription: "Lucas Downtown emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538961.jpg?k=f648d221602a75b143c5f9ac06998d7db775dc5a322183197402be9cb8609bcb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lucas-downtown\naddress: "66 Rruga Fortuzi 2nd Floor, Door Nr. 4, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33062438\n  lng: 19.81232912\nprice: "US$103"\npriceFrom: 103\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538961.jpg?k=f648d221602a75b143c5f9ac06998d7db775dc5a322183197402be9cb8609bcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538953.jpg?k=f767f3cbf0e53432d73d488a245b3fb2305878c8d799452fb57940491b2cd7f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538969.jpg?k=6fb02a4c1e3537886a7f1f6c4c6ecc28feb6023d545704024b80c400dce1311a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538967.jpg?k=54e5b9dec70b95fed9cd860e9de073dcbdd232103dfdd1288de1ca09cca5cf17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538971.jpg?k=4362bb4475dc4ad665510d8073e3ee5ee09c8f84f94681d0f3b0c7e09603c2f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538965.jpg?k=c586f1300c124f0a51d9436e7053df4680bfd45b3cf58b202d03ecac3489f6e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538992.jpg?k=97988cc90eee0f6155e8571858346800b0047ed19d8db30fe49ce49a2e0d0f65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538978.jpg?k=c533cc7db2c7e07db7f18a12acd50716e77ff7c43ff9de0737b72fb8bc8526df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471538962.jpg?k=948a707c72e2aaecbc919bd79f2f8d007623bb658f50e7dc7693315013beda41&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 40 m"\n  - "Taverna Korcare 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rajla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was exactly as pictured and promised
The house was clean,warm and cozy
Every bed was comfortable as we were multiple people but all enjoyed a good night sleep
Will definitely visit again!!”"\n  - name: "Freek"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect located. Just a couple minutes walk to the main square. The apartment looked nice and was clean. Also the communication with the owner was really good.
The perfect place to be when you doing a citytrip with friends.
Thank you a lot!”"\n  - name: "Lurdes"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything. A really good appartment with every facility and 5 minutes walk to the most central square. The assistance was super, very kind host who answer very quickly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lucas-downtown.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis spacious apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home. With three well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essentials, and a balcony offering serene views of the inner courtyard, guests are treated to both comfort and privacy. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area ensures that home-cooked meals can be enjoyed at any time of the day, adding a personal touch to the dining experience. For entertainment, a flat-screen TV with streaming services is provided, ensuring that guests have access to their favorite shows and movies.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Lucas Downtown enhances the guest experience with additional conveniences such as a car rental service, allowing for easy exploration of Tirana and its surroundings. The property's proximity to notable landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, places guests at the heart of Albania's rich history and vibrant culture.

For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making Lucas Downtown an accessible retreat for international and domestic travelers alike. Whether it's the allure of the city's historical sites or the call of the surrounding natural beauty, Lucas Downtown serves as a gateway to the best Tirana has to offer.