---\ntitle: "Lucas Central Oasis Studios"\ndescription: "Lucas Central Oasis Studios emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815342.jpg?k=dab52d48dd600504c9a5bdbdbb9041a5c35d3cc052476cad3e9e53191aa90b00&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lucas-central-oasis-studios\naddress: "Rruga Çamëria, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32734917\n  lng: 19.81467514\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 97\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815342.jpg?k=dab52d48dd600504c9a5bdbdbb9041a5c35d3cc052476cad3e9e53191aa90b00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815151.jpg?k=c68522239b977280ad53d7ff05a0f3814bb5b509460809c406a6964be3f2f1c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815077.jpg?k=6f1d4228fa8d6b99321171d55896e3c42ee6c8ba3c295725dd501a35f5d16b5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815318.jpg?k=c2963bb8c62259e6e027f010c4336e70e42c4fe766851be6515cf03d1f1d134d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815115.jpg?k=bd3d1d708e6ab4b337982544fe2850bcc830989a2b64bb5f27bd4cb841183e3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473815302.jpg?k=71b68fa65b785cc5ea1b46dc7e96b2c5b767347a94a55b13c1650585d375a2dd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Capitol Meat & Chicken 100 m"\n  - "CR7=AM7 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kerem"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“I like how the place in the center, I mean literally close to anywhere. In a safe place, streets are dark but safe for sure. I could check in myself, the owner is nice too. Love overall.”"\n  - name: "Chelsea"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very modern, clean comfortable room. Good air con. Instructions made check in very easy.”"\n  - name: "Wojciech"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice, convenient apartment to stay, very close to the city center, but the entrance is a bit hidden. The place is very clean and good for short stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lucas-central-oasis-studios-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe studios at Lucas Central Oasis are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that promise a refreshing retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. Each studio is equipped with a fully functional kitchenette and dining area, allowing guests the convenience of preparing their meals. Entertainment is readily available through flat-screen TVs offering streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. The inclusion of private bathrooms with walk-in showers, complemented by slippers and hair dryers, adds a touch of luxury to the stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, with select rooms boasting balconies for those who appreciate a view. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For guests looking to explore Tirana at their own pace, Lucas Central Oasis Studios offers a car rental service, making it easier to venture beyond the immediate area. Attractions such as the Et'hem Bey Mosque, Reja - The Cloud, and the National Museum of History Albania are within walking distance, as are the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration.

Located 16 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Lucas Central Oasis Studios not only promises ease of access for arriving and departing guests but also stands as a testament to convenience, comfort, and the promise of an unforgettable stay in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital.