---\ntitle: "Luli Studios"\ndescription: "Luli Studios emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368798.jpg?k=f314b2c366578f9c68c449a7d8e587389c996b706a73839d029c8564eb1d2f83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luli-studios\naddress: "Rruga Baba Sherifi ,Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77166735\n  lng: 20.00549436\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368798.jpg?k=f314b2c366578f9c68c449a7d8e587389c996b706a73839d029c8564eb1d2f83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475874888.jpg?k=bdd39e52940d8d49c8e32901e274d7244632b8d8b297d02f6d4468139137fc5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368857.jpg?k=2b239a1dec809ef68ab1c2480b61709d1d289914135423f77468bcab0118578e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368843.jpg?k=499a4c348a8e374982eee7f5275ae89cfe0b62cf134e1482fa30c0feb474f18a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475874414.jpg?k=2660d4156ef294a00ce730e602f9ea696bf27832400292a13eaa9f42cfbda973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368851.jpg?k=f7033ddea0641f157c70a02bab87179b6e5f1994928d6f3f3807c09c652f0bc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368845.jpg?k=f8529f9e75057f53fcd32d1b443e02a8c115f784067ae6f70630f2865fa3f504&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475368837.jpg?k=4dc1bd53ddf40ec4fea6860520138f57bc9d36b17772c5245747b7342e70e5fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475662307.jpg?k=7952a149d0d6987294b3c2d568ce88094c12f57336fd71033209a036b853fcf4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 50 m"\n  - "3 Island 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Atanas"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Всичко беше чудесно. Красиво,удобно и много чисто. Изключително мили,любезни и отзивчиви домакини.”"\n  - name: "Susanne"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Alles super sauber. Die Besitzer sehr freundlich. Lage perfekt”"\n  - name: "Zdenek"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Příjemní majitelé, čisto, útulno a na klidném místě.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luli-studios.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment complex distinguishes itself with its commitment to guest privacy and convenience, highlighted by its private check-in and check-out service. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, boasting air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and free WiFi, ensuring that guests enjoy a hassle-free stay. The thoughtful inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster and fridge, adds a touch of home-away-from-home comfort, while the option to request towels and linens for a small supplement speaks to the property's attention to detail.

The allure of Luli Studios is further enhanced by its accommodations, which feature balconies offering serene views of the garden or the quaint streets below. Designed with the modern traveler in mind, each unit is furnished with a desk and a flat-screen TV, catering to both leisure and business guests.

For those looking to explore beyond the local beaches and natural parks, the Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 93 km away, making Luli Studios an ideal base for travelers seeking to experience the beauty and charm of Ksamil and its surroundings.