---\ntitle: "LUMNIK - Hotel & Apartments"\ndescription: "LUMNIK - Hotel & Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Lezhë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368381055.jpg?k=d2103db947cb8643faecff05dea507352cc29dda61061277e8e2513853e42224&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lumnik-hotel-apartments\naddress: "SH32, 4500 Lezhë, Albania"\ncity: "Lezhë"\nlocation: "Lezhë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80749735\n  lng: 19.60357909\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 187\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368381055.jpg?k=d2103db947cb8643faecff05dea507352cc29dda61061277e8e2513853e42224&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370260392.jpg?k=28e119364de9469b314f8c7f646be2e459954e5e9898ee2a3ba95f80b2dc8080&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370260405.jpg?k=fc066445f9f27fc24f2d7e52e675998f5cf9b203b31061d8a0672030c7a7b70e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368381170.jpg?k=f4ba576cae5d95699b51d36b7d7ce632c8e5c8697f93e746dccbd4bbdd17f554&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361874577.jpg?k=31e9c41c1f91cab8d9a6862997b0fa34a8b685e8be8b31f633f7b8562cb56032&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370260359.jpg?k=0590d895bd0d18c2c15b943ec07e8b5f54291c316ccc181ddfdf1dc1b169b24e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 900 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Spirion"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything is new, great location and helpful owners. They changed our room after we made a booking mistake and agreed to lower the price of the new room (as it was a more expensive option).
If its your first time in that area ask the owners for...”"\n  - name: "Narent"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Everything else was good, starting from hosts which were very friendly and they were trying to help with Everything we asked for.”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The accommodation was very clean and modern, the hosts are very lovely people :) We enjoyed our short stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lumnik-amp-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a selection of air-conditioned accommodations, ensuring a restful stay just 41 km away from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra. Designed with families in mind, LUMNIK offers spacious family rooms equipped with essential amenities to cater to the needs of every guest. Each unit is thoughtfully furnished with a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV for personal entertainment. The highlight of these accommodations is the private bathroom featuring a walk-in shower, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi access. Select rooms further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a balcony, inviting guests to unwind with a view.

For those eager to explore beyond the sandy shores, Lake Skadar awaits at a distance of 43 km, offering a serene escape into nature. The property's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 48 km away, adds to its appeal by simplifying travel arrangements for international guests.

LUMNIK - Hotel & Apartments not only promises a comfortable stay with its well-appointed rooms but also ensures peace of mind with the availability of free private parking. This combination of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and attentive service positions LUMNIK as a top contender for those planning a visit to Lezhë.