---\ntitle: "Luna Mare Seaside Suites"\ndescription: "Luna Mare Seaside Suites emerges as a gem on the Borsh coastline, boasting a private beach area and breathtaking sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366283216.jpg?k=25fa1541596e3cdf730dc410eebdb9aeb1c73bc3e39568a2cd97a238947144dc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luna-mare-seaside-suites\naddress: "Rruga Plazhit 4, 9714 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.04624062\n  lng: 19.85216856\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366283216.jpg?k=25fa1541596e3cdf730dc410eebdb9aeb1c73bc3e39568a2cd97a238947144dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388268084.jpg?k=5155ac39b07304d47927cc5f3798261639e84829e3553b91db81cb71698bbb4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491034161.jpg?k=785ae74831667d4ef638d83df79c95e439d20bcb756812b51c2d2d6012cf5a2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370789537.jpg?k=cd5ee70ac9fd591104389d9f48cdb8363e69cdb64c6e34bccb91520778ea5a91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388268460.jpg?k=8b2db0e603ced11f768681af08f68cd55e64a3b68012a263c6be41f31a3f7460&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388267982.jpg?k=898255c4425f5d6e5c22684646de6b43c2befe3382bea9c76e8b86b8aaad0f4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388268308.jpg?k=fb952dfa5b950f8f88ae9e514cbad14f1b79ffaf2814d1eb8a662e636546ce37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491035492.jpg?k=4a095e3c6979dbb0c02ed92615f61d012046dfcc5a286dea66412d06f1a21228&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491035109.jpg?k=9b9dc8597c2cf0d0221c32140434ffda5a2544d22f36c8df4c1704f74ac3c800&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "SOLYMAR 150 m"\n  - "Restorant Ferrari 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 30 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 4.2 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 48 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Oliver"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Loved the proximity to the beach, the friendly and helpful cleaners, the sunbeds, the nice waiters at the restaurant. Also great value for money. Overall a great experience.”"\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“- clean, modern, comfortable rooms - best accommodation we have been at in Albania
- super friendly cleaning ladies who did an amazing job every single day
- delicious food at the seaside restaurant for reasonable prices
- beautiful and calm...”"\n  - name: "Alice"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very well designed Easy check in Great staff Dropped us off to the bus station 30 mins down the road no hassle”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luna-mare-sea-side-borsh.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned suite at Luna Mare is a haven of comfort, equipped with modern amenities including a desk, coffee machine, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, terrace, and a private bathroom with a shower adds to the convenience. Guests will be delighted to find that every unit opens up to a patio adorned with outdoor furniture, offering serene mountain views. To further enhance the stay, bed linen and towels are meticulously provided in all units.

Culinary experiences at Luna Mare Seaside Suites are a highlight, with buffet and continental breakfast options featuring fresh pastries, pancakes, and fruits served daily. The family-friendly restaurant, open for dinner, lunch, and cocktails, specializes in Greek cuisine, promising a tantalizing dining experience.

For those traveling with little ones, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores the aparthotel's family-oriented approach. Guests are also invited to unwind in the lush garden, adding a touch of tranquility to their stay.

Situated 49 km from Butrint National Park and 125 km from Ioannina Airport, with a paid shuttle service available, Luna Mare Seaside Suites offers a perfect blend of convenience and escapism. This destination stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, comfort, and adventure on the Albanian coast.