---\ntitle: "Lungomare Luxury Sea View Apartaments"\ndescription: "Lungomare Luxury Sea View Apartments emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking an exceptional beachfront experience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403848787.jpg?k=080a4df78485e51d315ceb5cdcdcf52062da804724476d2ad75541b7ba76b920&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lungomare-luxury-sea-view-apartaments\naddress: "Vlore, lungomare, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4471616\n  lng: 19.49429213\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403848787.jpg?k=080a4df78485e51d315ceb5cdcdcf52062da804724476d2ad75541b7ba76b920&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408391551.jpg?k=9752cd06564d318ba0e5a1860838810d3a5668d62a2a4fe51a0e67736f614525&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402082687.jpg?k=64692b2eaef8e68b6664d41f59c3602b70b9b26173d470b0022753e012a8e2b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394730905.jpg?k=fea93bbbcdeacea3d0b3278ea216fa0fe7a726551f1a06695d8deb26e62e87c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401819170.jpg?k=c68476820f994c656a7d7fd80898551513a6e70e8c7d1403022a331f80e7ffd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403848640.jpg?k=748cc71852b1f5b1969f7fa252e6ae3dd29799217d70870784b69b73cffdaec7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (57 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Xhokla 10 m"\n  - "Mustafa Restorant 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Neil7272"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location close to lots of restaurants and opposite the beach.”"\n  - name: "Bianca"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Great location, just cross the street and you’re at the beach. The apartment is spacious and clean. Has a well equipped kitchen and free street parking just below the building. Tip: have dinner at restaurant tradicional Vani. Always busy and great...”"\n  - name: "Petra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is great, flat is spacious , clean and equipped.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lungomare-luxury-sea-view-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with satellite channels, refrigerators, kettles, and walk-in showers. The attention to detail extends to the provision of slippers, desks, and private bathrooms equipped with bidets and hair dryers. Free WiFi enhances the convenience factor, with select rooms offering the luxury of a terrace. Comfort is further assured by the inclusion of quality bed linen and towels in every unit.

For those looking to explore the local dining scene, a variety of options are conveniently located near the apartments. Adventure seekers and leisure travelers alike will find Lungomare Luxury Sea View Apartments perfectly positioned to enjoy a range of activities, from hiking and diving to fishing. The availability of bicycle rentals and access to a private beach area on-site encourage guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and recreational opportunities that Vlorë has to offer.

Notably, the property is situated within easy reach of Vjetër Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the area's attractions. For international travelers, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, with the apartments facilitating airport transfers and offering a car rental service to ensure a seamless travel experience.

Lungomare Luxury Sea View Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, promising a blend of luxury, comfort, and convenience for an unforgettable stay in Vlorë.