---\ntitle: "Lungomare Vlore Seaside Apartment"\ndescription: "Lungomare Vlore Seaside Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648375.jpg?k=4ac49c56ee8827016e2b9e38564c2765d26721388f37b81958868b8594de8f93&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lungomare-vlore-seaside-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44212854\n  lng: 19.49543709\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648375.jpg?k=4ac49c56ee8827016e2b9e38564c2765d26721388f37b81958868b8594de8f93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648374.jpg?k=195cb1d55eacf28e2a0a7e5d8a19a16cd819bc0fa295b7252f9d006ca6e98c65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648376.jpg?k=94642d5c0d51d6009db814417b508040dd47123637cedb0dfa0080b075669f74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648371.jpg?k=261f3ebdbb919d30327f754dd8b07a1d28d23ef8c537d4cca86f410def20fb36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648377.jpg?k=1ab5700e82964ed4531b78e992f2b2e868a605738a259c7bb2315410a6d25db2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648314.jpg?k=7e7772673839737278992e6e527ae2f085ca6c922526c9f1553e3461f475ce11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648383.jpg?k=57468a4cae2d6bd1aaf08a87f1ea290a563a12dac4f294ab009e1eac7512502c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648378.jpg?k=2dbe374d2e75210ee2b6a30f9b5cb658fe2f7566721584798e5f4e46cde7750c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405648366.jpg?k=d5a0260c0c57dc165dc1ac9774ece534aad109cff473fa82b92ef7f4270d2bac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Osteria 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Italia 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 750 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 650 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eugene"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Staying here was an absolute delight! Jurgen was not just communicative, but incredibly attentive, making every interaction kind and pleasant, ensuring a truly wonderful experience from start to finish. The host's mother, with her heartwarming...”"\n  - name: "Panent"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was pretty easy to find and the house is very good for a vacation house. i will go back every time i want to stay in Vlora.”"\n  - name: "Larysa"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Все було відмінно. Починаючи з моменту бронювання та навіть після виселення 100% підтримка господарів. Велике дякуємо. Квартира бездоганно чиста. Велика сучасна кухня з необхідним кухонним приладдям. Дякую господині за теплу зустріч та за продукти...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lungomare-vlore-daily-apartment-20-m-from-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe interior of Lungomare Vlore Seaside Apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts a spacious layout with one bedroom, ensuring a comfortable stay for guests. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, perfect for those moments of relaxation. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster, making self-catering a breeze. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the experience.

Guests will be delighted to find a bar on-site, offering a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploring the surroundings. The apartment's location is ideal for those eager to explore the local area, with Vjetër Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, making Lungomare Vlore Seaside Apartment an excellent base for both short and long stays.

The property's unique offering of mountain views further enhances the appeal, providing a picturesque backdrop to an already memorable stay. Lungomare Vlore Seaside Apartment stands as a testament to the beauty and allure of Vlorë, promising an unforgettable experience for all who visit.