---\ntitle: "Lungomare Rei's Apartment"\ndescription: "Lungomare Rei's Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282404.jpg?k=7c40909b15c51fbe82e336a0cae99fafa66633be2624dc54218ceb8b9cc253a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lungomare-rei-s-apartment\naddress: "Shetitorja, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31106724\n  lng: 19.4394703\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282404.jpg?k=7c40909b15c51fbe82e336a0cae99fafa66633be2624dc54218ceb8b9cc253a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282481.jpg?k=000df9e66314784ca6871eea261cfa13e51b7ac0f5f0b5ce54e72907f92253dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490125715.jpg?k=dd33b78845fce6462eb20584d39a439663ad72e3a760c1bb28062049b1c5067f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282414.jpg?k=e14eebbac70bb4769f5630e8c108e69cb5d639ec2e68844e43d997e603f5fd5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282477.jpg?k=768cde7446fb7631f35085a3c3d10915a657036ff1a957322d9d3f0083c0651d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282488.jpg?k=1fb063595140c0531b3493838a51bb09de2219700f053668eb70bf4fe5ee7ed6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490124983.jpg?k=96dcc23ae6a34eac8b49026f54fe606348efa3a0da4ea90cd1c5f11f611f3286&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377282438.jpg?k=b4672c568565d3953e020d7631f7e9713b7e7a1128ba1b51a4ccb1f48d58bb0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490125853.jpg?k=f0d5445b15ff34b24a12ccd41f76164676f628e5387065d93b4068a5b933cf12&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gelateria Cela 50 m"\n  - "Golden Apple 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 500 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 900 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Keti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was perfect! Location, interior design, everything.”"\n  - name: "Antti"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Good location near the beach. Many good restaurants and supermarkets also nearby. Good bakery also downstairs. The apartment was nice, clean and modern. There was everything you need for a good vacation.
Host was very friendly and helpfull, spoke...”"\n  - name: "Patricia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was excellent and host very accessible and friendly. The rooms were very clean and nicely furnished. Everything we needed was close by...supermarkets, bars and shops. The bed and bedding were very comfortable. The old town is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lungomare-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room that opens up to breathtaking sea views from a private balcony, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern amenities such as a toaster and a fridge. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the convenience of an in-apartment bathroom equipped with a bidet adds to the comfort. For those who appreciate the finer details, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience.

The apartment doesn't just stop at providing a comfortable stay; it also offers an outdoor dining area, perfect for those moments when dining under the stars is too tempting to resist. While the tranquility of Lungomare Rei's Apartment might make leaving seem unnecessary, the proximity to Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 40 km and 43 km away respectively, encourages exploration. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 34 km away, and the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, guests will find both arrival and departure to be seamless experiences.

Lungomare Rei's Apartment is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to the delights of Durrës, offering both the tranquility of the sea and the adventure of the city.