---\ntitle: "Lungo Mare the city center apartment in Vlore 38"\ndescription: "Lungo Mare Apartment #38 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlore."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520860500.jpg?k=389abb30b4d7763532863ea9b77d586b9d9cbf212663f836bad1221b47ba6ad4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lungo-mare-the-city-center-apartment-in-vlore-38\naddress: "Rr. Cameria Nd 5 Apt 38, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45337875\n  lng: 19.48698509\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520860500.jpg?k=389abb30b4d7763532863ea9b77d586b9d9cbf212663f836bad1221b47ba6ad4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520548023.jpg?k=63fda0fbb4dea701d05a420e97f41ed0ffbde35ff565ccedc550bfd180db38d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520548377.jpg?k=95965dd549b8fe569d6b9911ef59ce51cad8b26431c98ae3c91dd815e6675992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520548125.jpg?k=d83ad0fe18f7284a1aeedbc4373eaeba242ad5057c21b5d038565fb749c8e37d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520552429.jpg?k=f11ff376cf42c49f1b1999b50c03801cbbb6d3017901aae30f4c1d0496ec3017&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520548865.jpg?k=b7a1a70045081d29ca364ce5eb0bd6dffabd15c57cb9b843f2906f55dca75b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520552516.jpg?k=a599110751872e4168522bc46317ceda3a1fdb8e39f68e2ce53dd5ba8f980e59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520552672.jpg?k=cffa5512810f554e18550a0d732ccfa8900f3da1febf44d6fe662127f207a606&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525537874.jpg?k=554a4c01d4d308d5a0e3c48139fcff44a5f91e62fb63a2fe00c5dc121128f2d6&o=&hp=1"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Carpe diem winebar 20 m"\n  - "Delirium Pizza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mira"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament jest bardzo komfortowy na 8 piętrze z widokiem morze i port. Łóżka bardzo wygodne. Kuchnia zawierasz wszystko co potrzebujesz.”"\n  - name: "Federica"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Soggiorno bellissimo in una città bellissima, io e il mio ragazzo ci siamo trovati molto bene grazie anche alla pulizia e all'ottima posizione della casa. Ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo! Super consigliata”"\n  - name: "Colaprico"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Alloggio pulito e confortevole ! Ottima posizione.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lungomare-vlora-38.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a well-appointed bedroom complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at guests' fingertips. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring a microwave, fridge, washing machine, and an array of kitchenware, invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, adding a touch of home-cooked warmth to their travel experience. The inclusion of towels and bed linen further enhances the comfort provided.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are treated to captivating city views from the private balcony, a perfect spot for morning coffees or evening relaxation. Despite its central location, the property maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

Strategically positioned, Lungo Mare Apartment #38 is merely 2.4 km away from the serene Ri Beach, offering a tranquil escape from the city's hustle and bustle. For those interested in exploring the local culture and history, Independence Square and Kuzum Baba are within easy reach, located 2.1 km and 2.5 km away, respectively.

For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 151 km from the apartment, ensures a hassle-free journey to and from this coastal haven. Lungo Mare Apartment #38 stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Vlore while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully furnished apartment.