---\ntitle: "Lux Apartment"\ndescription: "Lux Apartment emerges as a standout accommodation choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007197.jpg?k=8b6145c6de0543032aaa49c102477389ec3528efd55569b2e4a192784f7c85df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lux-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Sadik Zotaj, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46381054\n  lng: 19.48903927\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007197.jpg?k=8b6145c6de0543032aaa49c102477389ec3528efd55569b2e4a192784f7c85df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007218.jpg?k=f31cbb2a8f40f63572b7e7902bf08df863c21430d672b6438dd3ba03eb2c906b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007220.jpg?k=4c9c717bca0766ef3abcd38bdd0f8659d905a3eab290e1519526c8b5f90b7d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007211.jpg?k=c2fcbe229cc12616ac0fbc1bb7ea07a352a5f10af81e11e99958906f263fbfa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007225.jpg?k=cf8dfa0f25de7e90b67a1d9727bb3fd60faeba3831401d515473b6e613a55d9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007213.jpg?k=3696fe9538801c53212f55869708d4980b5f20f7d8627b8aa3cf8a1ba1e9b1eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007193.jpg?k=29d34ad2b6667bdb51b81be0f1e4957255b21fc8a4566068b4c689d5319d6373&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007215.jpg?k=9694ad2b586f9636e4ba7f79f455f8729144354894f8ea5e54073fec61698421&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524007206.jpg?k=9715ebc681187035092773f4e4b987d359cfaa252535b94038549f6a8b65b95e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Choco 30 m"\n  - "Sophie 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.8 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 550 m"\n  - "Independence Square 800 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bibi"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“The host was The kindest. He picked us up when we arrived to Vlorë. We had The pleasure to be The first who rent the apartment, so of course adjustments should be, but the host was available all the time, and he would bring anything if we miss...”"\n  - name: "Dejvidm"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My recent stay at Lux Apartment in Vlora was nothing short of fantastic. The apartment's spacious layout provided ample room to move around comfortably. What truly stood out was the expansive patio and balcony, perfect for enjoying the serene...”"\n  - name: "Nico"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Große Wohnung, sauber, der Besitzer ist mega nett/lieb + kostenlos Tiefgarage”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lux-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nOffering more than just a place to stay, Lux Apartment provides a fully air-conditioned living space that includes two cozy bedrooms, a modern living room, and a dining area complemented by a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment needs are well catered to, making it an ideal retreat for both short and extended stays.

One of the apartment's most charming features is its balcony, which invites guests to dine al fresco while soaking in the captivating city views. This added touch enhances the overall experience, providing a perfect backdrop for memorable meals.

Convenience is further underscored by the provision of complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring that guests' connectivity and mobility needs are effortlessly met. Additionally, the commitment to a non-smoking environment promotes a clean and healthy stay for all guests.

Located 149 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Lux Apartment also offers peace of mind to international travelers, knowing that their arrival and departure can be smoothly managed.

In summary, Lux Apartment stands out as a prime choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Vlorë, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities that cater to the needs of modern travelers.