---\ntitle: "Lux Apartment at Arlis(dibra street)"\ndescription: "Lux Apartment at Arlis (Dibra Street) emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738180.jpg?k=d511cca402018f8acda9a8ccf61f54c09388ff87976d5371a0fdc5d2cc24e516&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lux-apartment-at-arlis-dibra-street\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34050267\n  lng: 19.82962289\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738180.jpg?k=d511cca402018f8acda9a8ccf61f54c09388ff87976d5371a0fdc5d2cc24e516&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738161.jpg?k=03541e832c1c73b5a8e11ee6f754b9315897541438da413cea23c0f940307fd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738178.jpg?k=9fe97ea2f39673ba14a55a992ff6c17faa6d1e140750793e17c1d36c310e4653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459618530.jpg?k=6137b609c43980dc9ec87e3fd98677d879af7802d40e14b40f05635f61ddd8d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738158.jpg?k=83093a62ff443e039e53b528a515404b2d8f516b6789777cfd5419a844047374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738164.jpg?k=9dcae87f6e13b1a566f57bceb2caabd96596ac1fde95829f160558922c278c35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738157.jpg?k=9220d31dae0daf7c6b7c0a0b9d7e2a00bb1ba3a18f2f9078796d2f11b9f59984&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738159.jpg?k=61ebe7dfaeb80a7d69d934dc7e0e216fd9abd36e534758209a085b71f722b7f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497738155.jpg?k=5b2cefe3d1e2442f3266b779c194b0fbacfcdcb65fa26c2fb16913832a99a6d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon SE Sugar 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bettina"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nice, helpful and flexible host. He even helped order a taxi to the airport. Big and clean rooms/bathroom. Good location, fast internet.”"\n  - name: "Ukpong"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property is just amazing. I just wanted to stay longer cos it was so cosy and spacious l.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I stayed at this property for two nights with my friends, I really enjoyed my stay there was space for each one of us. The structure and 10 minutes from the center, the owner was really kind, even made us sleep on the first day without even...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lux-apartment-at-arlis-dibra-street.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a spacious haven with two bedrooms, ensuring ample room for guests. Entertainment and connectivity are at guests' fingertips, thanks to the inclusion of a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and complimentary WiFi that spans the entire property. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, alongside a convenient washing machine, adds a touch of home, allowing guests to maintain their daily routines with ease. The bathroom doesn't disappoint either, featuring a walk-in shower that promises a refreshing start or end to the day. For added comfort, towels and bed linen are readily available, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

One of the apartment's highlights is its serene garden views, offering a tranquil backdrop for a morning coffee or evening relaxation. Its proximity to notable attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre further enhances its appeal, providing guests with a variety of entertainment and shopping options within easy reach.

For those traveling by air, the convenience of being just 14 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport cannot be overstated, making Lux Apartment at Arlis (Dibra Street) an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.