---\ntitle: "Lux Apartment 01 + Free Parking"\ndescription: "Lux Apartment 01 + Free Parking emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685880.jpg?k=d22dc18408d41efddfcf050a68c335c6a7c5e8fd787177ddf61fbb2b6921e669&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: lux-apartment-01-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga Gramoz Pashko, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31831237\n  lng: 19.83246781\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685880.jpg?k=d22dc18408d41efddfcf050a68c335c6a7c5e8fd787177ddf61fbb2b6921e669&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685887.jpg?k=ef16272190179f862dac611c728172399fc1105b74216b2288a729b3cc122f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685898.jpg?k=ede38a8f1e262b085e9698189da357a14c0bb9490c5ffcc9123d778e7099a55b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685823.jpg?k=45f1510751de79cfc0e1504ec2cd7f0c6cd86973a1d44c425f7380b645b3b004&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685903.jpg?k=05688c293a4a98a21274bea3b01e8b99cfd2b18dd578da939b442ff253c75911&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685870.jpg?k=d1242c84fec5793d9ba9a6340b9e836de130d9f63f8ba2d09488625bf080088f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685876.jpg?k=827d2e7d662dbeb4aa78c706fb65b32e7c0daea1b7a2903d9911721566facb61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685910.jpg?k=4fd9959b4fa64d0333c3cc87bd6d8ce47e88184f3a80576725bb23f1808890f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459685893.jpg?k=98baf4d7678fb05b5dfbc278ea172451ccf0e14d4e3eccb54ac6d42a7d70b91a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Das Cafe 50 m"\n  - "Rinia 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I liked the whole place. We had everything we needed and the play was comfy af.”"\n  - name: "Elis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Best place ever,Perfect location,extremly clean,soft bed and pillows.The host (Teo) was very kind,helpful and 24/h available.The parking spot its just downstairs.Higly recommended”"\n  - name: "Marisa"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Small haven of peace! The apartment was clean and well equipped. Not far from the city center. The little extra was this parking space included in the price which was helpful. We will come back with pleasure!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lux-apartment-01-free-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it also provides guests with a suite of amenities designed to ensure a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The air-conditioned unit features a spacious layout that includes a balcony, a cozy bedroom, a living room for unwinding, and a well-equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals. Entertainment needs are met with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, perfect for those evenings in.

For guests arriving by car, the added convenience of complimentary on-site parking cannot be overstated, removing the usual hassles associated with finding secure parking in a bustling city. Additionally, the provision of free WiFi allows guests to stay connected, whether for leisure or work.

The apartment is a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy space for all guests. Those looking to explore the area will find themselves within easy reach of notable attractions such as the Saint Paul Cathedral, the intriguing Pyramid of Tirana, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, catering to a variety of interests from history buffs to shopping enthusiasts.

Situated 6.7 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests have the unique opportunity to experience breathtaking views of Tirana from above. Furthermore, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 18 km away, makes Lux Apartment 01 + Free Parking a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Lux Apartment 01 + Free Parking offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.