---\ntitle: "Luxury apartments Blloku"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartments Blloku emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421500518.jpg?k=47ab605a9c1e34478e8d0d1456ba1e5c16d5f219a7c41f91973ad127f3da41cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartments-blloku\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32293169\n  lng: 19.81699363\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421500518.jpg?k=47ab605a9c1e34478e8d0d1456ba1e5c16d5f219a7c41f91973ad127f3da41cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421500515.jpg?k=4f4ecebf8eb021224bbdb260676ccaf644ef7cb4b49647af207405f9a29d6e42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431651901.jpg?k=e149e815be7d767b561f8b1e0f809f9f469e8bf09a5555fa40589082e0650608&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431651870.jpg?k=bf9309817d11ea2c93127c858db1508dda960c9b1f245ffb18001998ad4c2b44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431652619.jpg?k=1cb9b2ea723e86f31d16ce6e6284cff2a42ac031c3158d6844b189f1283af86c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421500776.jpg?k=bcabf119d870e3c7798ee0a4a7552ff8feb77498503f5914155a1310f2dbcf21&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe King Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mahmut"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Oda gayet temiz ve moderndi. Temizliği çok güzel. Özellikle konumu çok iyi.”"\n  - name: "Tina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“- Centralissimo in una bella zona piena di negozi e mini market
- Molto bello l’appartamento, con balcone e tutti i comfort
- Anche se siamo stati solo due notti, ci hanno fatto trovare la camera pulita il secondo giorno”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La camera piccola ma accogliente, esattamente quella che avevamo scelto. Molto carina e pulita. Ci siamo trovati abbastanza bene. Ci sono numerosi bar e locali, banche e supermercati. Il palazzo è datato essendo centro città ma all’interno una...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-studio-blloku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Luxury Apartments Blloku are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, offering air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool respite from the bustling city life. For those who travel with their furry friends, the apartment's pet-friendly policy ensures that no member of the family is left behind. Adding to the convenience is the complimentary WiFi, keeping guests connected whether they're streaming their favorite shows or planning the next day's adventures.

Each unit is meticulously appointed with a private bathroom, ensuring privacy and comfort. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchen, providing an ideal option for guests who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals.

The apartment's location is unbeatable for those eager to dive into Tirana's cultural scene. A short stroll leads to the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, offering a glimpse into the city's complex history and vibrant contemporary art scene. For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being just 15 km away makes Luxury Apartments Blloku an excellent choice for both short visits and extended stays.

In summary, Luxury Apartments Blloku offers a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it a top recommendation for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana.