---\ntitle: "Luxury Penthouse with Full Sea View"\ndescription: "Luxury Penthouse with Full Sea View stands as a premier destination for travelers seeking an exceptional retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368319076.jpg?k=a3e7e928a50f93063c4977c7b73c114e42ef9c4f43238b3c7e7a3777ed7feb6c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-penthouse-with-full-sea-view\naddress: "Rr. Liria Nd. 95, H.9, Ap.21, 2021 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27723262\n  lng: 19.51468957\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368319076.jpg?k=a3e7e928a50f93063c4977c7b73c114e42ef9c4f43238b3c7e7a3777ed7feb6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368013013.jpg?k=5b52aa488de98e9848ba2df6aa32fc8474016af8244263be2a4bcf4956fc50c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368323835.jpg?k=36bb1f3aa613f8cb6a10b4b7d3d4131615ae30bd03a38d208f6bc1d2a5c24f33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368013016.jpg?k=ab36bcbd0c0b253aa332b98f77ca1d1ae780e34eb78feebb72bf73743736acab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368012993.jpg?k=b5c3e580ebcdd4259b3e0061bacf80a1da94724877c1d29dd447faa6b3b2d18c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388972282.jpg?k=57e90f3d330e3cca8aa5733c3b4688c1d1b2badd16f9926129b76e4c4c911054&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368319048.jpg?k=d9e9028e4e6a09cb01b01fcae17224098792b6ac788ff4bb78e2c0b22557dd24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388972392.jpg?k=69528a9bf7dc028a365d6f9895b96166da9005501108ab14bfc77fca22b1d580&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388972473.jpg?k=2a5d9b4fcad668a462be630e801879a2a2e2219727e754bed1be1d093ce2c287&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oyster 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri G&D 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 8 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sergii"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“sea view, open air terrace, comfortable arrangements, rooms and kitchen are fully equipped for staying”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The landlord picked us up, waited for us and even managed to provide an extra baby bed. When our little one was sick, the landlord immediately helped us in finding an adequate pediatric clinic in the vicinity.”"\n  - name: "Manca"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Perfect location, amazing view, clean...
Wouldn't change anything”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-penthouse-with-full-sea-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned penthouse doesn't just promise a view but delivers a full living experience with its spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room, and a terrace overlooking the sea. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge, and a bathroom with a bidet ensures that every need is met with the highest standards. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided in the apartment, which also boasts an outdoor dining area for those who wish to dine under the sky.

The on-site restaurant, open for dinner, lunch, and brunch, offers a taste of local cuisine, allowing guests to explore the flavors of the region without having to leave the comfort of the property. For those looking to immerse themselves in activities, the surrounding area is ripe for cycling, fishing, and hiking, offering ample opportunities to engage with the natural beauty of the locale.

Further enhancing the guest experience, Luxury Penthouse with Full Sea View provides practical amenities such as complimentary WiFi, private parking, an elevator, a minimarket, and currency exchange services on-site. Located just 1.6 km from Golem Beach and 42 km from Skanderbeg Square, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 36 km away, this accommodation ensures ease of travel and access to local attractions.

Luxury Penthouse with Full Sea View is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to a memorable beachfront escape, combining the comforts of home with the luxury of a top-tier vacation destination.