---\ntitle: "Luxury Dennis Home"\ndescription: "Luxury Dennis Home emerges as a serene retreat in Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486891331.jpg?k=733374cce986e8a5e466bd40c5171eb9122510d87a23d89901704a4d81b30456&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-dennis-home\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86810051\n  lng: 20.02322587\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486891331.jpg?k=733374cce986e8a5e466bd40c5171eb9122510d87a23d89901704a4d81b30456&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455228533.jpg?k=a4157449dd66a21a99398d1bcdd111bd3dc45730c87cfcfe45c89c89a36d5f43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479953977.jpg?k=5fdafa250a9222191902d33cea16fcbbaa9ca236eb34edab40ecc8e442cbc1c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455225349.jpg?k=6e6fb68abb38927750a9abc95da15364e397ab022a334e197907e7c573cb4a43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454105687.jpg?k=76334d3aab75be30821d1a815d7134150d454288224fa968b525152675ceaee5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503781272.jpg?k=563d4ffeeb6edd694312f7e3554b471bc4d7afbfd0a8e1ab4a45403a2732ec82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481392385.jpg?k=5a57cc661a19597305e2c26b12fe63a1fd42679c42edc92d27f0daa586960a3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489525950.jpg?k=c943c3e65b0a261eb99ead153b8d633e8f95768c3cc98afef5f34fae25912794&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486256514.jpg?k=4135c5bad097bf39c08a668d52d7e6312dbc5348f5347c6a07e0f4af39ddff45&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (43 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 200 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sławek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing place ! Modern and comfortable house ! Wonderful view ! But first of all, a wonderful, hospitable and helpful owner ! Thank you for everything Bruna !”"\n  - name: "Paulina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Przepiękny apartament, czysty i zadbany, wyposażenie o wysokim standardzie, właściciele to anioły bardzo pomocni, zawsze gotowi by pomóc,doradzić. Na terenie obiektu przyjazne koty (GINGER,NALA) I małe kotki (Tip I Top) Polecam gorąco i napewno...”"\n  - name: "Alessandro"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'alloggio è delizioso, molto comodo e ben organizzato e, per la prima volta nel corso della nostra ormai lunga esperienza di \"case vacanze\", abbiamo trovato una completa attrezzatura anche nel reparto cucina. Nonostante i primi giorni di...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-dennis-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a well-appointed holiday home that is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with a bedroom that promises restful nights, complemented by two bathrooms for added convenience. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and air conditioning ensures a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to prepare and enjoy their meals with a view, while the terrace offers breathtaking sea views, perfect for unwinding.

Adding to the charm of Luxury Dennis Home is its thoughtful design, featuring soundproofing for a peaceful stay, a private entrance for guests seeking solitude, and a dressing room for those who appreciate the extra space. The presence of a fireplace adds a cozy touch to the ambiance, making it an ideal setting for cooler evenings.

For those who enjoy the outdoors, the property does not disappoint. A beautifully maintained garden provides a tranquil setting for relaxation, while the on-site bar caters to guests' refreshment needs. The proximity to La Petite Beach and the renowned Butrint National Park, just 16 km away, offers ample opportunity for exploration and adventure.

Situated 95 km from Ioannina Airport, Luxury Dennis Home stands out as a premier choice for travelers looking for an exceptional stay in Sarandë, combining the comforts of a luxury home with the beauty of the Albanian coastline.