---\ntitle: "Luxury Center apartment"\ndescription: "Luxury Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405344091.jpg?k=e67c0f5e6f7229564ca5ff308f0e19cda98378619210194e0581387aad86570b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32839327\n  lng: 19.8143843\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405344091.jpg?k=e67c0f5e6f7229564ca5ff308f0e19cda98378619210194e0581387aad86570b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405342628.jpg?k=2212f319c11351a59ee54081479c505ff2d37cf10f38ac7870ca1107ec3e0290&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379962679.jpg?k=9cbe69cd9adb6429ebba777f60c310cbf9e9ec8de44f7dd65d2a24bfc1fc1d81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357680165.jpg?k=296ac9163547a35810f6db9e82a6e8a911164c25301202940194a1a148dcaa4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357680115.jpg?k=9569b2ced0f1b45259ca0de73b5d8d0fcedb71d8a8f87bc44f4092b7ae3bea05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358586117.jpg?k=f0e5f9d4dfe0994eba31c3efe34b5497db4240bee47582b041c2404a7e563e81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405342488.jpg?k=a64c96fd06caf8a3be0eb0a34c864f29d07e61084362d04e2e2104f425b04dbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405343816.jpg?k=7a69a3ab45d9a7b727a16440a0ff0a1dcaa60695f8d134b6b7df305d313b9cea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405342349.jpg?k=b41893187c88698af6f674bda9bba009b4b24d480198f11e252b960861ea9481&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Influences 30 m"\n  - "Chicos 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roupen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Spacious, clean and modern apartment. The host was very helpful and welcoming. Would highly recommend.”"\n  - name: "Deirdre"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Spacious, well equipped apartment, everything you need for short or long stay. Bed was very comfortable. Two bathrooms, spa bath was a treat. Super clean. Quiet, convenient to Skanderbeg Square. Great communication with owner.”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The apartment is very comfortable and the location, only about 100m to Skanderberg Square is ideal.
Rein, the owner/manager was really friendly and exceptionally helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-centre-apartment-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe highlight of this accommodation is undoubtedly its spacious layout, boasting a balcony that offers captivating city views. The apartment is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a relaxing stay. The kitchen comes fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the two bathrooms feature walk-in showers for a refreshing experience. The air-conditioned unit also includes a luxurious hot tub and a dressing room, adding an extra layer of comfort to the stay.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and vibrant culture, Luxury Center Apartment is ideally situated close to several key attractions. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are all within easy reach, offering a glimpse into the city's past and present. Additionally, the property's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, makes it a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Luxury Center Apartment presents a compelling accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, combining spacious and well-equipped living spaces with a prime location near the city's most notable landmarks.