---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartment at Myslym Shyri"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban elegance at Luxury Apartment at Myslym Shyri, a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495564.jpg?k=49878224a4f819466ce41c5813e66d2f16383f80bef60676edefc8688fbc4bae&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartment-at-myslym-shyri\naddress: "Rruga Islam Alla, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32492585\n  lng: 19.81235531\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495564.jpg?k=49878224a4f819466ce41c5813e66d2f16383f80bef60676edefc8688fbc4bae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495654.jpg?k=52c609b3d38a892747fd6c3fb22bd51519dc4051d0fcff3d56b578fee1bb2925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495649.jpg?k=409569be02ba86084d4d71228de3d5afa9d6d63b191ee712b058380522cec4a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495645.jpg?k=cf4b78a411dae9c077bfab812f51147e65c2d54a9d8008db4af5f0c54532f7a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495650.jpg?k=076d8910d05dcb92ab17ce0071805659a85cc2d27ba594de36d5b1ee3150d292&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495656.jpg?k=50ba4d95dc848fce354e55be3a03e9d02c6da2d6d60ce726a1374207e75b9a1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495637.jpg?k=3b77d78a99e27befdddeae7d59d5bfbd8d346a7ddb61b28bd5e5d048e33a9980&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495648.jpg?k=43188ac8ee81068458bd24ab975398f8cdfa274ea05c1d9b9def529a0d8d56ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482495633.jpg?k=9f3b3cdb406b8a05696e303a256c4a66ff379753e16654b75394b86cd0c63cab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rio Bar 7 m"\n  - "Sapori Veri 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petrova"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Amazing apartment, super clean and very close to the city centre.
The host was really nice and welcoming .
It has everything inside for living, soaps, shampoo, towels, dryer, washing machine etc .”"\n  - name: "Federico"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento finemente ristrutturato e arredato, dotato di tutti i comfort. Posizione eccezionale a 5 min a piedi dalla piazza centrale di Tirana, nello stesso tempo però situato in una stradina tranquilla (cosa molto importante dato il traffico...”"\n  - name: "Frida"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La struttura è super moderna e molto accogliente, ha a sua disposizione tutti i servizi. E la posizione è perfetta, centrale, si può raggiungere quasi tutto a piedi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-at-myslym-shyri.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBeyond its prime location, Luxury Apartment at Myslym Shyri is a mere 5.5 km from the breathtaking views offered by the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and less than 1 km from the enriching National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for those eager to immerse themselves in the city's rich tapestry. The iconic Rock of Kavaje is also within easy reach, located 44 km away, offering an adventurous escape for day-trippers.

Guests are welcomed into a sanctuary of modern comfort, where every detail has been carefully curated to ensure a memorable stay. The apartment boasts a spacious balcony that invites serene mornings or tranquil evenings overlooking the vibrant cityscape. Inside, the air-conditioned space is thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy seating area, a dining area, and a flat-screen TV, creating a home-away-from-home atmosphere. Complimentary WiFi envelops guests in connectivity, ensuring that both leisure and business travelers can stay in touch with what matters most.

The non-smoking accommodation is meticulously maintained, offering towels and bed linen to enhance the comfort of your stay. For those looking to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near notable landmarks such as the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the whimsical Reja - The Cloud, inviting guests to delve into the city's architectural and cultural marvels.

Situated just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Luxury Apartment at Myslym Shyri serves as a gateway for international travelers, offering an effortless transition from the bustling airport to the tranquility of upscale accommodation. Whether visiting for business or leisure, guests will find this apartment to be a perfect retreat amidst the excitement of Tirana.