---\ntitle: "Luxurious Dreamy seaside apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of coastal elegance at the Luxurious Dreamy Seaside Apartment, a recently updated haven located right on the shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525887560.jpg?k=315403473c38d3d47c7cba6e9fa3afb268b8d8dbc4559ad2e8b850dd148fe4e9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxurious-dreamy-seaside-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Agaveve, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3078259\n  lng: 19.487434\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525887560.jpg?k=315403473c38d3d47c7cba6e9fa3afb268b8d8dbc4559ad2e8b850dd148fe4e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525715622.jpg?k=252305b01c74abba227110c174d0ff0a50a3e0d16dac7019b30c6293ec40e203&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525920242.jpg?k=a37cf2e3bbd07fcf1df1af423607752571d5bdf38ab4356496375445b5009141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525910864.jpg?k=33acc90e79b6ba520d374976098d2b22ca0778cef7fa7824fabff2009f220ef5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525911241.jpg?k=44730653e59ab5d1165dd5af0163cf238dca57103a1f04e6c086462e8463cd6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526123278.jpg?k=355902bc7345829926d37db7952dfa5b5eefc31a96c48947efa65b5cf1acc61c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525715609.jpg?k=30d16b55406e521c25e137e026ff2e146a672ec0366fb018f2cea41ec0bc098c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525920303.jpg?k=7a77642c6fbf40e356ab528543ce30c1a7b3d42f27c47de1c5e21499ef01bfaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525941474.jpg?k=89c4b165754443ce07c916f114d157881813ce6e3c65e534441e1f96bcdbe95f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Turisti 20 m"\n  - "Kb Kraja 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sentiliana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property is in an excellent location and is absolutely beautiful and new!”"\n  - name: "Konstantinos"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent service, the apartment was very clean, modern and luxurious and only 1 minute walk to the seaside. The hosts were very friendly and answered all my questions with a smile on their face. Can’t recommend it enough. I will definitely book...”"\n  - name: "Patris"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The house was extremely neat and clean. The host was very welcoming and helpful. They made us great suggestions as how to spend our time in the area.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-dreamy-seaside-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a masterpiece of comfort and style, featuring a spacious layout that includes one bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that merges seamlessly with a fully equipped kitchen. Every detail, from the plush bed linens and towels to the modern flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, has been thoughtfully curated to enhance the guest experience. The addition of a dining area and a terrace overlooking the garden views further elevates the sense of luxury and relaxation.

For those who appreciate convenience, the property does not disappoint. A charming coffee shop on-site and a nearby minimarket cater to guests' needs, ensuring that everything required for a comfortable stay is within easy reach.

Adventure seekers and leisure travelers alike will find plenty to do in the surrounding area of Durrës. From snorkeling and diving in the crystal-clear waters to cycling along the scenic coast, the opportunities for exploration and enjoyment are endless.

Situated just a stone's throw from the iconic Durres Beach and within convenient distance from major attractions like Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the Luxurious Dreamy Seaside Apartment serves as the perfect base for discovering the wonders of the region. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 33 km away, access to this coastal paradise is hassle-free.

In summary, the Luxurious Dreamy Seaside Apartment stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of luxury, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Durrës.