---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartment Tirana City Center"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartment Tirana City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014219.jpg?k=d1b63872983d75f7490325c0c0f63610480cbf4e372ef51e828684a8e5deecec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartment-tirana-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33008693\n  lng: 19.81408365\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014219.jpg?k=d1b63872983d75f7490325c0c0f63610480cbf4e372ef51e828684a8e5deecec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014147.jpg?k=bbb0e82999eacfd54aa4dc95500704bd51ce5b886bb0aff4dc2303260a293781&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014179.jpg?k=297bbff8dc68dcd9c6542686b7f210a294eceaca276d7199d9a54d372d0cf70d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014238.jpg?k=1b94aea04c04d36924a21182ccb9d2cdcf2b47ae80a69505ccb4d3a62ecdcc2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014341.jpg?k=2da4fad0dacf491a82479398efb18974cc90524c8e68e87e0ba1ec443a9294b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014313.jpg?k=4ed63447471c6a9dc4df34e9676f01f9567e4ef2256eddc8d1ea0082ada08968&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014140.jpg?k=225b8f6e88b2fbb1e1d22dd25b2d158879441fa774601a264cfd541cc176dc80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014117.jpg?k=17849c55aa5bba26c070b090491d954bb02c7f557eaf1abc90e9d395bc40a9f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425014192.jpg?k=c0f3bed8d7985eaf93a4af654703aa7c1bb20e187d7f2a65eef4e543710c8bf5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Cafe 20 m"\n  - "Fast Food Stop & Go 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rabjan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“it was very modern and spacious .the location was very good and easy to find . it was very clean and the apartment look excatly like in the photos”"\n  - name: "Egi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very modern, comfortable, spacious, and central.
3 minutes by walking distance from Skanderbeg Square & National Museum.
The host was very helpful with everything we needed.
The area has caffes, pharmacies and restaurants nearby....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-tirana-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis exquisite apartment boasts a spacious layout, complete with air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. The inclusion of a balcony adds a touch of luxury, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax. Connectivity is seamless with complimentary WiFi access throughout the property, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures with ease.

Accommodation includes a well-appointed bedroom designed for rest and rejuvenation, alongside a fully equipped kitchen that caters to culinary enthusiasts looking to prepare their meals. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

For those keen on delving into Albania's rich history and culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the House of Leaves, the National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park, enriching guests' stay with easy access to educational and leisure activities. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making Luxury Apartment Tirana City Center an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.