---\ntitle: "Luxury gated comunity apartament"\ndescription: "Luxury Gated Community Apartment emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427410939.jpg?k=06540378dcf86016f9038ded8ac9ff4b67bbb405031d933f2720af7d67247a4a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-gated-comunity-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Shalqizi, Touch Of Sun, SAUK, Tirane, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2983352\n  lng: 19.8500962\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427410939.jpg?k=06540378dcf86016f9038ded8ac9ff4b67bbb405031d933f2720af7d67247a4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411063.jpg?k=0d16c2501db91ad0ae282e571dfa0553ff2a76768e16292a15415213e9559579&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411044.jpg?k=02942de9d8cc5d7e8072d2d82647c89e9a01b608fad6b6c8595222192a72e297&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411012.jpg?k=1010cb353198c92a598b053bbb6b3832e736986a3fab432109bbdab46cab21a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411074.jpg?k=a06e1d287a91fc650e5dd97a6c68ecf69364aad2045817959474cada3d1414f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427679948.jpg?k=f3622c1f53a4608ee9d071f57685fbe6dc9ddb711319c4966feddad1e23da6b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411090.jpg?k=bd96838319ca955ef8887fbfa4a1c3b57e2871ae3888494ca458ac90a1fa4e56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427411030.jpg?k=2ee720327a309b4dcf25da865152d5f721894b7a91f44d869874d63f2f9c0f73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433914816.jpg?k=dacbe455362267e5ad5722a28ce4ad5619d112d001cb1e6c2448cd98bb00ff01&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Smile 150 m"\n  - "Pusi 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 2.6 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 3.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 3.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 15 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The Apartment was perfect for me and my brothers on our first trip to albania, host was very welcoming and gave us all the information we needed. The Apartment is very large, clean and comfortable and a few minutes drive from a large shopping...”"\n  - name: "Patrick"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The pictures don't do justice to this spotless, bright, modern and spacious apartment. Very nice views across the valley from the balcony. All the amenities including a washing machine. And of course the decent pool. We didn' want to leave.”"\n  - name: "Дарья"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Very spacious, clean and comfortable apartment, closed parking place. you have everything you might need (enough dishes to use the dishwasher, household chemicals, cleaning products). Good quality mattresses and linens. there is a swimming pool...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-gated-comunity-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its spacious layout featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that invites guests to unwind in privacy. The fully equipped kitchen is a dream for those who love to cook, boasting modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, ensuring a comfortable stay.

The allure of this property extends outdoors with a charming dining area, perfect for al fresco meals or simply enjoying the tranquil surroundings. The meticulously maintained garden offers a peaceful retreat where guests can relax and recharge.

Situated 7.1 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and within easy reach of the Rock of Kavaje, 49 km away, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument is also nearby, just 4.1 km away, adding to the list of must-visit sites. For those traveling by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 20 km from the property, ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Luxury Gated Community Apartment stands as a testament to the blend of comfort, convenience, and privacy, making it a top recommendation for those planning a visit to Tirana.