---\ntitle: "Luxurious Apartment at Square 21"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban elegance at Luxurious Apartment at Square 21, a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493266956.jpg?k=61eb9a8b4c89e14250dc0437898548a3d2d0b61382c416542ea5072a094689a1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxurious-apartment-at-square-21\naddress: "Rruga Muhedin Llagani, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32296828\n  lng: 19.79834108\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493266956.jpg?k=61eb9a8b4c89e14250dc0437898548a3d2d0b61382c416542ea5072a094689a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493267103.jpg?k=90068d05987b9c31c2de5a33636d28af6e6b38c3c8e9dfdbebbd9ebb224b0a41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480381.jpg?k=601e3e87d9c73a778a2bf5aed3fa058b88290b816ae46c466bd4a597e237f8dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480379.jpg?k=e1b73a5072e295818fad253ffddd35d95090d0c9ddc14468a5abbda530a088dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480319.jpg?k=c7c9d375e23afc14ff29cf05b81c58cae32e42d8a33036b3432d5b584f6376c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480386.jpg?k=6a68b2d54692d164c46b07a083623746c44aff1c6d9b33e1dc42b4e89b286271&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493267169.jpg?k=4b78e9b444039641d38778bb03fdd98a1216ff65640e5e5f2c0af83be1753fcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480383.jpg?k=463f5507da9c21a9c23d642eb856e60cdd4165b76d19474aeba98f2016f816f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492480391.jpg?k=82e241b9d7d24371ad1ac4f711716c6f98cd9d3e71c3b9cb561b111c281b112b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Lotto 40 m"\n  - "Themmas Kitchen 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-apartment-at-square-21.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nRecently undergoing a comprehensive renovation, Luxurious Apartment at Square 21 offers guests a haven of space and serenity. The apartment boasts a modern, air-conditioned living space complete with a balcony that invites guests to unwind in privacy. The inclusion of free WiFi ensures that connectivity is never an issue, whether for leisure or work.

Accommodation here is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The apartment features a well-equipped kitchen, allowing visitors the freedom to prepare meals as they please. A cozy seating area, complemented by a flat-screen TV, provides the perfect setting for relaxation after a day of exploration. The bedroom promises a restful night's sleep, while the bathroom, equipped with a bidet, adds an extra touch of convenience. Towels and bed linen are meticulously provided, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of hotel living.

For those concerned with privacy and security, Luxurious Apartment at Square 21 does not disappoint. Guests benefit from a private entrance and soundproofing, alongside full-day security services and an elevator, guaranteeing peace of mind throughout their stay.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to the House of Leaves, just 2 km away, and Rinia Park, a mere 2.1 km distance. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 13 km from the property, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Luxurious Apartment at Square 21 emerges as a distinguished choice for those desiring a seamless blend of luxury, location, and tranquility in Tirana.