---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartments in City Center"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartments in City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413550976.jpg?k=1c79bfb9d288b68a619920e51323472fed3dfa0046271eb9cd46e8a65b41d016&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartments-in-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Aleksander Goga, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31711034\n  lng: 19.44515516\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413550976.jpg?k=1c79bfb9d288b68a619920e51323472fed3dfa0046271eb9cd46e8a65b41d016&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414293259.jpg?k=e6fe7ff74e407250ac220d5e0ab87e92dd59840e115d4b19e270c0258699ba65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505286765.jpg?k=6866ad97c5cec160ff9004170eb0702435198c8a156c1e1fda89174f71114e03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407437253.jpg?k=595bf407a2e70afa55b4a5a845cbf297988396d6e684b4de9272de8b8aff509b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407437240.jpg?k=b6cadf5086f163ec4266e4aa041c344f33b7c1e317bd5039d7d82f2b13e5480f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413550983.jpg?k=f8873fac3428fedd51b1fc3b0ae8a8f5d44777bd911e02c798b2d4a820f5e4fc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (86 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzemporio 50 m"\n  - "Vergnano 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 800 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 400 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 550 m"\n  - "1. Maj 650 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Migena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Without a doubt, this review is well-deserved. •The owner was very helpful, explaining in detail where the apartment was located.
•The room was fantastic, very clean, with modern furniture and all the necessary amenities. Moreover, the...”"\n  - name: "Mona"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Luxury appartment with everything you need. The kitchen has everything. Clean and just perfect. Nice location beside bars, restaurants and market.”"\n  - name: "Khrystyna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very nice and big apartment with everything for comfortable staying Kejsi is perfect host, she helped me with everything what I need, recommended some nice places and answered very fast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/finest-apartment-in-citys-centre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests of Luxury Apartments in City Center are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The inclusion of a fully furnished kitchen, dining area, and a private bathroom with luxurious slippers, a walk-in shower, and a hair dryer, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. Additional conveniences such as an oven, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle, along with essential bed linen and towels, underscore the thoughtful attention to detail.

For those who like to keep active or start their day with a burst of energy, a well-equipped fitness room is available on-site. The entire property is enveloped in free WiFi, ensuring that guests remain connected throughout their stay. Families will appreciate the spacious family rooms, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with loved ones.

Adding to the convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily procure essentials without having to venture far. For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, located 39 km and 42 km away, respectively. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the nearest airport, is conveniently 33 km from the property, facilitating ease of travel to and from the accommodation.

Luxury Apartments in City Center stands out as a distinguished option for those desiring a blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience in the heart of Durrës.