---\ntitle: "Luxury seaside apartment"\ndescription: "Luxury Seaside Apartment stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location just steps away from the vibrant Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629688.jpg?k=971933892c5cbf00beca1fe02db125eb12d6da249e997e30fd45c4f5dc34a79d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-seaside-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Agaveve 36 , Apartamenti 6 Shkalla 3, 2027 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30775819\n  lng: 19.48747163\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629688.jpg?k=971933892c5cbf00beca1fe02db125eb12d6da249e997e30fd45c4f5dc34a79d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629783.jpg?k=7e142565f4a32a0bb10099bdadf5c3fe7bb7a553313a2526f6e0f0e00c41a9a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465630077.jpg?k=0c647f4727badcccbedce7557a6a69e2c09e703df80b47374a4e1b362daaa11b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629920.jpg?k=2c6f0d0aa4cb3dc8e189c9cc7956b0171128297c3f0189d12755919eeacedfbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629591.jpg?k=7223add105d7d080483d7ff26a83efdcf6e39d690b2a361ae358320e0cce7f5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465630252.jpg?k=6c3c39b6746ac7b1616ce8a3891bcb484eeb633b21e9a6401d9e94041277ba7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629982.jpg?k=0a15be1b4b70ec074f837382f0c7a119a97ad3ff6be17a2841c802bca88f28c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472482072.jpg?k=12875c769147d8d003eaa2917cf5eced090bd1d1185e5ba3537ac30c7624b7dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465629537.jpg?k=00ef17931e54bcda4d51f37642ae994f4f1e5062d8ee01dfc0b8594c671b6d2d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Turisti 10 m"\n  - "Kb Kraja 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klaudia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and comfortable. Everything we could wish for :) the location was amazing, right in front of the beach and few steps away from great restaurants. The contact with the owners (Mrs Alma and Fatima) was absolutely...”"\n  - name: "Renata"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Excellent location and stuff! Everything very clean and new, just a few steps from the beach. I higly reccomend it, sure we will be back here!🥰🥰”"\n  - name: "Noamne"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Our overall impression is far beyond positive, this was one of the best stays we experienced ever, the host was super helpful, so kind and nice. The apartment was really clean, location perfect, two steps from the beach. We will definitely come at...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/house-in-front-of-the-sea.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in modern living, featuring a single bedroom and bathroom, but not skimping on amenities. Guests will find everything needed for a comfortable stay, including bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to dine in. The addition of a terrace offering sea views elevates the experience, allowing guests to enjoy their meals with a view. The air-conditioned unit also boasts a bidet and a dressing room, ensuring convenience and privacy.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience. While the allure of the beach is undeniable, the apartment's location also makes it a perfect base for exploring further afield. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views of the area, is 42 km away, and the intriguing Rock of Kavaje is just 6.4 km from the apartment. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 33 km away, making Luxury Seaside Apartment an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Luxury Seaside Apartment offers a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it an attractive option for those looking to enjoy the beauty and culture of Durres Beach and its surroundings.