---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartment in Blloku area"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartment in the Blloku area stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience less than a kilometer from Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365805060.jpg?k=357ec2abb2fc73b98257def9a6c2f3ef62876e29e1e4b6b61bc262bb1d0061d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartment-in-blloku-area\naddress: "Bulevardi Gjergj Fishta, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32276701\n  lng: 19.81497562\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365805060.jpg?k=357ec2abb2fc73b98257def9a6c2f3ef62876e29e1e4b6b61bc262bb1d0061d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365804717.jpg?k=de1535f9cef77374bfd819c2b7e5252142780f1260ab3b9aace4337c635b65dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365804716.jpg?k=72a505701deedd635e9a6bf887e56ea187a435acced0ac80c730c5719ff27da5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365804719.jpg?k=28c1c4af28b3ce006084c409afcdad29c0365884540cc3905e21bd095d883cd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365804722.jpg?k=e9ff82cb668a63a281e1f0a4b47fed0192f645c1062dc4944da2ed590567185c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365804760.jpg?k=a5dd4854158b37909fecdde4fc7ba531b73a65059842b64b81b8ac06aafadfa9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Studio"\n  - "King Studio with Sofa Bed"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Konstantinos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“This apartment exceeded all expectations. The comfort matched the photos precisely, if not better. Thanks for the accommodation and I’ll visit this place again .
Ευχαριστώ !!”"\n  - name: "Lina"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect location, close to all the nice bars in Blloku and close to the historical city center. Very clean! Small appartement with everything you need. Would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Enea"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“As the name says all the apartments are luxurious and very modern.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-in-blloku-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to modern living, boasting parquet floors that lead guests through to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and dining area. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV in a cozy living space. The private bathrooms are designed with walk-in showers and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Moreover, the charm of the city is never far away, thanks to the patios featuring outdoor dining areas that offer captivating city views, allowing guests to dine under the stars.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a comfortable stay. For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Pyramid of Tirana, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making Luxury Apartment in the Blloku area an ideal hub for both exploration and relaxation in the heart of the city.