---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartment City Center"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartment City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495675.jpg?k=63191b8d16630d450ab838a37bd61f3e44a15ac57ad5ff0b333e7a1c2210a869&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartment-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Zenel Baboçi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33302838\n  lng: 19.82119208\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495675.jpg?k=63191b8d16630d450ab838a37bd61f3e44a15ac57ad5ff0b333e7a1c2210a869&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495755.jpg?k=d797534ea5b39973797f883d2b00237eb78da6f15f1a28a6591bc4b20f258c41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466606693.jpg?k=d48c4da3c319e5ce838d57837952d07fb5c30e7968b71de6169be6a521f1ba09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495750.jpg?k=b4d4299da8350e4c1c0382f3f85ef016323ee16336a46cb691b69d5f34ca31c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495696.jpg?k=f6f889b8cc2c396618390494388542f91d3f6bd0b55b28ae86bd785059cfc065&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426496070.jpg?k=30dc0518148277ae6886eef1cbd0a2334129cab07105b08f3dbc1c2ac997f3b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495874.jpg?k=ad7ee6586555810f95483b76ad50c2ba011e4cab56fcc460a8192d83a4a06cd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426495753.jpg?k=ef7c302450e0a8589bf7985da2de673c84112958ea8e35bdf619c65767cfd7e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426496061.jpg?k=cf1d17bcbb11ddf747e8838bd310c4d725c5396b595a9f98b9ba872df3cd8106&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 40 m"\n  - "Bujtina E Diellit 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Filomena"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Luxury Apartment merita 5 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ elegante , accogliente ti senti subito rilassato , super pulito , un appartamento dove non manca nulla curato nei minimi dettagli . Un ringraziamento al proprietario disponibile e gentile . Di sicuro ci...”"\n  - name: "Merve"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Evin içi çok güzel döşenmiş, apartmanın dışı ve sokak çok kötü olmasına rağmen eve girince şaşırdık. Çok merkezi bir yerde yürüyerek gezilebiliyor. Ev sahibi geç checkout yapmamıza izin verdi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex is a short distance from significant landmarks, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 4.5 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 1.7 km from the doorstep. For those looking to explore the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the area, the Rock of Kavaje is accessible at 43 km.

Accommodations at Luxury Apartment City Center are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each unit boasts air conditioning for comfort, a private bathroom for convenience, and a well-equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher, oven, microwave, and toaster. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a coffee machine and a wardrobe in all units, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. For an additional touch of ease, towels and linens are available upon request.

Connectivity is seamless with complimentary WiFi throughout the property, and for guests arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee.

The location is unbeatable for culture enthusiasts and shoppers alike, with the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre all within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, making Luxury Apartment City Center an ideal base for exploring Tirana and beyond.