---\ntitle: "LUXURY SEA SIDE"\ndescription: "LUXURY SEA SIDE emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, coupled with breathtaking city and sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030113.jpg?k=2cd35ad88d047fe5ae838576b93f2429be099b2ce4f7df5d9a8b908c99dd979f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-sea-side\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4397427\n  lng: 19.49581341\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030113.jpg?k=2cd35ad88d047fe5ae838576b93f2429be099b2ce4f7df5d9a8b908c99dd979f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030147.jpg?k=0361adf633355bfb94c51f27537e4fae0c3ed8a3c7d013337a418403468cc663&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030155.jpg?k=2dec16a1af644dd40c384a80c15c0dc7531aca9fce84fc095ac7c04b9a844f1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030139.jpg?k=778aca15e620ceba7eb42a4f2e61f7f5538c1ed4d10cbd9be452418d20b5af3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030158.jpg?k=d52f434de7a34c510bba705dc48423fec1add915e6f78fd0b8098aeb72267ec2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496031949.jpg?k=d773b94699cc5128cf7c276bc6a2c757f8bc9eae45a1fb1e78e202cb3f8f07cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030159.jpg?k=5f7fe0d27294e5d3524d871e2f318bd3718feb7ae39a987c24c6b26b5099ef33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496030162.jpg?k=d0c69a2c3e7f129398b563a54a376b050780b9ab5cd8d25a237daf62f5d3c10e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496031955.jpg?k=c59f4f9b3f39968e2be905954ac6ac6feb4f2ec3261546ad2dbfa606a8a321b9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria City 8 m"\n  - "Sapori di Casa 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 400 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Soufiane"\n    country: "Morocco"\n    text: "“The manager was very nice and helpful.
The place was clean and comfortable.
A good location by the sea.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-sea-side.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nUpon entering the spacious apartment, guests are greeted with a well-appointed living space that boasts a balcony offering panoramic views of the sea. The apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave. The convenience of a bathroom equipped with a bidet, alongside the choice of a bath or shower, adds to the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment is air-conditioned, allergy-free, and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a pleasant environment for all guests.

For those arriving by car, the benefit of complimentary private parking is a significant advantage, along with the availability of free WiFi throughout the premises. The 24-hour front desk service ensures that guests' needs are promptly attended to at any time of the day or night. Additionally, the convenience of airport transfers and the option to rent a car directly from the property facilitate seamless travel arrangements.

The presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds an extra layer of convenience, allowing guests to easily procure essentials during their stay. Families traveling with young children will appreciate the thoughtful provision of a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free experience for parents.

For those keen to explore the surrounding area, LUXURY SEA SIDE is ideally located within walking distance of Ri Beach and a short drive from Vjetër Beach, offering ample opportunities for beachside relaxation and exploration. Sightseeing tours available near the property further enhance the experience, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions.

Located 153 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, LUXURY SEA SIDE presents itself as an accessible retreat for both domestic and international travelers, promising a stay that combines the comfort of home with the luxury of a seaside escape.