---\ntitle: "LUXURY Rooftop 23"\ndescription: "LUXURY Rooftop 23 emerges as a gem in Tirana's accommodation scene, following its recent renovation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309451.jpg?k=d84d2239d4b684be6d8ebeb8d1fc791e2b65f1edf1991ef0448795ba8144caeb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-rooftop-23\naddress: "Rruga Ramazan Bogdani, Kompleksi Siri 2 Godina 2, Kati 7, Apartament nr. 20707, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34114688\n  lng: 19.81776454\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309451.jpg?k=d84d2239d4b684be6d8ebeb8d1fc791e2b65f1edf1991ef0448795ba8144caeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309387.jpg?k=df89e2769f57d795afaac6da3e74e694c55f4e2fc9658eceda0f277ba12cfc80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309641.jpg?k=751a30d6bbbd0bb11fc3b45e873713d777193a69f5777c75f9c5926fe609a9dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309475.jpg?k=ed31e564211674abe54ac7a1e180595f1750f11f6e03f10e50627ad77d1bca6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309621.jpg?k=1a80d1da9e925280d23122492463cff59c7e8d3ea19de3c0c3ac7fbd49edc604&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482278554.jpg?k=c38db256ad429a7e38c4a2b90603494ad6587b3e36bda5c6090f891f09daf4c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309467.jpg?k=2bcdc5941338f4a5bd1e8f888958c7f61bf8e33dd47b15bcab961f741baa2d66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309643.jpg?k=88294b846688b1ec02922b7fa8dfdfc3c5ed29c683b4c0c7e41be15169e5ef99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487309625.jpg?k=40f552af7a07ae9e04be63c333eb293ee43e4958ba08b235f665e55146d4da7d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 300 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Restorant Durrsi 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Serina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very comfortable and clean. Also the view left us speechless better then the pictures 10/10”"\n  - name: "Julie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This was our first ever stay in Albania and in Tirana, so we had nothing to compare it with. The host, Mario, was very friendly and responded quickly and positively to any enquiries. Upon our arrival, he kindly gave us a lift to a restaurant in...”"\n  - name: "Temitope"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is really nice and neat. It is also well secured.
I will recommend it for anyone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marios-apartament-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a suite of amenities designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each air-conditioned unit is a spacious sanctuary, featuring a bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with a walk-in shower. The highlight for many is the terrace, offering an outdoor dining area where guests can savor meals against the backdrop of the garden.

Beyond the comforts of the rooms, LUXURY Rooftop 23 ensures convenience and security with services such as an elevator, 24-hour security, and currency exchange. The presence of a minimarket on-site adds an extra layer of ease for guests.

Families visiting LUXURY Rooftop 23 will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of an indoor play area for children, while the picnic area invites all guests to enjoy leisurely days outdoors. Situated 4.8 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 2.8 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the bed and breakfast serves as an ideal base for exploring Tirana's natural landscapes and historical sites. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, LUXURY Rooftop 23 stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury in Albania's capital.