---\ntitle: "Luxury Rooftop Vlora"\ndescription: "Luxury Rooftop Vlora emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by breathtaking mountain and sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489587703.jpg?k=aa2f935fd8da4f082c8af7e059bc448c0400d15925046f1aea0c09683034c1db&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-rooftop-vlora\naddress: "Rruga Shaban Demiraj AP 9, Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44884728\n  lng: 19.49365339\nprice: "US$160"\npriceFrom: 160\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489587703.jpg?k=aa2f935fd8da4f082c8af7e059bc448c0400d15925046f1aea0c09683034c1db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508700789.jpg?k=7a85c915d66d3dbabc4c0e247f01352bbf8b81d75c180ae75fae0a6c7567b837&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508701093.jpg?k=f285ea29b2016495532c895d55c6b31b9ca7bd6fd3d82babdf5b84d64bb5bbf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508700740.jpg?k=dfa0988dbe1796e4fc2eec2444c56b0a1265edd794d36c1986f235511fdd0b1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508701204.jpg?k=bd03008e90db30dc3bfcad8b71fdfbe0e3cb2592279865350d58042de12ba58f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508701002.jpg?k=e352dbcd314fa7fc718ab17b911ac5cf4275138f940e5365cca12647ec958f07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508701238.jpg?k=cd8d324c9c31ec8437056628550bb452a050fd19816ed8977b69fb3eb5e85a81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508700919.jpg?k=b4ae9ca2d831f83ef6d2a43f897293aca7edd4900366f4c24bfff467785649d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508701423.jpg?k=7611df8774495ef753054389eb36e230ecb665fa77bb51058e688feb70652d1d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (63 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 50 m"\n  - "Aiden Zgara Korcare 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 100 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr großzügiges Apartment, alles da was man braucht und sehr komfortabel.”"\n  - name: "Юлія"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Все було неймовірно . Дуже хороша господиня, яка миттєво реагувала на всі наші прохання. Апартаменти наповнені всім необхідним для комфортного проживання Тераса відкриває вражаючі краєвиди на море та гори на якій є меблі та релаксу, а перлиною...”"\n  - name: "Andreeew_13"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Accoglienza assolutamente cordiale.
L'appartamento si trova in ottima posizione, al centro di Valona.
Pulito e dotato di tutti i servizi necessari.
Il terrazzo è stupendo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-rooftop-apartment-vlora-lungomare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious haven that boasts a terrace offering panoramic sea vistas. The apartment is thoughtfully designed with three bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The convenience of two bathrooms with walk-in showers adds to the comfort, while the air-conditioned unit's hot tub and dressing room elevate the sense of luxury.

The property doesn't just stop at providing a comfortable stay; it extends its hospitality by offering a 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, full-day security, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring peace of mind throughout the stay. An outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals under the sky, while the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds an extra layer of convenience.

For those keen on exploring the local area, sightseeing tours can be arranged, promising an immersive experience. The apartment also features an outdoor fireplace and a picnic area, perfect for those looking to unwind in the tranquility of their temporary home.

Located 2.9 km from Independence Square and a bit further from Kuzum Baba, Luxury Rooftop Vlora offers an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 151 km away, the journey to this exquisite retreat is a small price to pay for the unparalleled experience that awaits.