---\ntitle: "Luxury Villa JO-AN"\ndescription: "Luxury Villa JO-AN emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487523702.jpg?k=993c9968f00887b2692d1cbe92ce65edfb4436711766bc8ddfe18c7bf0dcc3d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-villa-jo-an\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7678082\n  lng: 20.00441675\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487523702.jpg?k=993c9968f00887b2692d1cbe92ce65edfb4436711766bc8ddfe18c7bf0dcc3d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487523756.jpg?k=6d4eb581cac4c964ad7cd631c2a553c76de0881a7f93a3f9daabeae2cf517ad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258653.jpg?k=d7da61df70ead364db15ad86009a1d823bbb8004ca59919170ff598c9051f820&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258579.jpg?k=78bd8a2cbc12d1955e09d313940e8c3f2a6fc979872acc51904c4783d343131b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487523727.jpg?k=e50d2a143932996f4c2ac9fea3d1ffcf8aeb53101ea1ddc29f550e949255723c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258644.jpg?k=4bb791e9e222880603ec907a7881d39be1320c0a455d48ad892d8e5ed21a309b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258593.jpg?k=47f72715c3c76d29ed441abcf2277010d23bdd37e70625457a73fb0147b4fc65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258671.jpg?k=25af2a347347fb53444814d375394ba9046cec572f6d35f4d07e9bd3940796d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488258668.jpg?k=816ac584c9814f4b39a83bfcd4e741cd4ededd57f292b1c986e22d976ef6ee03&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (10 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Simple 100 m"\n  - "Agave 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 150 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carolina"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Lovely, clean apartment, really well decorated and in a great location near to Ksmail’s centre and beaches.
The host was very friendly and always available and provided all the basic amenities such as coffee and washing products, for our stay...”"\n  - name: "Mandeep"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was spacious and clean and had all modern appliances. The apartment is finished to a high standard with comfy beds and big rooms. Both bathrooms had showers and there was also a washing machine. There was also a communal pool that...”"\n  - name: "Kumos94"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Wszystko było perfekcyjne. Zameldowanie w nocy przebiegło bez problemów. Dojazd idealny. Nowy budynek, nowe mieszkanie. Basen super.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-villa-jo-an.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe villa boasts an array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. Each apartment within the complex is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and high-speed WiFi. The living spaces are thoughtfully appointed with a satellite flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, as well as a coffee machine and kettle for those morning refreshments. The private bathrooms come equipped with walk-in showers and slippers, ensuring a relaxing end to a day of exploration.

Outdoors, the seasonal swimming pool invites guests to unwind and soak up the sun, while the terrace offers pool views that promise relaxation. For families, a children's pool is available, ensuring fun for all ages. Beyond the comforts of the villa, Ksamil beckons with activities such as snorkeling, fishing, and hiking, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the area.

Luxury Villa JO-AN is not just about the immediate comforts. Its proximity to Bora Bora Beach, less than 1 km away, and the historic Butrint National Park, just 2.5 km distant, positions it as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural heritage of the region. For those arriving from afar, the property is conveniently located 93 km from Corfu International Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Luxury Villa JO-AN stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Ksamil in a setting that combines modern amenities with natural beauty and local attractions.