---\ntitle: "Luxurious Central Apartment"\ndescription: "Located in the heart of Tirana, Luxurious Central Apartment offers an exceptional stay with its prime location and top-notch amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560254.jpg?k=4dafb40654da7148cba999105eddfa96c8d19863e4f2f6b3fecc27f0d57f318d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxurious-central-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Jorga, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32337709\n  lng: 19.81213841\nprice: "US$146"\npriceFrom: 146\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560254.jpg?k=4dafb40654da7148cba999105eddfa96c8d19863e4f2f6b3fecc27f0d57f318d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560354.jpg?k=15fa6a01f5c48a4ef386062100899f8f98174b0be522878930debfad4c331d2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560300.jpg?k=47183d0aaf76620dbc50514fc4008485bfdd972d813551a249e12c757023ee7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560294.jpg?k=2c4b915b2c08f7252daf525889162cc8d42122600935f8c57901df3dc017fbbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560388.jpg?k=a5af2d5a4f129e0381f9d9dff8e018552edd027c54c1a6cbc29295da7303ddb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560304.jpg?k=0eccc695c6a5f43bfa882d08708757c026b1a764e4e65f383f1111fa05c1ae8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560311.jpg?k=32dede3a7b853583a7ecf91e0533c3bcb8952cce4d5b965f653c83567bb77cc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492560338.jpg?k=51ff9f29dcdf193793bb4f97d978e665792342985a1da6e5b0e941076aabeaa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493231298.jpg?k=51bfc1059abae6b8e76293e69fbfdc96f69596ea79e585e4450752622efb12f4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (150 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Varka Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Tsk -Ministria Drejtësisë- 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrianos"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great place me and my family had a really wonderful time staying there. Very convenient location with lots of shops around. The cleanliness was exceptional and the host very easy to communicate.”"\n  - name: "Giorgi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“So good location. verry clean and luxury apartment 10/10. recommend for everyone if u like to stay in pretty luxury and safe apartment in city center of tirana. also owner is amazing person thank u for all”"\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das Apartment war sehr sauber schön und sehr zentral”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-central-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its commitment to comfort and convenience. The apartment is air-conditioned, ensuring a pleasant retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. It boasts two separate bedrooms, making it an ideal choice for families or groups seeking a blend of privacy and shared living space. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to guests' culinary needs, whether they prefer a home-cooked meal or a simple snack. Additionally, towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, emphasizing the apartment's attention to detail.

Guests will appreciate the convenience of free WiFi available throughout the property, keeping them connected during their stay. For those looking to explore beyond the city's core, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 5.8 km away, offering breathtaking views and a unique experience. The Rock of Kavaje, another notable attraction, is 43 km from the apartment, presenting an opportunity for adventurous excursions.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Luxurious Central Apartment ensures ease of travel for both arriving and departing guests. This non-smoking accommodation is a perfect blend of location, luxury, and leisure, making it an excellent choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Tirana.