---\ntitle: "Luxury Villa Alisja Sarande with Private Beach"\ndescription: "Luxury Villa Alisja Sarande with Private Beach emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking an exclusive retreat in Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the serene Saranda Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463187122.jpg?k=65cba4c04a2eab0f198c736e1a3a6d227fbc4d0a7386dcacdeb246a99517c4f4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-villa-alisja-sarande-with-private-beach\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87700463\n  lng: 19.98036316\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463187122.jpg?k=65cba4c04a2eab0f198c736e1a3a6d227fbc4d0a7386dcacdeb246a99517c4f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463189658.jpg?k=29d59d3dc748f5e0b5aaf6166365dd626d0fe9bf4cedf28d7b4e810109eaa5fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463189542.jpg?k=66cdb5597c04f3ab6c4d48a4bd828c784d98d06660bd4c1506f6152aa2198e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463187032.jpg?k=fb0afff19908987c14c94ff3fb1d4dd0158c99b831adbc6ecaf5240dc46c171e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463186249.jpg?k=4156014a15854bc5978004a4a68a939dcaf0453563afd2af22746a6405405686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463187198.jpg?k=4a93d69a57a0353860034626d519f3c331e358115d2754badd989a8a3ede66e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463189960.jpg?k=37abc05a547123f8419a415cd0cd86e6056e926524d2d47079444122a2ce15c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309251752.jpg?k=10386e595db296c26c211591ce1a698b79ffbb84d890f513b32c1dd1f33e1285&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463189810.jpg?k=af65125260a23a002fdd921c0224fd60e5b2388814b69f6f71425271315bb356&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Window"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Studio with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Siro Beach 100 m"\n  - "Leos Grill House 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 9 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 3.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Hotel is very familiar and super new and the rooms are pretty and clean! The staff even washed our clothes when we asked for it. Location nice next to the sea.”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Property is out of the way of manic very busy Saranda , ideally you need a car if you want to get about , private beach was just perfect , also has diving board straight into the sea , family owned & they all chip in to make your stay perfect ,...”"\n  - name: "Saskia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The surroundings and the view and especially the staff was very friendly and helpful. The food was really nice too!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-christo-relax-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nPositioned strategically, the villa is a mere 1.5 km from the bustling Sarande Main Beach and a scenic 19 km drive from the historic Butrint National Park, making it an ideal base for explorers and beach lovers alike. To enhance guest convenience, Luxury Villa Alisja Sarande provides complimentary WiFi throughout the property and offers a paid airport shuttle service for those arriving from afar.

The accommodations at Luxury Villa Alisja Sarande are designed with comfort and elegance in mind. Each room is well-appointed with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a truly relaxing stay. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries, adding to the comfort of guests. Select rooms boast balconies, offering splendid views and a chance to bask in the coastal ambiance. All rooms are furnished with quality bed linen and towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

For travelers flying into the region, Ioannina Airport is located 99 km away, making Luxury Villa Alisja Sarande with Private Beach an accessible haven for both domestic and international visitors. This property stands out as a top choice for those seeking a blend of luxury, comfort, and convenience in the heart of Sarandë.