---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartment in Tirana"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartment in Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996040.jpg?k=69a30d4429ff597bbb99c4ede84e974f37307d01381bbf4e070056840a30f797&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34241646\n  lng: 19.80095643\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996040.jpg?k=69a30d4429ff597bbb99c4ede84e974f37307d01381bbf4e070056840a30f797&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996107.jpg?k=7b21586f41449dc13acd31feaf0395192fa7cc8b6ad57fe3802c74d6b908746f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996191.jpg?k=bf37dc45a95ff193e074215bdef2b7e9517de7f6556c6671724c89fed3f6f07b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996205.jpg?k=2171eb2ea1457a81ed370f228bed56c7575935bf823feaf34b6a4595522e4818&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996165.jpg?k=c13593487d030a0adbea771735df4832d3d17a9dea5fbb8d687084c7c59a31b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389821878.jpg?k=673a3979843521fe3670ddaf9d58495643c2e65f7d962361c4fce645492ab828&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996171.jpg?k=7288fd0e8b0ef103e408d64878d3d2b655d55e1ece9a9cee215bc2b3609111ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996188.jpg?k=150ce9df9607d70bdec27714dca96c5bb1095c41c94945166dd49137fb017cc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363996148.jpg?k=8c2abf9544571769c17747a6e4a9c4b5b1066f37dd6afe83a46c2a2459abc0af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Besi 50 m"\n  - "Caffe & Lloto Prado 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.4 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.9 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 2 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eshaq"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“The apartment is very spacious and comfortable. Its 30 minutes walk from centre attraction. The apartment located in a complex surrounded with playground for kids, coffee shops, restaurants, grocery stores and private parking.”"\n  - name: "Abraham"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Everything was great and the host was so friendly!! The place had everything needed and cafes were all over”"\n  - name: "Jk"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The aprtmant is very spacious and has everything you need. Good size two bedrooms and two bathrooms. The location is great. Easy to comunicate with the owner. There is a market and a cafe near the place. We would defenatly stay there again when...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-in-tirana-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service, ensuring guests' needs are promptly met at any hour. Additionally, the presence of an elevator and the provision of free WiFi throughout the premises underscore the property's dedication to guest comfort and connectivity.

Positioned just a short drive from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, the apartment is an ideal base for exploring Tirana's rich cultural landscape. The accommodation itself boasts a generous layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a layer of convenience for guests.

The apartment's terrace offers serene garden views, creating a tranquil setting for relaxation. An outdoor dining area further enhances the living experience, allowing guests to enjoy meals in the open air.

For quick bites and essentials, the property hosts a snack bar and a minimarket, catering to guests' immediate needs without the necessity to venture far. 

Explorers looking to venture beyond the city will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within reach, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Additionally, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located nearby, presenting an opportunity for a deep dive into Albania's historical narrative.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated just 12 km away, making Luxury Apartment in Tirana a compelling choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Tirana.