---\ntitle: "Luxury Apartaments Tirana"\ndescription: "Luxury Apartments Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374802705.jpg?k=cf0d538877c2da6166f981165ed9f96454970aae9065618fe48ce4dcdb4843c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-apartaments-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Liqeni i Thate colombo 2 , floor 1 , nr 2, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30552773\n  lng: 19.81512643\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374802705.jpg?k=cf0d538877c2da6166f981165ed9f96454970aae9065618fe48ce4dcdb4843c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374800780.jpg?k=abd9622b2214d3eeb1022e3693bc3e79edd13f7c204c227d6ab41f6d439b71bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374801254.jpg?k=01e36f17be829ae303df819f2456653497a99c1c7ab21a9b8e4a790394823e76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374801829.jpg?k=8548f1ebd207250b77d20b2f0313cba4122322158fd575d3a5d5bc5541c3e03c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374802636.jpg?k=b3dbb001ffc11cb1e25700307871c0d7b0c4a8284c5d2964b8d978976a52a355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374801962.jpg?k=a40f773aa46e35343b9dde082f27bab5a0f04c69d6705a1a3359364754413265&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374800985.jpg?k=6dc773e46f143bd3755db37b05268ed4a6157921a66db4772a1709dd36a51c53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374801196.jpg?k=df7f57c64952db777fa6e0f2db05a329b264adf180c4f193efe8cbaa84f94f53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402894463.jpg?k=61bfcddc1ca32ce5b1d04f6b461b72b4cdfbed697f185e4aa35e390f315ba1d2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Bar à Pizza Classic 20 m"\n  - "Tissi Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pylli Orbital 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tuna"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Great location close to the center, a clean and neat apartment with a nice and friendly host.”"\n  - name: "Pınar"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect the house was very clean and nice. Also the owner is very helpful for everything”"\n  - name: "Sonya"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The accommodation was perfect. awesome owner who helped us with everything. The owners helped us to experience best two days in Tirana”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-apartaments-lake-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a spacious layout that includes a living room with a cozy seating and dining area, a bedroom, and a bathroom equipped with both a bidet and a shower. The fully equipped kitchen, boasting a dishwasher, oven, and microwave, invites guests to feel at home, while the inclusion of a PS4 and a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures entertainment is never far away. The air-conditioned unit also offers an allergy-free environment, catering to the needs of every guest.

For those who relish the outdoors, the apartment's terrace with an outdoor dining area presents the perfect setting to enjoy the serene mountain views. Additional amenities such as a 24-hour front desk, lift access, and currency exchange services underscore the property's commitment to guest convenience.

Not just a haven for relaxation, Luxury Apartments Tirana caters to the needs of families with an indoor play area and offers both bicycle and car rental services, making exploration of the surrounding area a breeze. The presence of a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site adds to the convenience, ensuring essentials are always within reach.

Strategically positioned, the property is a short distance from notable attractions including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away. For those requiring transportation, a paid airport shuttle service is available, adding an extra layer of ease to the travel experience.

Luxury Apartments Tirana not only promises a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient but also offers a gateway to the rich culture and history of Tirana, making it an ideal choice for discerning travelers.