---\ntitle: "Luxury Holiday in Royal Apartment for King and Queen"\ndescription: "Luxury Holiday in Royal Apartment for King and Queen emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking an exceptional stay in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204316570.jpg?k=d2b6158a09325201b5aa3a725fab181bbb7153b3501a96b7a7c053371eaa5d67&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: luxury-holiday-in-royal-apartment-for-king-and-queen\naddress: "Sheshi Europa, Rruga Bilal Xhaferi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87075437\n  lng: 20.00076741\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204316570.jpg?k=d2b6158a09325201b5aa3a725fab181bbb7153b3501a96b7a7c053371eaa5d67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308786738.jpg?k=819e0b3cbb165e9792e73e12fd58f9bffbfcd7120feef70a9656ad801d99817e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308787599.jpg?k=56175dcb0a1c380fbfa05a307235e45e15fae42e6b40c9b86677e33063c26325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204315737.jpg?k=c2d0d7df57d3626262fa62f8374622dc1c738d2236eb33a8b146f974cdb76e7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204315864.jpg?k=9777aed78d3f52a57f3ab759d404ea49be09ead4796b4867ce6018e60876b508&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153688405.jpg?k=7680829bd07293618ad96e0c9b6793313d020193dd1155d7c5470d9f92ab1150&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205290287.jpg?k=333307dfe8de8c09bc0b38123cee4cec867e8957e1e07043877483a5b79b8d7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308787653.jpg?k=878f58f556fd6f02642eab816c07da620909bfb17918f1305dbafca61acfe6c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308780198.jpg?k=6d729b165ade6882d81318910eef220230ced46026c303612421a56c842eaa7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153688435.jpg?k=fc9484337d5df55af5e962b277cfd30cd4fe2b0f1ea329da16cedde28d1036c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347647630.jpg?k=27aabe8575c4b766c4defc9ff23d524029312b37fe42db8d3682bcd9a2b192b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204315896.jpg?k=24c08888a68a3974775eb934fecaddf0080b34e9d78e2ced5b47df6b2e5777d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taste of Tradition 50 m"\n  - "Friends 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 800 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jack"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Highly recommended! If you stay in this apartment you will be treated with great hospitality. Pavel and his team are simply fantastic! Spacious apartment with good location and excellent view! The rooms are comfortable, nice and clean. The Smart...”"\n  - name: "Justin"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great balcony with amazing sea views! A very good apartment. Perfect location, 5 mins walk to centre of town and ferry port and 3 mins walk to nice beaches. Very helpful owners! This was an excellent visit and far exceeded e pectations!”"\n  - name: "Heikki"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Gorgeous view from the balcony! The beaches are in close proximity. Access to the beach is 2 minutes slow walk. Apartment is in a new building. New, well equipped with everything you need, apartment. Everything inside ideally - a fresh renovation...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sweet-life.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living and modern amenities. Guests are treated to two elegantly appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower, and a dressing room for utmost privacy. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. Moreover, the air-conditioned unit opens up to a terrace offering serene sea views, enhancing the overall experience of relaxation and tranquility.

Beyond the confines of the luxurious apartment, the property boasts a range of facilities designed to cater to every guest's needs. A beauty service, a fitness room, and a family-friendly restaurant with complimentary WiFi access ensure that guests have everything at their fingertips. For those looking to maintain their wellness routines, yoga and fitness classes are readily available. Additionally, the convenience of a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site adds to the ease of the stay.

Adventurous guests will appreciate the car rental service and the proximity to hiking trails, allowing for exploration of the surrounding beauty. Noteworthy attractions such as Saranda Bay Beach, La Petite Beach, and Maestral Beach are easily accessible, promising days filled with discovery and enjoyment.

For those traveling from afar, the property's paid airport shuttle service to and from Ioannina Airport, located 97 km away, ensures a seamless arrival and departure. Luxury Holiday in Royal Apartment for King and Queen stands out as a distinguished destination for those desiring a blend of scenic beauty, luxury, and convenience in Sarandë.