---\ntitle: "Magic Space Petros Skafias"\ndescription: "Magic Space Petros Skafias emerges as a charming bed and breakfast, recently renovated to offer a serene retreat in Shkodër, just a stone's throw away from the breathtaking Theth National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356851256.jpg?k=a73c1f9ab383e7efd7038c8cb08a99d0ec0a7257d62fe6209352d373adedfd15&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: magic-space-petros-skafias\naddress: "Ruga e Gjelajve, 4009 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.40255585\n  lng: 19.77383902\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 179\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356851256.jpg?k=a73c1f9ab383e7efd7038c8cb08a99d0ec0a7257d62fe6209352d373adedfd15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379634191.jpg?k=443f191abac928e5fa0090f21668a6137f94a23322862c539fad4f1bd338f32a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356851280.jpg?k=340b8cd77e591993b41c1069a4f8bd2a2674d01549a871486b02ea91e6e489d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477769517.jpg?k=38573c07a26946a7b79f2179e10c97f036f08f83990119b2bbcead1483daa966&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477769412.jpg?k=72224f214ad0a9e56fb7879d9104421a5cf239950f697d725fe8ab280b5237cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477810579.jpg?k=e1fc42c209e1bd08cc261bac1231afee371973cca0d11921836564866844a2e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377891185.jpg?k=d1b24e20f711f404ed1a383dcf66ce8e6561d58f60060a8985682de57021422a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477769414.jpg?k=7004df30a7fe0086c8276f029e0bd48b5eac24910996215dc3e6450098f8dba0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356851217.jpg?k=6883932fa42d0e424441f71c331b138e263d69251f331d3114d13f02525e84fe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Café 300 m"\n  - "Restorant 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 13 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 19 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 85 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shareen"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Comfortable room in beautiful surroundings. Nice garden surrounded by the mountains. Maria and her daughter were kind and generous hosts and made us feel at home! Food was great with huge breakfast.
Location is good for starting valbone - Theth...”"\n  - name: "Oren_reuven"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The place is very beautiful, quite and peaceful. The room is big and very clean and there is a big yard that you can chill and relax. The host is super kind, she doesn't know English very good but she is trying her best to make your stay as...”"\n  - name: "Fabian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The star of this stay is definitely Maria. She is one of a kind and it’s an absolute blast what she and the team behind her do her.
She is easily the most hospital person I have met during my trip and goes out of her way to make sure you got...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/magic-space-petros-skafias.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Magic Space Petros Skafias are thoughtfully appointed, ensuring a comfortable stay for every guest. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe for personal belongings, and a private bathroom featuring a shower and complimentary slippers, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. The commitment to comfort is further evidenced by the provision of free WiFi, bed linen, and towels, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Dining options on-site include a restaurant offering delightful meals, perfect for guests looking to savor local flavors without venturing far. Additionally, a snack bar is available, catering to those in-between meal cravings or for a quick bite.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the bed and breakfast doesn't disappoint. Guests are invited to relax on the sun terrace, gather around the outdoor fireplace for memorable evenings, or explore the picnic area for a day spent enjoying the natural beauty of the surroundings. The views of the mountain and garden from the property are simply captivating, offering a perfect backdrop for relaxation and rejuvenation.

Located 90 km from Podgorica Airport, Magic Space Petros Skafias presents an accessible escape for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and tranquility. Whether it's the allure of Theth National Park or the inviting ambiance of the bed and breakfast itself, this destination promises a memorable stay for all who visit.