---\ntitle: "Magic 777"\ndescription: "Magic 777 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774529.jpg?k=7dedaa61733c9ca0775fa215db02f08ec0b1f7822b12a98f6af98fa322d2d389&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: magic-777\naddress: "8F6J+JM4, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31070472\n  lng: 19.48323085\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774529.jpg?k=7dedaa61733c9ca0775fa215db02f08ec0b1f7822b12a98f6af98fa322d2d389&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774539.jpg?k=797f33acd45d6355f4da3318e3f518b618eaf024695299aab734a09039c76b74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774461.jpg?k=6df8e3b8aa60c98fc7603d8bd954cbdf70fed17c0762903137f85c95fbfb7055&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774637.jpg?k=19a6b8db3382b5eac42fccd0d6e4a3c0058a867b471ffd0cba06085cc05c1955&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774348.jpg?k=fb73f7a85e402e9d1c4d97eef29448a8f1b3d120441f79b5b0fcf8d335f222eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774642.jpg?k=ec623c93c3749310268b763e639f912bda615d204be904d3f8e4f76e31afc4d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774441.jpg?k=6a29cd69fdfd621f24d6a41193c52a0396ad207fb6c5fa33789b4639e37eaf78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774516.jpg?k=02f6ff5a3964f9f90a9b10c150e32b4dd7cc0e2410c8a2ad2fa4e7a168f80dbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430774551.jpg?k=d5c436ef211cd5dc4acac896686664e4a63d5c63849ebbbc7f208f2b8133e132&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skrapari 20 m"\n  - "Antigua 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 40 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Todea"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Seriozitate și comunicare foarte buna. Toate pozele sunt reale, locația din punctul nostru de vedere este de top, plaja din fata blocului este cea mai buna și cea mai curată din ce am văzut noi plimbându-ne. Atenție! Când veți ajunge la locație,...”"\n  - name: "Mirek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Lokalizacja tuż przy plaży, blisko barów, restauracji i sklepów. Przestronny apartament na 4. piętrze (z windą): 2 sypialnie, 2 łazienki (jedna z prysznicem, umywalką, WC, pralką i bidetem; druga z jacuzzi, umywalką i wc), salon z aneksem...”"\n  - name: "Nation"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr gastfreundlich, bei jeder Kleinigkeit die gesagt wurde alle Wünsche erfüllt. Professionelles Verhalten klasse Service - Möbel und einriechtungen waren gut man hatte alles was man benötigt Teller Gabel Messer töpfe, decken waren sauber...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedrooms-apartment-777-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as an oven and a microwave, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. The inclusion of a TV and a bathroom equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a hotel. Importantly, the entire space is designated as non-smoking, catering to the preferences of health-conscious guests.

For those who appreciate the little conveniences, Magic 777 does not disappoint. The property facilitates seamless arrivals and departures with airport transfer services and offers the flexibility of a car rental service for guests eager to explore the surroundings at their own pace. 

Adding to the charm is a coffee shop and bar on-site, providing a perfect setting for guests to enjoy leisurely mornings or relaxing evenings. 

Notably, the apartment is conveniently located near several attractions, including the Rock of Kavaje, just 6.7 km away, and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 38 km from the property. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 32 km away, making Magic 777 an accessible haven for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Magic 777 stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering spacious, air-conditioned living spaces with the added benefits of stunning views, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities, making it a compelling option for travelers to Durrës.