---\ntitle: "Mai Tai Resort"\ndescription: "Mai Tai Resort emerges as a serene oasis just a short drive from the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and culinary delights."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164950502.jpg?k=c92a4b679ba333112017afb31bbf66493abb18334011cab25b07cc1e2c753587&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mai-tai-resort\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28540896\n  lng: 19.85571487\nprice: "US$108"\npriceFrom: 108\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 82\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164950502.jpg?k=c92a4b679ba333112017afb31bbf66493abb18334011cab25b07cc1e2c753587&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149267905.jpg?k=3282b1c682b34669f27558614ca3d9ecaff13bb80aa6468aa05c8c1b5a6d4161&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150561933.jpg?k=a5e11f77d43aee1c6d286e4c0925dc97818233e5a26cfd0e7d7e609554bb7960&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152646254.jpg?k=c3381f6987528329f5dffc04d0a830327d37cd834c71d1d1f2db970e909a5dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150561940.jpg?k=33f79eeefd2cba2b8d0898d1a116ed1ab1401d70c2220dc1f5dd57620cf03d94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465086087.jpg?k=cd7cb7ad0e9f96ca852d87bdca514a291e58481faa1e148c4792eb5a78b732f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465085768.jpg?k=f15f7c10370fc4fceeed3f6d0a3deb3bac04da4e886913fdbf258fb316973269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465085546.jpg?k=2f79dfcbb5b9b239771ddacda91d93b4e514c3c271b5a4005b6e18186a6e317c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152645866.jpg?k=17837b341d01b54c4f63d999e7eb588e77273593efa932209603830607b28b60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152647622.jpg?k=85c3dd1128ca8a8891805ff284d804c4bf3031a908207fb3db61dc145d7804d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152645760.jpg?k=30dea1002898647db3c30fd09e12f0fdbe948c646f1e4a6d0d2a046d0fd3a453&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150561927.jpg?k=81dcb07b7efe19324afb658abdb2bcc64915d3ecc2c61eb6eeff4f8e5a112e77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ottomans Oriental Cuisine 200 m"\n  - "Ottomans 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 3.4 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 3.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 4.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.5 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 4.6 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abbie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“- located just outside of the busy city but right next to a shopping Center so it was easy to get a bus or taxi to places - The pool was clean and a great place to relax I travelled at the end of the “summer season” on the weekend the music was...”"\n  - name: "Jordan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The pool was amazingly clean. The bathrooms were great.”"\n  - name: "Enxhi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful experience at Mai Tai Resort! The room was very clean, comfortable and spacious. The staff is extremely efficient, pleasant and helpful. The breakfast was delicious with plenty of choice. The price is very convenient and the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mai-tai-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of tranquility, with accommodations that boast air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those moments of downtime. Safety is paramount, with each room equipped with a safety deposit box, while the private bathrooms feature a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and secure. For those needing to stay connected or plan their next day's itinerary, a desk is conveniently provided in all guest rooms.

The culinary experience at Mai Tai Resort is not to be missed. The on-site restaurant tantalizes taste buds with an array of dishes from American, Greek, and Italian cuisines, with vegetarian options readily available upon request. Whether it's a refreshing swim in the seasonal outdoor pool, a leisurely stroll through the garden, or a relaxing moment in the shared lounge, guests have ample opportunities to unwind.

Practical amenities have not been overlooked, with free private parking, room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange services all contributing to a hassle-free stay. For those looking to explore, the former Residence of Enver Hoxha lies just 7.3 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje is a bit further afield at 49 km, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history and natural beauty.

Situated 20 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mai Tai Resort stands as an accessible retreat for both international visitors and those traveling within Albania. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest satisfaction, Mai Tai Resort is a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay near Tirana.