---\ntitle: "Maison Centre"\ndescription: "Maison Centre emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in their accommodation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443965404.jpg?k=b270bcee4f04d0fa248763ab847ffedb768d8bd93cae370c996240bcd83fcedc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maison-centre\naddress: "Rruga Gjylbegaj, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06838406\n  lng: 19.51005837\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 82\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443965404.jpg?k=b270bcee4f04d0fa248763ab847ffedb768d8bd93cae370c996240bcd83fcedc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448954713.jpg?k=9b7bd2cf45da943b671b684f8af035cd782560cf8aee587f774014c47ac71eb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448745499.jpg?k=0cb827e71a36f1b83d467e517bfae71f7502ca5dd142d86dd588bfb35e4216c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448747207.jpg?k=b65784134c41af91edbc198f4b3bee6556a538e5ce070996d19706931c027c18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443965426.jpg?k=88cf81a2c6fecf8c94960287a464a08a166fb05ffbead2f8c8482eeed9089892&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443965437.jpg?k=af5ae262aac316783beaa58a4dcc2c57973d56b9270e93896a2ee62cca7e064d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe e Bluar TURKE & ESPES 40 m"\n  - "Déjà Vu 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.8 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 37 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ppgiannak"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment, in the center of town, clean and nice. The host was very friendly and helped us a lot.”"\n  - name: "Anjeze"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Great location, a 4 minute walk to the city center. Everything was super close. The room was extra clean and very comfortable. The host was responsive and reliable.”"\n  - name: "Lejlata"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Perfect Host, perfect Apartment, perfect Location!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/maison-centre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Maison Centre are treated to complimentary amenities such as WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The family-friendly nature of the complex is highlighted by its spacious family rooms, designed to accommodate groups of various sizes.

Each apartment is thoughtfully equipped with essential furnishings, including a wardrobe for personal belongings. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with a bidet and hair dryer for added convenience. Comfort is paramount, with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV standard across all units, while select apartments also boast a cozy seating area for relaxation.

For added ease, guests will find bed linen and towels provided in each unit, ensuring a comfortable and worry-free stay. Maison Centre's location is further complemented by its proximity to Podgorica Airport, situated 58 km away, making it an accessible option for both domestic and international travelers.

Maison Centre stands out as a prime choice for those in search of a serene retreat that does not compromise on accessibility or comfort.