---\ntitle: "Maison D’artiste"\ndescription: "Maison D’artiste stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515159670.jpg?k=52155cf740a222a23bec0b970fa70cbdd243188699d0ce51689befb0d77adf06&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maison-d-artiste\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko Étage 4 AP18, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33745484\n  lng: 19.80352648\nprice: "US$13"\npriceFrom: 13\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515159670.jpg?k=52155cf740a222a23bec0b970fa70cbdd243188699d0ce51689befb0d77adf06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129800.jpg?k=4ffec6fab319520c39aadb5d39f9e0dedd1576723daf52cc73ad597e874659fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129817.jpg?k=2e1039f652b77a923f08b95a4338005828947bbbe32bcae80287a773a16ae8ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129812.jpg?k=921862412c9ec2a4ffd9c2d4cd14254fa01b404c406d556bad221b4d5aee06bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129821.jpg?k=09eb1be6ca05196cb87fa2aa2f2a829967d3dd15f4a3fdc71632036d0224a2d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515158808.jpg?k=96f8dc091ac0abcdfae007971232eae53fa14b058f97b58ef1ed95fd44832abd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129754.jpg?k=6b6ccecf55d57f3549fb3c40a5b7e26c55c857662b8a5931cd4db39f98f2edc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510129827.jpg?k=d91359c4a28b55ace9d39f5e8e725491e2d325639e631b7187503de682d45988&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520203586.jpg?k=ebaad59ea4209dcfea650721d803c950c9a26397b9e4b9da7fd65da48fd3ceea&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Bed in Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Ektos 50 m"\n  - "Qebaptore Gjakova 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giuseppe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The owner is really kind. He is also an artist and can explain to you many things about albania history and tourism attractions.
The guest house is 1.8 km far from center and only 1 km far from international bus center”"\n  - name: "Juampii"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Denis & his friends are really nice people. Educated, cool and very generous. Its a great option if you like alternative and relaxed vibes.
The neighborhood is very living and it's comfortable to go to the center or the airport.
I recommend it”"\n  - name: "Armper"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Everything was perfectly in their place you have that feeling like your in your house , if you wanna come and visit Tirana go to this house of artist , location was the best you can do check in anytime , the owner will help you with the best place...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/maison-d-artiste-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Cultural Experience"\nbestCategories: "Cultural Experience"\ncategory: "Cultural Experience"\n---\n\nThe proximity to cultural landmarks such as the House of Leaves, National Museum of History Albania, and National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania makes Maison D’artiste an attractive option for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture. Additionally, the hostel facilitates a shared kitchen, providing an ATM and currency exchange services, ensuring that guests have everything they need right at their fingertips.

Each room at Maison D’artiste is a haven of relaxation, featuring balconies that offer sweeping views of the city. The rooms are equipped with air conditioning and flat-screen TVs, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler. Guests have the option to start their day with a hearty Full English/Irish or halal breakfast, setting them up perfectly for a day of exploration.

For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located just over 6 km away, offering breathtaking views of the area, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 3 km from the hostel. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is only 12 km away, making Maison D’artiste an ideal base for both international visitors and those looking to explore the vibrant city of Tirana.