---\ntitle: "Majlinda's apartment"\ndescription: "Majlinda's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363790996.jpg?k=61a2949984eb44d1bfe8daf1da4d4b09d33078929eb6fa4e6618069a4d8f5dce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: majlinda-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28489558\n  lng: 19.51147688\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363790996.jpg?k=61a2949984eb44d1bfe8daf1da4d4b09d33078929eb6fa4e6618069a4d8f5dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/363791034.jpg?k=c0479bea199bee29232e9930e71ce6dbe621eb789b1e231ba9c20fe3685e9464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/397303567.jpg?k=ffbb0ecda2cd905a863b69e4891515daccf9c2e16bc299674fa3a597e47c19eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/363791047.jpg?k=f39360ea47195420f2680a47c63d82b1635612d31d1d24f642a7dbd6e102d7c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/397303988.jpg?k=2ee61bd0a684c138145797b1542ff74774e2703be711a77559f334e834e86f87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/363791043.jpg?k=6662218a39e634fbbb92e15456dd3a0c7a4e19b01f506b6664e50d7774a3ddbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/397304070.jpg?k=575dfb16e6661c92f9502fab2ae7406da33690d14d779223263eeb418ceb2742&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 40 m"\n  - "Majestic 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/majlindas-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, boasting soundproof rooms that promise a peaceful retreat from the outside world. It features two elegantly appointed bedrooms, a living room designed for relaxation, and a dining area perfect for intimate meals. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, invites guests to prepare their own culinary delights, while the inclusion of a satellite flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, and the entire apartment is designated as allergy-free and non-smoking, catering to the well-being of all guests.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers a selection of goods, adding an extra layer of ease to the stay. While the allure of the beach is undeniable, guests also have the opportunity to explore further afield. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views from above, is located 45 km away, and the intriguing Rock of Kavaje is just 1.4 km from the doorstep. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being only 35 km away makes Majlinda's Apartment an accessible and appealing choice.

In summary, Majlinda's Apartment stands out as a meticulously designed sanctuary, perfect for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Durrës while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed home away from home.