---\ntitle: "MAK Apartments"\ndescription: "MAK Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211810.jpg?k=f4898cf2ff56e4b5c963a68bd813f7617350fcaab63177a36e8cced03ca14030&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mak-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës Kompleksi Halili building, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33458485\n  lng: 19.82367701\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211810.jpg?k=f4898cf2ff56e4b5c963a68bd813f7617350fcaab63177a36e8cced03ca14030&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211803.jpg?k=8b07af37061c8293e3277c212a430dc78ec0e098ceb766513394f8839156890a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211786.jpg?k=47eaa3359a6e893db25f3e974375c802f5e9297c4f6d14443c9a43ad540ee0ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211702.jpg?k=9ef870e8f134f5f3208deeffe99e3dc6c5074db77abaf1f9ae79d0997e209190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211793.jpg?k=47a5cb7c7c4e63d4a03f81d68021693ddd4b12f6acf13b8747f2e9e1e9a08772&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211779.jpg?k=5f939172ca2cf5f0fe3973ae53dc095de2cafd853ead354172c64e3857ca011b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211806.jpg?k=621541fabe1222721604557be9c82232f8b4e2c4341eb72bc2b780a41924b1ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211795.jpg?k=714d7e265783418fc201fd946b288430849aa9777d220b7745057f800ab7e61f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361211759.jpg?k=f2c8e6573ffc6c2d674bd92727bfd45808a0ede3f7db80b7df3119eeaffb1561&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New Jersey 30 m"\n  - "Vila Goldi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alsi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“A very nice and clean apartment. Very beautiful and modern inside, located close to everything!”"\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“It is an exceptional apartment, I would say even above my expectations. Marlind - the host has been very helpful. He certainly made our stay in Tirana even better. Thanks a lot Marlind :) The apartment is very conveniently located. There are...”"\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“This propriety is amazing. A lot of space, two bathrooms, all the rooms are very big. wifi, netflix, big kitchen with everything. The owner is very nice and helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mak-city-center-apartment-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, featuring two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. It is equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, and two bathrooms complete with a bidet. Additional luxuries include a bath and a dressing room, ensuring a comfortable and private retreat. It's noteworthy that MAK Apartments is committed to providing a smoke-free environment.

For those who might need essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to those needs without the necessity of leaving the comfort of the apartment. 

MAK Apartments is strategically positioned near several of Tirana's attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, ensuring easy arrivals and departures.

In summary, MAK Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering both the luxuries of modern living and the ease of access to the city's rich cultural tapestry.