---\ntitle: "Malasi Apartments Ksamil"\ndescription: "Malasi Apartments Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435247822.jpg?k=e5aefb4c46822b1a1bd029a8a188dcf552483ede62e194576b67cce3ee69d3ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: malasi-apartments-ksamil\naddress: "Eqerem Çabej -, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77657259\n  lng: 20.0064683\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435247822.jpg?k=e5aefb4c46822b1a1bd029a8a188dcf552483ede62e194576b67cce3ee69d3ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435241110.jpg?k=5426a856df53d1a4ae4427f48d1cc70f67ba067a172aa5c708ad1ca96ae3c04f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435238683.jpg?k=83a2d59313d64bb4e9c29c8ec672752611526f5733e48edc663500ddb1948cf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435239230.jpg?k=04781ea2e6f5a773eb5a64b65ebc8d5705c155edd06959e823971e0ff31e202e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435240554.jpg?k=462e2a46eb1ed445adec80278fdf22e9c8686730f9bdbcae93d28c22572d1cd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435237391.jpg?k=1027714f4a3ac6019163d1bd65337b51cdc2b9229e548ca176d90905c28e62d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435237424.jpg?k=4a759a3ee9bae14c8d1904d85dcd4591be80d2d4f0856195ed6fc1c3f418e659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435237461.jpg?k=8a320e99144d656271a589f166d3d7342d094480a1b216215e8f339b8241b206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435237493.jpg?k=f6a3e8c80df33d14a693fde617fc90950457c170828c6baafe471e5d9dee257c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "marikseli 40 m"\n  - "LArte della Pizza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very Nice and funny host! Chill, relaxed vibe! Apartement was wonderful!!”"\n  - name: "Giacomo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Big apartment, with a nice kitchen and living room. The owner was very kind. Apartment was clean and cool. Good choice if you want to stay away from the noise of the center of Ksamil.”"\n  - name: "Fatbard"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The hosts were very friendly,the rooms were clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ksamil-apartments-malasi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment in this cozy complex boasts a private balcony, presenting breathtaking mountain views that promise to enchant guests from the moment they arrive. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, soundproofing, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower. For those who delight in crafting their own meals, select rooms come with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a stovetop.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Malasi Apartments Ksamil invites guests to take advantage of the outdoor barbecue and garden area, perfect for relaxing or dining al fresco when the weather is favorable. 

The property's location also serves as an ideal base for exploring the surrounding area, including the historic Butrint National Park, located just 3.6 km away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 93 km from the apartments, making it a convenient option for those coming from afar.

With its combination of comfortable accommodations, stunning views, and a location that puts the best of Ksamil at your doorstep, Malasi Apartments Ksamil stands out as a top choice for visitors to this beautiful part of the world.