---\ntitle: "Mammy's Home"\ndescription: "Mammy's Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362187152.jpg?k=63323904cbd36ee8aa38d9ce5db99d8759868a994278396b2ab14f8ef256134f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mammy-s-home\naddress: "Rruga Pjeter Budi 61/1 Apartment 10, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32163317\n  lng: 19.82883595\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362187152.jpg?k=63323904cbd36ee8aa38d9ce5db99d8759868a994278396b2ab14f8ef256134f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300217511.jpg?k=182685c2427679662e40f7311c224ef7948ed7d816d02eba5345d0cf177f72f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300216490.jpg?k=54121c07f02c24585492e4fe504f70466ef284a49a60ad83fe4f1747388faf62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362187409.jpg?k=3c8bb3293a8b010a045778f97eab4d1877ab58d0f0a142da806e2bf5deea866d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524712771.jpg?k=fc1fd91905ddd97a9b0962e1f8e9564ed4f9353f03fd392e2f0d6c57a14ac92e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506263583.jpg?k=caea04653e8515515dc3ef45f7a5ed642eef78e0abc68630738125ab66428356&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/160187869.jpg?k=f3b25fcbdcf4fa663bbbe6f0b061252507263818aae6bd12eb843dd95353e5cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300220102.jpg?k=c0cd7d38d2012dcfa564c91894dddb50c0833bb1d3844152eedffb75e37e9f8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362187835.jpg?k=58dcb288a27a2ed9060a027fb8d0209effc5e80e3ae4e11c98a5f79a2f7714d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (51 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama 20 m"\n  - "small apple 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Inga"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Area is perfect, full of shops, cafes, gym, center is not far, coffee shops, hairdresses, value for money was great.”"\n  - name: "Karen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very spacious and in a good location. Very walkable to the centre and very close to the Southeastern bus terminal.”"\n  - name: "Vasmatics"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent location for an unbeatable price. The host was very friendly and communicative. The place was clean, comfortable and very spacious.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mammy-39-s-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its air-conditioned, 2-bedroom layout that includes a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen ready for culinary adventures with an oven and toaster, and a bathroom complete with slippers, ensuring a comfortable and self-sufficient stay. The added bonus of mountain views elevates the experience, offering guests a serene backdrop to their urban exploration.

Connectivity is never an issue at Mammy's Home, with complimentary WiFi and on-site parking ensuring that guests remain connected and mobile with ease. The convenience extends with the availability of airport transfers, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. For those looking to explore the city on two wheels or require a car for further travels, bicycle and car rental services are readily available.

The property doesn't just cater to the practicalities of travel but also adds a touch of leisure with its in-house bar - a perfect setting for unwinding after a day of exploration. Additionally, the grocery delivery service stands as a testament to Mammy's Home commitment to guest comfort, allowing for a personalized and hassle-free stay.

Situated near several of Tirana's notable landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Saint Paul Cathedral, guests are perfectly positioned to dive into the rich history and vibrant culture of the city. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 17 km away, Mammy's Home presents itself as an accessible and inviting option for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.