---\ntitle: "Mamma's Apartments"\ndescription: "Mamma's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806732.jpg?k=ef8d66babeb20b1418002ebc7101ba6453b2dc5688cc339eb372332786a906c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mamma-s-apartments\naddress: "Ismail Qemali & Themistokli Bahima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87294625\n  lng: 19.99541487\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 85\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806732.jpg?k=ef8d66babeb20b1418002ebc7101ba6453b2dc5688cc339eb372332786a906c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806759.jpg?k=251c985b34a8d40bbefd56f5f8134050ab02cdf381ae89659337a7ea1e718f29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806897.jpg?k=63cb5d5cb7b0e2dc70c5832541217e7fd071d4a8e865d3425ac59ef13513e2d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806899.jpg?k=26877cd930cbc3e3d11994064300cad32511553a9f9df9b80df620efcc7b171f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806863.jpg?k=2b8d676d1acb0e8da571bd4bd43daf2ad1e88f12b4c402098c66f1426a21b63c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806824.jpg?k=cdb2e7cc6858313a639293fefecdfef310f0b15767f94af0d56ba9997b1a8213&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806891.jpg?k=bd2a1fda7962be3289409c0042608a725165b4a9b8a2989103e74ce6b894b8f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806884.jpg?k=29236522bffbc76871bd5a6e52fb230a710d2cc23835b545e7b49190df4396bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454806805.jpg?k=33d0a81aaa413faace083fd6816020e9059b72a8b3e97b02059a89a148fa0a5d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Rustemi 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Kapiteni 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ania"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment was great - balcony was huge; we got everything we needed. Close to the beach, calm at night. Would recommend to anyone, I would be happy to come back again!”"\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartments are very conveniently located close to the beach, local shops and restaurants. The owner is a wonderful and warm-hearted woman who can help with all the issues. The apartments are very clean and comfortable,equipped with mod cons....”"\n  - name: "Monique"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Very helpful host, rooms are very spacious and comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mammas-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Mamma's Apartments are treated to a suite of amenities designed to make their stay as comfortable as possible. Each apartment boasts air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from the Mediterranean warmth. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi access throughout the property adds to the hassle-free experience.

The living spaces are thoughtfully appointed with tiled floors and a fully equipped kitchenette, including a refrigerator, stovetop, and kettle, complemented by a dining area for guests to enjoy their meals. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV featuring cable channels, ensuring that guests have a cozy night in if they choose. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers and hair dryers, rounding off the necessities for a comfortable stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the attention to detail that Mamma's Apartments dedicates to guest comfort.

For those looking to explore beyond the local beaches and historical sites, the property is conveniently located 98 km from Ioannina Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to facilitate seamless travel arrangements.

Mamma's Apartments stands as a testament to the perfect balance of accessibility, comfort, and attentive amenities, making it an ideal spot for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of Sarande.