---\ntitle: "Mango Luxury Resorts"\ndescription: "Mango Luxury Resorts, located in the vibrant heart of Sarandë and merely steps away from the pristine Mango Beach, stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478009774.jpg?k=481df30ae88a20dd5f8cd80c08fc4b615cf6ebb45a634f5a423f0951c4ce7644&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mango-luxury-resorts\naddress: "Rruga Rilindja, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85384769\n  lng: 20.02088751\nprice: "US$242"\npriceFrom: 242\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478009774.jpg?k=481df30ae88a20dd5f8cd80c08fc4b615cf6ebb45a634f5a423f0951c4ce7644&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478011246.jpg?k=9a162a94ee25b16bae68df3e950d6893bcef18e04ba6646f66a576636c0f29d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482134440.jpg?k=e0b514ee8a41a7f63c056a3dac669e064e10e73232ad772d5a919f9c603f9fb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482492184.jpg?k=1736a0f93eaefbd80faf5158f4db5cb44e7e2e1587ae04142785b2463dda9245&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478011316.jpg?k=ea1b6741cf84fd645dc1c7bea63543ba146dc8cb6cd02f891735328ec8aa10af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478019999.jpg?k=423ed1ca484f7a33356f98c642a5748cd30fbac444a9a6c5b0daa10059741b6a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room - Disability Access"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish House 50 m"\n  - "Zgara Tradicionale 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 40 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 400 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 550 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "ימית"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“מלון חדש ומודרני. צוות אדיב שעושה מעל ומעבר. חוף פרטי עם ירידה נוחה לים”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mango-luxury-resorts.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with unparalleled hospitality around the clock, thanks to the 24-hour front desk and dedicated concierge service, ensuring a stay that is as seamless as it is memorable. Connectivity is never an issue, with free WiFi enveloping every corner of the resort, allowing guests to stay in touch with the world or share their experiences without a hitch.

The accommodations at Mango Luxury Resorts are a testament to thoughtful luxury, with each room featuring a balcony that presents a breathtaking view of the sea. Comfort is paramount, with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels available in every room. Safety and convenience are also taken into consideration, with a safety deposit box and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer. The inclusion of bed linen and towels in all rooms adds a touch of home to the resort's lavish offerings.

Mornings at Mango Luxury Resorts begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The resort's prime location means that the sandy shores of Flamingo Beach are just a few steps away, while the charming Santa Quaranta Beach is within a short 800-meter stroll. For those looking to venture further, Ioannina Airport is 97 km away, making the resort an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

Mango Luxury Resorts emerges as a distinguished choice for those seeking a blend of serenity, luxury, and convenience in Sarandë, promising an unforgettable stay with every visit.