---\ntitle: "Manka' s Place"\ndescription: "Manka's Place emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389950097.jpg?k=70729a1b7bc8e17d6b12312be8d6f3110fc4f1fa3e15f56e5bace67d29f77317&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: manka-s-place\naddress: "33 Rruga Bilal Golemi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31353701\n  lng: 19.80681957\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389950097.jpg?k=70729a1b7bc8e17d6b12312be8d6f3110fc4f1fa3e15f56e5bace67d29f77317&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477713669.jpg?k=cc4a630c2538298b232aa5d33cc858fd1ca6904e78f1b37d64b10b6f0e08bb14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373209569.jpg?k=4b25d2a49caef0b974f52e0ef804157388021bcc3853421d9a2e5bb4ac0045af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373209548.jpg?k=c28c730e1b09945462a3f3afe02d7aaa81f2b71ed28c8fd64f1226ec923cda7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373209579.jpg?k=4dad20f6bba2f871beea7b625b7028b7001b0948a475b5de7302f6d5a3a637b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373209580.jpg?k=aa764ea31e3a633c7e550dad60165a36be478eb35ff001f9baf14487e242cd3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373209583.jpg?k=f5c26a8fb3897474aa4b8fdb641bf6dd26c29bfbc60a82f5104e0e3bf0d61a23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477717963.jpg?k=167a496b0a40b0d985e600599fce8ae3c723429b5ae21a7a10ac58fc7e5a3450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477713758.jpg?k=07088c9d4d0fe7be03fefc7ccb5577bfbbdf712b33d07c14e772ad1f795208f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Libre 50 m"\n  - "Toscana A Tirana 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dino"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The apartment is spacious, clean and walking distance to the center. Good wifi, stores in close proximity, and free parking space. We liked it so much we actually extended our stay.”"\n  - name: "Giovani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was fine. The house was very good. The owner was very communicative and kind. I would definitely come again.”"\n  - name: "Zoran"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Everything was fine. Spacious apartment, private garage place, good comunication with the host”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/manka-s-place-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Manka's Place are treated to the luxury of space and privacy, with the apartment boasting a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and two modern bathrooms, ensuring a comfortable stay. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, complemented by the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking, making it an ideal retreat for both leisure and business travelers.

The property's location is further enhanced by its proximity to the Grand Park of Tirana and Rinia Park, inviting guests to unwind in serene green spaces just a few kilometers away. For those looking to explore further, the Rock of Kavaje offers an intriguing day trip at 44 km from the apartment, while the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument is a mere 1.8 km away, offering a glimpse into the country's communist history.

With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 15 km away, Manka's Place stands out as a strategically located haven for visitors to Tirana, promising a stay that combines ease of access with the comforts of home.