---\ntitle: "Mano' s Place"\ndescription: "Mano's Place emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474216570.jpg?k=c43778e331206c36b89d05ab903063f5420929da3fda119ac34b1802b7c9c32b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mano-s-place\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Golemi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31356509\n  lng: 19.80699962\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474216570.jpg?k=c43778e331206c36b89d05ab903063f5420929da3fda119ac34b1802b7c9c32b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474215973.jpg?k=658dbc8382c16f3d706fb9f835c08f37aae28cf1b18eaeb65debca6b8edeccd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474217313.jpg?k=24d48b215b449309f347b05cb07c1a72c880b8ec65b1686e1dc4fc936c877226&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474216573.jpg?k=5463755ac2801b1d8e7dbbaf233428e178741865ed9f9210a3d515c290cbccd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474217140.jpg?k=cbdd9728d70127fb424ab98ea6768a52d1f3e79c5d6e839321bf27a7164410bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383632845.jpg?k=cc223087d071e07a6061bc4cd89d1479c3afc07e63b6811dafafb0f6816a4902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474215974.jpg?k=a184ac317f22900ed506a33b8d6fe02e826ba3ccb59c16f1d89c4195edfd3b6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474216607.jpg?k=f926eed847fa4b268a89a113d2d2c7021de2544978873c7ccf8403347450599f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474215977.jpg?k=8eefe7ebcc5d1c3d5fa5321b7939ea0b0c288415e33839e5d5df1f9bf7554337&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Libre 50 m"\n  - "Toscana A Tirana 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Benjamin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment to stay in Tirana. The apartment is quiet and has everything you need and is in a good location, near to shops and restaurants. Central Tirana is not too far away. The host was very helpful and accommodating and was easy to...”"\n  - name: "Evan"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This a great apartment about a 20 minute walk from Blloku. It's super big with everything you need. The apartment was very clean. You have a big bedroom, full kitchen, big living room, bathroom with laundry, great WIFI, and a big balcony. The host...”"\n  - name: "Sabrina"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Bujar was very kind and always available.
The house was in a strategic position and very comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/manka-s-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, alongside the luxury of a private balcony. Guests will appreciate the inclusion of complimentary amenities such as private parking and WiFi, ensuring a seamless stay from start to finish. For those keen on exploring local history and culture, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument and the Grand Park of Tirana are merely a stone's throw away, at 1.8 km and 2.1 km respectively.

Space is generously offered in this apartment, with a layout comprising a separate bedroom, a bathroom equipped with all essentials, and a living room designed for relaxation, complete with a flat-screen TV. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to both quick meals and elaborate dinners, making it an ideal setting for both short and extended stays.

For guests looking to venture further afield, Mano's Place provides a car rental service, adding an extra layer of convenience to your travel plans. Notable nearby attractions include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Rock of Kavaje, ensuring that guests have plenty of options for day trips and excursions.

Situated just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mano's Place stands out as a compelling choice for both leisure and business travelers, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility.