---\ntitle: "Marios Rooms"\ndescription: "Marios Rooms emerges as a standout accommodation choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442926561.jpg?k=825836941cf1688859a248b126f6b3138671001788426664087577669a6bdfb0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: marios-rooms\naddress: "SH 8 JONUFER, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.39490204\n  lng: 19.47899403\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442926561.jpg?k=825836941cf1688859a248b126f6b3138671001788426664087577669a6bdfb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442926651.jpg?k=73087720eff109d1ae8f3c6fb02b70fb2a1e860d931fb630ead1c7a750577252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462225272.jpg?k=7d72129e0c08e08a2a516f5eece25d2047f3eaa7d1a333b876f934061a63fe25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462225267.jpg?k=e1fab77ccf754ae54bacaaa48cd663b6c1133a0fa0cc34d9bc90d192615ea039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462225232.jpg?k=cd12a68dc7da0333c5aaf5a5605b59f0e6bf25afaae71f5449a5590e13f71d00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462225260.jpg?k=2e17d59b38412d9ef726c00c2b12b1a45644dd8ef8246f9df26987812a4afc49&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (29 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bistro Italiano Beach House 30 m"\n  - "Keli 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vega Beach 50 m"\n  - "La Playa Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vajana Beach 300 m"\n  - "Sunny Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 4.8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 9 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 94 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It’s like a place out of a dream, in the middle of the olives. The view is spectacular, quiet place and very clean. The hosts are super helpful and welcoming.”"\n  - name: "Isabel"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Room with sea view, a very friendly beach just in front. The owners, despite having difficulty communicating, welcome us as if we were family.”"\n  - name: "Kodheli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very welcoming and lovely hosts 🥰. A wonderful view and great accessible beaches. Recommended 👌🏻”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jonufer-rooms-to-rent.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Marios Rooms are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment boasts not only a private bathroom and shower but also comes equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a fridge for utmost convenience. The inclusion of a seating area in every unit adds an extra layer of comfort, ensuring a homely feel.

The property doesn't stop at providing excellent rooms. A terrace available to all guests offers a tranquil spot to unwind, while the convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises underscores Marios Rooms' commitment to guest satisfaction. For those looking to enjoy a drink without venturing far, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to relax and socialize.

Located just 10 km from both the historic Kuzum Baba and the vibrant Independence Square, Marios Rooms positions itself as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 159 km away, making it a feasible option for those coming from afar.

In summary, Marios Rooms stands out as a prime choice for families and solo travelers alike, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and natural beauty.