---\ntitle: "Mariana Apartments"\ndescription: "Mariana Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383539451.jpg?k=9269be8e3ab32d1a30f4b6f1bddb9733f794b558e7a3b385810667a2fb45de1e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mariana-apartments\naddress: "Lagja 3 Mbi Spitali, 0207 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87592525\n  lng: 19.99967325\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 294\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383539451.jpg?k=9269be8e3ab32d1a30f4b6f1bddb9733f794b558e7a3b385810667a2fb45de1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483055053.jpg?k=ebf50ad06c4498a93991bfdc5cad003b020ba759c0d868181481373d0996d526&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511470372.jpg?k=9cd77958fc82485de505f1abb7c29569b7ef8e15b21cb1f14a65b3bad3ee4cc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383539589.jpg?k=b0bd20c07df3adac4bf9ae01bdcffb215bd665281fb8116db0459dcd3d58f8f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483055830.jpg?k=b0de916fa3ad48f0d72184596289fb6a18d3007c95d8f76bcdb56b0c0ff5ecea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483057157.jpg?k=4369b009960f32f7d1936a45923217a906f3a0028b07ff32048540a383cfb427&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207442202.jpg?k=cc91348ca6249a23186e7cfcd202b3e6319fabb7e4f5fc794bd828b34aa2061d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483054792.jpg?k=6424ac884a6b6c80ebc7bdd5861a86d432410c2646b4dbf29c2878ae95318545&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483054509.jpg?k=c82688d1cea60b2d24203c87c83f408875ad9e38ad80ae75c3180deff790155d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ali Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Mare blu 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 650 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ncos"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean apartment, just as described. Very friendly and welcoming host who gave us coffee and water when we arrived. Car parking space opposite apartments.”"\n  - name: "Sacha"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“I was very comfy here. Everything was clean and cosy. Host was lovely and warm.”"\n  - name: "Çağatay"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The view was awesome and everything was clean in the room. Arriving on a walk seems too hard.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mariana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Mariana Apartments are treated to accommodations that boast sea views, complemented by the modern convenience of free WiFi and the assurance of complimentary private parking. The air-conditioned units are designed with families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that promise a comfortable stay.

Each apartment is a haven of relaxation, with terraces that provide tranquil street views, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the day's activities. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with flat-screen TVs, well-appointed kitchens, and private bathrooms that include showers and hair dryers. Select units elevate the experience further with balconies or patios that offer mountain views and outdoor dining areas, inviting guests to savor their meals amidst nature. Comfort is paramount, with all units furnished with quality bed linen and towels.

The allure of Mariana Apartments extends beyond its rooms. The property boasts a barbecue and a garden, available for guests' enjoyment, weather permitting. This feature adds a unique touch to the stay, allowing guests to unwind in a lush, green setting.

For those looking to explore beyond the confines of the apartment, La Petite Beach is located just 2.1 km away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and leisure. The historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is 17 km from the property, presenting an excellent opportunity for a day trip. Additionally, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 97 km away, making Mariana Apartments a convenient option for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Mariana Apartments stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it an ideal choice for those visiting Sarandë. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches, the comfort of the well-equipped apartments, or the tranquility of the on-site garden, this property promises a memorable stay for all who visit.