---\ntitle: "Maritim Hotel Plaza Tirana"\ndescription: "Maritim Hotel Plaza Tirana emerges as a beacon of luxury and relaxation in the heart of Tirana, merely a stone's throw away from the iconic Skenderberg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285551218.jpg?k=fc6202a20df2f3a404e618aaca867db78a30067652eec90d164634c24c93ce5e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maritim-hotel-plaza-tirana\naddress: "Rruga 28 Nentori, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32753806\n  lng: 19.82143778\nprice: "US$146"\npriceFrom: 146\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2051\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285551218.jpg?k=fc6202a20df2f3a404e618aaca867db78a30067652eec90d164634c24c93ce5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284882166.jpg?k=1f585854f908ad28751007946ee5f1f588acb13b83e273ff02b9ab72d47a5c73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284982158.jpg?k=79d00f1f5ea1a9f85f158bd5c593c992b20d0f019b76a8e931fc843a6a6e1bfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219914996.jpg?k=02f494c01a44d2f2c8aaf50ad871121af396eed4fca041d19dae34913c414392&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285551680.jpg?k=61e80cfc3c45b2ab75da1e6748e2a669e4554eaf38362ae6992ae756afc1b081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285696223.jpg?k=288f77b1330f77919fc6062257f029d7238f2c6ce8d533e132131ca4d9e4dccc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with City View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 30 m"\n  - "Odisseas Greek Taverna 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 150 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 150 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 200 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artion"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Good location. Very friendly staff. The room is big and very clean. There are many facilities to help you during your stay at the hotel. Beautiful view of the city from the upper floors.”"\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“the plaza hotel is among the best facilities in Tirana, located in the center of the city, it offers any type of service and fully met my expectations. The staff is very friendly and willing to listen to various requests I highly recommend this...”"\n  - name: "Nikolin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The only thing that I would say is that the door entrance glass was broken.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-plaza-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Maritim Hotel Plaza Tirana are nothing short of spectacular, with each room featuring a sleek flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels for endless entertainment. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering a cozy seating area for added comfort. Convenience is key, as evidenced by the inclusion of a kettle in every room, ensuring a warm beverage is never out of reach. The private bathrooms are a sanctuary of their own, with plush bathrobes and slippers adding a touch of elegance to the experience.

The hotel prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service, ensuring guests' needs are met at any hour. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate complimentary access to the state-of-the-art fitness facilities, while those looking to unwind can opt for a massage at an additional fee.

Maritim Hotel Plaza Tirana's prime location places guests in the cultural epicenter of the city, with the historic Clock Tower a mere 100 meters away and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet just a short 200-meter stroll. For travelers, the convenience of Tirana Airport being only 14 km away makes Maritim Hotel Plaza Tirana an ideal choice for both leisure and business trips.