---\ntitle: "MARIKSEL Hotel"\ndescription: "MARIKSEL Hotel stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, merely 400 meters away from the serene Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375931879.jpg?k=ca1fc8233bd8e17e4fb276da4e6615d925ac7b35f495f7e176d5f9835496af3d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mariksel-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77660408\n  lng: 20.00708786\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 247\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375931879.jpg?k=ca1fc8233bd8e17e4fb276da4e6615d925ac7b35f495f7e176d5f9835496af3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375931873.jpg?k=c1e571e1df513287e8a1ee5a2f5cff2a530913c1f93750c33da2796c5265953e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375931857.jpg?k=6f99e15749bee432eb4f5985249c0b8131471be8fce53d5ca9be088131d530cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419174306.jpg?k=3c0115a968c15be7d4f75fd540f40c9eed7afcb8e6edca28673a355ad7699c97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511308162.jpg?k=cde4975dbbb6f98e138928d817a6b8010f1ac0ed5823951913d9075e6843bff1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419174312.jpg?k=0ae28d13ea149c6d2252578f4290acf5de81fffa7c992ced42beec6c01bd8d35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511308165.jpg?k=5bb00866122f5db9d830d4a4ad684f6511e4556606be5a7a6307ed5ee1dd4f0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419174142.jpg?k=bb3bbe2d4f24d28b23aa9dd6470422a7efeaafd703c171670c2dcee5fdeec48e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375931859.jpg?k=8b5131fdf2f08c0fe4a7ca8fa2067b404913edc0d86a0d42def0894a14dc4c7a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Malasi 40 m"\n  - "marikseli 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arjana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The good energy that this family business gives as soon as you enter at the hotel.
Good food as well”"\n  - name: "Rafael"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“The staff is very kind, and helpful. They really cared of customers. Big respect! Thank You !!- Faleminderit !! You are Super nice family!
There are many restaurants, and shops near the hotel. Also the bus stop is 30 meters away, this is a...”"\n  - name: "Veronicagoncalves"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Great place to stay in Ksamil! We had a big room with balcony, TV and mini-fridge, all renovated and very tidy! The best thing were the staff members, the service provided by them was extraordinary, always going beyond expectations to accommodate...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-amar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at MARIKSEL Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the weather outside. The inclusion of a wardrobe and a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, while the private balconies offer captivating views of the cityscape. Ensuring a seamless stay, the hotel provides essentials such as bed linen and towels, alongside a flat-screen TV for in-room entertainment.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk, ready to attend to guests' needs at any hour. Additionally, the convenience of airport transfers and an on-site ATM enhances the overall guest experience, ensuring a hassle-free stay from arrival to departure. The provision of complimentary WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Ksamil.

Located less than 1 km from the pristine Ksamil Beach and a short 12-minute stroll from the vibrant Coco Beach, MARIKSEL Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty of the area. For international travelers, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, situated 93 km away, underscores the hotel's appeal as a gateway to the wonders of Ksamil and its surroundings.

In summary, MARIKSEL Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility in the picturesque setting of Ksamil.