---\ntitle: "Marinela Apartment"\ndescription: "Marinela Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368408942.jpg?k=cdf273134a068449057b15615ea4a751283a99242daaa2d8148f48ce95a9c43d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: marinela-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Teodor Keko, 1052 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32957091\n  lng: 19.78389926\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 62\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368408942.jpg?k=cdf273134a068449057b15615ea4a751283a99242daaa2d8148f48ce95a9c43d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368409993.jpg?k=d039849a42ca18978dcdc472261a5421c272cbdb0bec5f283154975a542b6a69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368409338.jpg?k=21caea6f3bf52cb27a96aba4dd1277ddca2e26dbc4cb3e2ff386a6e900a67039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368411313.jpg?k=0fe28c62a4ce4586cf40225a7f710ce92cb304b9b06120ea0ed2ae917567c7f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372566738.jpg?k=11f959530035d6a611c692c57c5e21280e2b332a122375beac050e0c5d7a295e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472644958.jpg?k=dd88d6b914dc230cf74b8daba7fc99cd5f8a16031ed0c73f40850dd8a592d96b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472607381.jpg?k=59e31fedeffd587fa8764ce3ef589b93cf4171b3bbb9f606ca7c4f3143d68cf4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368408664.jpg?k=31163f54ea32c3a161cf50516e2a50ec436e50b808a9d51f714e5053d3b432af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472599657.jpg?k=a07cf53eec316b21719567bfcbcf04ed9e92c1141543abc2a7aef79e58076c25&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Nela 30 m"\n  - "Duaprap 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 250 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Horst-pepkules"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great apartment has everything you need for both shorter or longer stay in Tirana. Very kind host no problem with communication. For small fee we could park safely in the garage (owner is somebody else), it's quite impossible to park outside on...”"\n  - name: "Uğurcan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The owner and his daughter were incredibly kind, friendly and caring people. The location and design of the house were also very nice, everything was very clean, new and useful. A house where you will want to stay again and again. Thank u so much...”"\n  - name: "Arbias"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The appartment was awesome, and in a good area. Super clean, the host was super helpful and gave me a lot of help with direction and instructions.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marinela-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a modern, air-conditioned interior featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living room designed for relaxation, and a dining area perfect for enjoying meals prepared in the fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment needs are met, making it an ideal retreat for both short and long stays. The entire space is dedicated to non-smoking guests, ensuring a pleasant and fresh environment throughout their stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi available across the property. The balcony offers a private space to unwind after a day of exploring Tirana's rich cultural landscape.

For those keen on experiencing the local area, Marinela Apartment serves as an excellent base. Cycling enthusiasts will find the surrounding region inviting, with numerous trails and paths to explore. Key landmarks such as the House of Leaves and Rinia Park are mere kilometers away, promising a blend of historical insight and natural beauty.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 12 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Marinela Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and connectivity.