---\ntitle: "Maria's cozy appartment"\ndescription: "Maria's Cozy Apartment offers a serene retreat right in the heart of Tirana, providing a perfect blend of convenience and comfort for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290907.jpg?k=5aa54e01f54fe625e4e65494fc87f1999aa48b0e6d8e1fe7e48519d62c1f8cdb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maria-s-cozy-appartment\naddress: "2 Rruga Ramazan Demneri Vila Nr 21, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31929325\n  lng: 19.80132366\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290907.jpg?k=5aa54e01f54fe625e4e65494fc87f1999aa48b0e6d8e1fe7e48519d62c1f8cdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290942.jpg?k=4e1d9028edf44bbd655e8e1da175d46afea62c325bcbeef3d3300a55de46466c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290950.jpg?k=205451a1afc1b972129af1cace88152b02f65f3a6087bdb513317a381cfec48b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290944.jpg?k=56aea10a4b54802c1e78f9db3ccc98f62c057de9e0f2ed14492a4df7d55ebd22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290948.jpg?k=3650febd0808eac39f5b2f4a452472d51d272a7be05cf34cb84b9d4a137ee582&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290956.jpg?k=33ff49b94842911e406aa1442eaff2c844b69dabc04f2ddbd5cf9a4c7b56c02d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290946.jpg?k=798e2a0ad249e7086c418ce99c8bc4108916b2d7e608110fe7ce8ad949773dda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290939.jpg?k=bd24835b33ac0d6e941b2107b63228df28922b5ea55ce0928b8ed24873d22974&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499290934.jpg?k=d1559929a5bec5ab551009131f779f91751ff6282570c4eb1da3e04df8ace66c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\n  - "Galini Coffee & Cocktails 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“La gente muy amable y atenta. Piso es muy comodo. Ubicado cerca del centro. Volveria a contratar”"\n  - name: "Curallambra"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Padroni di casa disponibili, gentilissimi, appartamento dotato di Wi-Fi, comodo e spazioso, situato in ottima posizione. Rapporto qualità prezzo ottimo, consigliato.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marias-cozy-appartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself, having undergone recent renovations, presents a modern and welcoming ground-floor accommodation. It boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a living space equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen is a highlight for those who prefer the comforts of home-cooked meals while traveling, featuring a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. Additionally, the provision of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity for guests.

Located just 2.4 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, the apartment serves as a peaceful haven away from the city's hustle and bustle, yet close enough to dive back into urban adventures at a moment's notice. For those looking to explore beyond the city, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is a mere 7.1 km away, offering breathtaking views and a unique perspective of the area.

Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje stands 42 km away, presenting an opportunity for a scenic day trip. Meanwhile, the Pyramid of Tirana is conveniently situated just 2.1 km from the apartment, allowing for easy access to one of the city's most iconic landmarks. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 14 km away, ensuring a smooth and hassle-free journey to and from the accommodation.

Maria's Cozy Apartment not only promises a comfortable and convenient stay but also serves as a gateway to the myriad of experiences Tirana has to offer.