---\ntitle: "Marina Premium Hotel"\ndescription: "Marina Premium Hotel stands out as a distinguished accommodation choice in Vlorë, located just 60 meters from the pristine Vlore Beach and a short stroll from Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513323224.jpg?k=16c560e314f7bb26e2ab8fc137ab49a345d14008e0101786158ee2e68dbbf567&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: marina-premium-hotel\naddress: "Lungomare, vlore marina, 0033 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44452555\n  lng: 19.49522203\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 858\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513323224.jpg?k=16c560e314f7bb26e2ab8fc137ab49a345d14008e0101786158ee2e68dbbf567&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519563797.jpg?k=f761205a707c5b17919a013bd7febe76abca0aa70a42a78c9a1160864ef8e4c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406934009.jpg?k=83994cc1fefc490aa20eecf1386f76416055fbb60e0d08618f0b7404d0416a33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513322794.jpg?k=7bf7f0fa9c2e452851cb8d77340144ebc10d105fbe3a03816345f2c73ff9f735&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321596646.jpg?k=4b7c906ddef7c9a4f4d6bb50b93b330f0b56ac1f093e9509718c6162c872400c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343472857.jpg?k=fd4bbaf199d0e4107fcc20e581b1c679538dec6f97475454bff57102eed702f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483471075.jpg?k=1fecf82ed8727b3e0bda9f073f7efc1e41f8f0773bcfab662e9348157163c528&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239580434.jpg?k=9285767cfe100fb72e64cf02def9e6b7950021d94065065d820e8b0096bf5a0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239580722.jpg?k=37bce023d55d8b3dc2c4f8bf52f1f15a3587f899cafeeda20c9abb161267e0f3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Triple Room with View"\n  - "King Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marinero Pizzeria 30 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 40 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 900 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dustin"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“We stayed in an apartment which was very spacious, clean and quiet. Nice shower, comfortable bed. Very friendly staff at reception. Safe parking. Dogs are allowed, you pay a deposit which you get back if no damages, which I find very fair.”"\n  - name: "Chant"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment with good facilities including washing machine and iron. Very helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was very big as well as the bathroom with a massive shower. The views from the room were great right to the sea. Very good location closely to restaurants and local amenities.
Staff very nice and facilitated access to underground parking...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marina-premium.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Marina Premium Hotel is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, and select accommodations further enhance the guest experience with the inclusion of a kitchen, complete with a fridge, an oven, and a minibar. Entertainment and comfort are ensured with the provision of a flat-screen TV and a hairdryer in all guest rooms.

Guests can start their day on the right note with a choice of Continental or American breakfast options, served fresh every morning. The hotel's location makes it a prime spot for engaging in a variety of activities. Whether it's fishing, snorkeling, or cycling, there's no shortage of ways to immerse oneself in the natural beauty surrounding the property. For those looking to unwind, the beachfront offers a serene setting to relax and soak in the coastal ambiance.

The staff at Marina Premium Hotel, proficient in English, Spanish, Italian, and Albanian, are always on hand to assist guests, ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable stay. The hotel's proximity to notable attractions, including Vjetër Beach and Kuzum Baba, further enhances its appeal, making it an ideal base for exploring the region. For international travelers, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, making Marina Premium Hotel a convenient and compelling choice for both leisure and business visitors to Vlorë.