---\ntitle: "MARION HOTEL"\ndescription: "MARION HOTEL emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419614615.jpg?k=d605360fd14eab75abfa0fc5695fd34a4dc84873228bc5e7d39761586d66ee93&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: marion-hotel\naddress: "Tre Vëllezërit Kondi, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31651429\n  lng: 19.83476703\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 352\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419614615.jpg?k=d605360fd14eab75abfa0fc5695fd34a4dc84873228bc5e7d39761586d66ee93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529272133.jpg?k=1872cc14a5a802562097412fc41bfc5555ca7a25d81eeca7cdc830ca4750fa43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179547988.jpg?k=c18705b92b224637cf1a7d1f73837bbd8466bfe8ceb856b3ce952cf7c2b78282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/179547634.jpg?k=431ed43d874414bc46191e52c49579cf76669db3913702642e06f85ceb623ab0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419611039.jpg?k=bdd7104cb2b1325eb4b5d75a8b4f760e161b10e674a6e1862cfe97c0d526f1bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529272120.jpg?k=de208214356042465f824cd459b11614a708d97b41ec32414bcb3600eb47d50f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529272122.jpg?k=4e873bfa10a78a87c26457e045604a67d7ceecbac535aa790cd2b995c744bb40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529272125.jpg?k=dad097ffb2ab7aea0ff837ad1e25d546af7d3a574563563e6c5110c272abccfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529272128.jpg?k=74e3f721ff745882bce585c69e2483b87f9712f2ed3d84b8e6d6c8d6f7070398&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Large Twin Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sheqer Pikant 250 m"\n  - "Henri BAR 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tobias"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Wow , after traveling thru 3 ( realy bad ) hotels we found this wonderfull Place , with its great familiar athmosphere , clean and compfortable rooms and very good breakfast . Tani and his Team realy deserve 10 stars . Theyre outstanding friendly...”"\n  - name: "Tobias"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“I stayed there for the second time. Was again wonderful and I would definitely return there again during a next trip to Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Srelami"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Parking outside the building in the backyard of the hotel. Smaller hotel on the outskirts of Tirana, close to highway. A good half an hour walk distance to the center, but the bus stop very close to the hotel. The rooms were clean and comfortable,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marion.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on providing impeccable service around the clock, with a 24-hour front desk, convenient airport transfers, attentive room service, and seamless free WiFi access across the premises. Accommodations at MARION HOTEL are thoughtfully designed for comfort and functionality. Each room is equipped with modern amenities such as a fridge, minibar, kettle, and a flat-screen TV. The presence of a shower, hairdryer, desk, and air conditioning in every room ensures a comfortable stay, while select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony. The private bathrooms come well-stocked with complimentary toiletries and a bidet, enhancing the overall guest experience.

Guests at MARION HOTEL can start their day with a choice of breakfast options, ranging from an à la carte selection to a hearty Full English/Irish breakfast. For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, the hotel offers bike hire services, making it easy to venture out and discover the city's cycling-friendly routes.

The hotel's proximity to cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Saint Paul Cathedral adds to its appeal for those keen to immerse themselves in Tirana's rich history. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 18 km away, MARION HOTEL serves as an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking for a memorable stay in Albania's bustling capital.