---\ntitle: "Mark Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Mark Hotel Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359359955.jpg?k=027b33902416a79eb6d10d51380b73a6de4fe2275772ffc5d5217b7c2a2c00dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mark-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Tirana-Durres Highway, Domje, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.35900911\n  lng: 19.73156709\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 178\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359359955.jpg?k=027b33902416a79eb6d10d51380b73a6de4fe2275772ffc5d5217b7c2a2c00dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356032079.jpg?k=24c24059eda85a6f5d16e980930092126aafc10f01964f4c9a32c695a9598430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356031988.jpg?k=f7bfcbddd43629a79fdc0c6da19283aace5e7a2afe28342ccc7a3c276d53c336&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356053083.jpg?k=e27b321eacf7c750aad4e9f980bd8ffb905370f43eee33056cf34f21944f6cab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356031953.jpg?k=4a0204a30f1450384cb9867bd7ef01fffcab1b60a7271d8cad6c76c8d06aefe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359359683.jpg?k=7c7974831c636d6213f511df3c4035c28f5c2c26007c1d5ef0b352f25e82c540&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Julton 100 m"\n  - "Start 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 4.4 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diala"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“The staff was super friendly and the breakfast extremely delicious. The hotel is easy accessible fromthe airport and the city center per taxi.”"\n  - name: "Enrik"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff was really nice, it was very clean. Breakfast was sooo delicious.”"\n  - name: "Maja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The room was very clean and modern. The breakfast was the best in Albania. We stay there just right after arrival. Perfect!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mark-albania-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nConnectivity is seamless, thanks to the provision of free WiFi throughout the hotel, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures with ease. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the round-the-clock availability of room service and a front desk, ready to attend to any need, be it a late-night snack or assistance with planning a day out in Tirana.

Attention to detail is apparent in every guest room, each equipped with a kettle for that essential morning brew or evening tea. Comfort is guaranteed with air conditioning, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment, making each room a cozy retreat after a busy day.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers breathtaking views and is located just 13 km away, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 9.1 km from the hotel. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the closest airport, situated only 7 km away, making Mark Hotel Tirana an ideal base for both business and leisure travelers seeking an effortless blend of accessibility and serenity.