---\ntitle: "Martini Vacation Home"\ndescription: "Martini Vacation Home stands as a serene oasis in Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Heaven Beach and a short drive from the vibrant Mango Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290143870.jpg?k=a35dcae3336aea1bd7de01ab2031e07e5de7bd366e5d27995cff5eb858b51067&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: martini-vacation-home\naddress: "SH81, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.83629649\n  lng: 20.01361907\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 89\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290143870.jpg?k=a35dcae3336aea1bd7de01ab2031e07e5de7bd366e5d27995cff5eb858b51067&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290752631.jpg?k=507a3650c21e96c8de23307b99b013b47192627db97d41c982068b192965a903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290756060.jpg?k=213523eca606826a25dcc293b2b29a2237f9e6fe871f911c7ce8ee722aecea35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290143954.jpg?k=a9124d947d1064301a7f82a79a673dd33b486dc95bbacedc19f212bb7c578126&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290144267.jpg?k=30cb65566bed9e81be853bc0071c50be8e89d93678f38db97b5411c49ee3b8e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/290756059.jpg?k=355fe721403030d76e01eddadc4dff565391aa82ae9c24c4661cca4085e551a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Traditional Country Grill 1.2 km"\n  - "Aliu 1.3 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Heaven Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Manastir Beach 2.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 200 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.2 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 26 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“It was just amazing place! Privat beach and the silance from the city made us this stay! All was well organized.”"\n  - name: "Siuli"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“A gem near a lovely secluded beach just below crazy and busy Sarandë. We felt so lucky for having found this amazing gorgeous property!! It was perfect. Kids slept on the sofas in the living room. Small but well-equipped kitchen with oven and...”"\n  - name: "Elton"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean place and comfortable with few minutes walk to the beach. Perfect location for a family of four. Lovely place to be if you like peace and relaxing after a long year of busy city life this is the place to charge your batteries”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/martini-vacation-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Martini Vacation Home are designed to immerse guests in comfort and scenic beauty. Each unit opens up to breathtaking sea views from private terraces, complemented by modern comforts such as flat-screen TVs, dining areas, and well-equipped kitchenettes. The attention to detail extends to the provision of plush bed linen and towels, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience.

For those who revel in the outdoors, the property offers an inviting picnic area and barbecue facilities, perfect for enjoying the balmy weather and creating memorable moments. Adventure-seekers will find delight in the nearby opportunities for diving and fishing, while those seeking relaxation can unwind in the lush garden.

Situated a mere 13 km from the historic Butrint National Park and 48 km from the ancient ruins of Fanoti, Martini Vacation Home serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage and natural beauty of the region. With Ioannina Airport 100 km away, the journey to this tranquil haven is a worthwhile escape into a world of serene beaches, luxurious comfort, and captivating surroundings.