---\ntitle: "Marxhen in Tirana Center"\ndescription: "Marxhen in Tirana Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modernity in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455405.jpg?k=1a0d16b8b1b8d961ccd53a8e29af907f3bd635ba2c0960ed9cd3775467f2baf6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: marxhen-in-tirana-center\naddress: "Bulevardi Zhan D'Ark nd134 app 4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32274881\n  lng: 19.81668133\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455405.jpg?k=1a0d16b8b1b8d961ccd53a8e29af907f3bd635ba2c0960ed9cd3775467f2baf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455399.jpg?k=69bccf1b908e8229501241825a78f35a153cc1e3b371d87e66e0b8da4644d724&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455589.jpg?k=5efdb115b31261b16153154d1181e43e78258d03de1bf3fd8de9013081c3bca2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455506.jpg?k=93e6f1bc67d869fb725aac587c63e340cb70df62b547a3493d28bf391b72e56e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455606.jpg?k=b37ffba81f55eab7f039f8fa574d7f91f0b1d88e1bf473e9f324446130e67666&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521681869.jpg?k=b239982de7a32a1cee69ea7ef6fe1ac0d8f6f88aeb213da4fd366ee84f3c6306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455478.jpg?k=f2e489825377a1f6b0e4a0a3d2ec692d043adf1bd86d112d0a75a4e6dd6cb23e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455522.jpg?k=5f4b38968d39bcf08afbe50e9d5ecc9176a2fd9df3d4b19438e8966bf542a04c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521455567.jpg?k=5ef86e7eba76881a37dc5485eb4f66ff9edad3e8b72ec2cd7f002f92aa179974&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fast free WiFi (83 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Magnolia Studio 50 m"\n  - "Saga 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and couzi. It felt like home.”"\n  - name: "Koci"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Appartamento in pieno centro, ad un minuto dal lungo fiume. Molto pulito, curato e dotato di ogni servizio necessario al soggiorno, camere spaziose e bagno con tutti gli accessori utili. In posizione centralissima ma allo stesso tempo tranquilla...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/marxhen-in-tirana-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment boasts a contemporary design with thoughtful amenities. The space is thoughtfully laid out with two bedrooms and a bathroom, ensuring ample space for relaxation. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort. The dining area and terrace, offering serene garden views, provide an ideal setting for guests to unwind and enjoy the tranquil atmosphere.

The apartment's unique charm is further enhanced by its outdoor dining area, allowing guests to savor meals amidst the backdrop of Tirana's cityscape. The added convenience of a private entrance promotes a sense of exclusivity and privacy, making it a perfect retreat for those seeking a peaceful stay.

Strategically situated near notable attractions such as Reja - The Cloud, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Rinia Park, Marxhen in Tirana Center ensures that guests are never far from the action. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, the apartment serves as an ideal base for both short-term visitors and longer-staying guests looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and explore the city's offerings.