---\ntitle: "Matia Apartments"\ndescription: "Matia Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219361.jpg?k=3c48da6447541a57dd89ac4ba83970c9404ef4606c8fad87f6e1e87605786a7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: matia-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87131151\n  lng: 20.00046041\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219361.jpg?k=3c48da6447541a57dd89ac4ba83970c9404ef4606c8fad87f6e1e87605786a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219386.jpg?k=16cef93be5f86dd106a07983f8d7aeb10b6133f6e4df232229f04114443faf49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219342.jpg?k=4ee17a3e4f5e29c46c3e062b8c24bfa967f66f0c17576b43c6a52821c9bf6f77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219382.jpg?k=d6565e4c84ed358f762a751ece6c077e8b5168ea43b430a45ce294d692275e42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219372.jpg?k=9162b516fbe1a40ef4b61005dd3017a7bf844f234a5c811677c66a1faf9d253a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219364.jpg?k=f71cbc6a6ac5d08d28dbffdc65866cf51abd13a57d0b5000b27ad516c17f933f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219384.jpg?k=7f94b75c1f642be4040d3638e9954c0782e19dd93e7241f31bcfc92d4d8b934b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219371.jpg?k=0e7025025bc7e7649694c709fa823ab28b7a4ed9692e676577f605cc3dd2dce7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437219380.jpg?k=467d8b30f16e74efd178ac3943482452a28d2a9545fedcb4fafb88509c0ec9b1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taste of Tradition 40 m"\n  - "Valentino 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 250 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 800 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arvin"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Clean and spacious apartment with all the amenities.”"\n  - name: "Lauren"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Very nice place that had everything we needed. The hosts were absolutely lovely as well! Would recommend!”"\n  - name: "Rianne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Large apartment with two bedrooms and a slightly smaller bathroom. Host was well available. The location of the apartment is really great! All well to walk, a large Spar at the bottom of the road and within five minutes at the Ferry to Corfu....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/matia-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, including two bedrooms, a living room adorned with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that presents a picturesque view of the garden. The kitchen comes fully equipped with modern amenities such as an oven and a toaster, ensuring that guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bath, towels, and bed linen, adds a touch of home-like comfort. Designed with privacy and peace in mind, the apartment features a private entrance and soundproofing, creating a personal oasis for guests.

For those looking to enjoy a leisurely cup of coffee or needing to pick up some essentials, a coffee shop and a minimarket are conveniently located on the premises.

Explorers eager to soak in the local culture will find Saranda City Beach less than 1 km away, with the charming La Petite Beach just a bit further at 1.8 km. For guests arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km from Matia Apartments.

In summary, Matia Apartments stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering spacious and serene living spaces complemented by thoughtful amenities, all set against the backdrop of Sarandë's vibrant coastal landscape.