---\ntitle: "Matias sweetest home"\ndescription: "Matias Sweetest Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188580.jpg?k=d8ce474b3707a132130253bf9994ba848c8f5defc49069a45203812dbc52ab61&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: matias-sweetest-home\naddress: "85 Rruga e Dibrës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33026078\n  lng: 19.81994051\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188580.jpg?k=d8ce474b3707a132130253bf9994ba848c8f5defc49069a45203812dbc52ab61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188481.jpg?k=f86d3f6b6c517518215374323e484c1bdfce217aa4bbce9c2df6fa9a2c387f22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188784.jpg?k=b0c98d380322345bc0a8965494ac3a23b7748882a430628e5450433b01b8934d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188525.jpg?k=d727c8c573f2d494809248663e638ab755274b48358f4a57f77aa2883c49e9ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188599.jpg?k=f539f6c46fab2be1511433653564ff82a7afad10787d5cb181bb5e44ca354f59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188357.jpg?k=39be8f667c5dac461e23a4cafb202c0260f8a51a0b765a2c7e48bc155fae32ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188515.jpg?k=53cba2678ab1f29b295a8ebfbd7210b928bbdf26cd22c71a442c53a75ad0ec09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188769.jpg?k=87ef201667c6600253bab9bda515fe9c0f32987d4759aeaa8db00daa8c261376&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484188555.jpg?k=55af256fa2a3b7de51f39c089cc553e81abec098d1e0075ab8dd54629eea181a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Artys Snack & Coffee 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great place with a great location. Highly recommend!”"\n  - name: "Shweta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is located right in the main city centre and looks quite quirky from the outside. The entrance to the building although from the back from a ally way which appeared a bit isolated but it was safe. The apartment was on the 4th floor...”"\n  - name: "Sy"\n    country: "Hong Kong"\n    text: "“LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! This property is a only few mins walk from where we got off the airport shuttle bus, simply on the other side of the same square. The property is super clean and well appointed. The mattress, pillow and extra blankets...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/matias-sweetest-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive living experience. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a fully equipped kitchen, a cozy dining area, and a modern living space complete with a flat-screen TV and streaming services. The inclusion of air conditioning, free WiFi throughout the property, and a balcony boasting impressive city views adds layers of comfort and convenience to the guest experience.

For those arriving by air, the convenience of airport transfers is available, making the journey to Matias Sweetest Home seamless. The property also caters to the needs of the modern traveler with bicycle parking and a rental service, encouraging guests to explore Tirana on two wheels. Additionally, a car rental service is offered, providing an alternative for those looking to venture further afield.

Situated in proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, guests are never far from cultural enrichment. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, Matias Sweetest Home stands out as an accessible and attractive option for both short and long-term stays in Albania's vibrant capital.