---\ntitle: "Matthews Beach House"\ndescription: "Matthews Beach House in Vlorë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, privacy, and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478167880.jpg?k=f5c31e5f8163b0ef5499223a0a473e36e4965926c3431980b2a38c62946f23d9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: matthews-beach-house\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu Uji Ftohte Vlore, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4147511\n  lng: 19.48248041\nprice: "US$113"\npriceFrom: 113\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478167880.jpg?k=f5c31e5f8163b0ef5499223a0a473e36e4965926c3431980b2a38c62946f23d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478167950.jpg?k=d8e8ca15eb18e0b8c3ad786153b9aa7f19b038415c228e5fad8bf861f88ac8b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105293871.jpg?k=3fc6e051c735e29f8e6ecc173c688285d73bdb4d0d222f9882ee8e911cfbf0d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146143084.jpg?k=59b1710530bdf6677cc1f6e76d5ad54574ee7f64c72784ee5391f8636ad1fcba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308319425.jpg?k=9be752c5dd9f6f5eb016cfbf7487065b25c2e3735366628b6edab04b213ad95f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105293873.jpg?k=df37be9b3dfb32a7025586e99c35d6da5d941d43bbeefb7fd6f2a3733b9c6c09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478168657.jpg?k=60dc47dc9554151fb442f8385d2c7c1523910017fb869fb97583f84a2ea10cfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478167916.jpg?k=38fc7992e5420a2d22063481fcfe6db01f695f3e44cd14f7e716f30477451071&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478169007.jpg?k=7e378a92a4f4b94d189c87f8509961b4a569905a694f2d18abaed3cab8a31f3c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera Blu 50 m"\n  - "Mandarine 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 150 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 400 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Müller"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Everything was just perfect.
The hostman and his daughter is really kind and helpfullnes.”"\n  - name: "Shawn"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The amazing balcony , the location, and our host was great! We look forward to staying again! It had an amazing master bedroom with a window that reminded us of an old European village with the big shutters that’s swing open. Aleksander was always...”"\n  - name: "Agata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“All good, helpful owner, nice new apartment next to the pool, beach is not included in the complex if you look for one, cozy area, rather quiet one”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/matthews-beach-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a haven of tranquility and luxury, boasting a spacious terrace that overlooks the sea. It is well-appointed with two cozy bedrooms, a comfortable living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. The presence of two bathrooms with walk-in showers, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort and ease of guests' stays. Notably, the villa prioritizes privacy and tranquility with features like a private entrance and soundproofing.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the property's garden offers a serene spot to unwind. Additionally, the villa provides exclusive access to a private beach area, ensuring a unique and intimate beach experience. The convenience of an electric vehicle charging station is a thoughtful touch, reflecting the property's commitment to catering to the evolving needs of its guests.

Situated in proximity to popular attractions such as Liro Beach, Beach at Government Villas, and Coco Bongo Beach, Matthews Beach House is ideally located for guests looking to explore the local area. Moreover, the villa is within a reasonable distance from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it accessible for international travelers.

Matthews Beach House promises a memorable stay that combines the comfort of modern amenities with the charm of Vlorë's stunning natural landscape, making it a top recommendation for those planning a visit to the area.