---\ntitle: "Maxi Room"\ndescription: "Maxi Room emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435532848.jpg?k=05940d9532b925aff3baaa1180d4bc3ccdfdb5f4690c52e33ce22a3b817adfed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maxi-room\naddress: "Rruga Murat Terbaci Mini hotel & Maxi room, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43829615\n  lng: 19.49565311\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 495\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435532848.jpg?k=05940d9532b925aff3baaa1180d4bc3ccdfdb5f4690c52e33ce22a3b817adfed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409381612.jpg?k=b690c31d9785b73734c258d545a78125cf4f514d8e410f07a3996b6ee402a10c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527121435.jpg?k=e041549e72413f9b82af09ea2037b7fb89fa9a258022f5dc741768f99838b34c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442953535.jpg?k=2efb5cdbedef8063e97aed305019b5c780c126dad174c94ffb965ded60c9026c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362992249.jpg?k=e2a3bd585dc1c3103329415199abe4549c77b25619f2a841fed49ef37da90220&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462755172.jpg?k=a6849b022e75eec05977235b205f78d7b367f9d8e6a901fda74e460ab2acee9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360783424.jpg?k=07928cb19098237c359082ecd27a4925bf79b57a88e32a9f8661206ba35e164f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529076641.jpg?k=014a31631ac21754874531dcee1d6fef35b0dc950a68aef5c154dc56a2a931f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368512546.jpg?k=6c5365501e3062733f6759f480623a1338cb4357621f703b670e49efc47a256d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room with Two Queen Beds"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "City lounge 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Joni 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 200 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "D"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely place to stay great views. Very comfortable”"\n  - name: "Alejandra"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The views are really nice. You can see the sea while you shower. The lighting is also comfortable. Air conditioning was working nicely. Smelled really good and everything was clean.”"\n  - name: "Sally"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Large spacious room, excellent location (to parking and bars / restaurant), smooth check-in”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mini-amp-maxi-room.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Maxi Room are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room boasts a balcony offering captivating city views, allowing visitors to soak in the vibrant atmosphere from the comfort of their private space. The convenience of complimentary WiFi in every room ensures that guests remain connected throughout their stay, whether for leisure or business purposes.

The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts including a kettle, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a restful and enjoyable stay. The presence of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury to the guest experience. Select rooms further elevate the comfort level by featuring a seating area, providing a cozy nook for relaxation after a day of exploration.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Maxi Room extends its hospitality through on-site facilities such as a restaurant and a bar, where guests can savor local cuisine and refreshing beverages. The convenience of free private parking is a boon for those arriving by car, making it effortless to venture out to nearby attractions or embark on day trips.

Situated a significant distance from the hustle and bustle, yet close enough to the city's heart, Maxi Room is approximately 153 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, facilitating easy access for international travelers. Independence Square, another landmark, is just 4.1 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich history and vibrant community life.

Maxi Room stands as a testament to the blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing to Vlorë. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches, the cultural exploration, or simply a tranquil retreat, this accommodation caters to a diverse array of preferences and needs, making it a top recommendation for discerning travelers.