---\ntitle: "Maxus Apts"\ndescription: "Maxus Apts emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach and a leisurely stroll from the picturesque Saranda Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140470427.jpg?k=04f6c291653c67ba9acfe43dac1b8ba3ebf9f346ec55f626033a03fd8b4f8c4e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maxus-apts\naddress: "250 Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87249448\n  lng: 19.99333148\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140470427.jpg?k=04f6c291653c67ba9acfe43dac1b8ba3ebf9f346ec55f626033a03fd8b4f8c4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458867560.jpg?k=4102924a839de4da25780f97bd682624e239ea8f000a02fd88afb10d72c822f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458867704.jpg?k=0ca36cf2c812e2ac97345bfbff2797e86b3304f069647e4e9810767e1e5db0cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458865729.jpg?k=f645f28498650b2cd9478bb75d9755754b1bf71814ca9f35b0a301569abaf62f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458865839.jpg?k=b4a6a71d91f626fd270cc67695915e621992ab17f561c34c78f95c6b2876fc0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458867884.jpg?k=c3e926fa13c17ad911c2521dbe7785d70ad2009decee51a33763e59b03776fe4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458867324.jpg?k=02cafaaa5adc4cab54606fb51dd7a8a643d9ef117344f1b60b783e7e45f96d7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458866905.jpg?k=6a94c0d3db48cac5f08709d41b30f0bb03374f0a4daeefa4bceff0481f10e593&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458868297.jpg?k=a3c6157c4729f7111f416f219d8a75d08c2b6e04260ee85edefcf1d1d1466db7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fredi 30 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrey"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Quite place , near, beach ,supermarket, atm,restaurant”"\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very good location, close to the beach, stores, restaurants and downtown. Well equipped, comfortable apartment. Helpful host.”"\n  - name: "Alla"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Great location, quiet neighborhood. It's a 5-minute walk to Zero Zero Beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/maxus-apts.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its comprehensive amenities, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises and the convenience of private parking on site. Designed with families in mind, Maxus Apts features spacious family rooms, each thoughtfully equipped with essential modern comforts. Guests will find each unit furnished with a desk, a television, private bathroom facilities, and the added touches of bed linen and towels for a homely feel. Select apartments elevate the experience further with either a terrace or balcony, presenting enchanting views of the surrounding mountains or the city's dynamic skyline. Moreover, the assurance of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space in every apartment guarantees a comfortable and uncluttered stay.

For those who cherish the option to dine in, Maxus Apts accommodates with well-appointed kitchen facilities. A fridge, stovetop, and kitchenware are readily available, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals at their leisure and taste.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Saranda City Beach awaits at a modest distance, offering another splendid option for sun-seekers, while the more secluded Maestral Beach is slightly further afield, promising quieter shores. For travelers arriving from afar, Ioannina Airport serves as the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the property, making Maxus Apts an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and tranquility in Sarandë.