---\ntitle: "Maya Hostel Berat"\ndescription: "Maya Hostel Berat stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the historic city of Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143776431.jpg?k=1f6e4d1e904597da8dff7723c4dd325c08a02521e4b719e7239c617c5aab5355&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: maya-hostel-berat\naddress: "Rruga Kristaq Tutulani,50m nga Ura e Gorices, 5002 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.703052\n  lng: 19.946186\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 614\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143776431.jpg?k=1f6e4d1e904597da8dff7723c4dd325c08a02521e4b719e7239c617c5aab5355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319495845.jpg?k=f073795ceae3f6f9243c922534a92eafb19ce7597843b9383056e66971ebae7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319495664.jpg?k=d9b28a96bf693c55725836cda4e5397e9a91c02e4c9a89ce52cc2584718b32ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319493725.jpg?k=6af1344a8f89506ae74920f602f9116512b9ccfa40159e2bab494cb890a99444&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319493656.jpg?k=2daab353dfe20ceb15fecfaf77078e9a149538126b182ff9f9f870064e920fae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319496761.jpg?k=dc6e1c9db0274c2ad424932ddee0d946c6bff4a82fcd36ffafbe495053fb567a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita E Beratit - Traditional Food 50 m"\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "James"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Superb. Super clean, super friendly and helpful staff with advice on good restaurants, supermarkets, sightseeing and town facilities etc. Great location, fab terrace area, quiet. A really excellent hostel. Thanks to everyone there for a great stay!”"\n  - name: "Luke"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything, location and the whole place was amazing.
Was one of my top hostels of the year.
Plus the staff and owner, was very welcome and lots of fun.”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Located opposite main old centre. so from this river bank you have perfect view on old city. Also walking path is now nicely paved along river and both bridges. Very clean hostel, perfect volunteers, towels are payable, nice bathrooms with shower...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/maya-hostel-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThis 3-star hostel offers guests air-conditioned accommodations, each equipped with a private bathroom and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that combines modern amenities with home-like comfort. 

Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting balconies that offer sweeping views of the cityscape. 

Beyond the privacy of their rooms, guests can enjoy the communal spirit in the shared lounge, relax in the serene garden, or catch the sunset from the terrace. 

For those looking to socialize, the on-site bar provides a perfect setting. Located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Maya Hostel Berat presents an accessible retreat for those looking to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Berat.