---\ntitle: "Mazarine Hotel, Vlorë, Albania"\ndescription: "Mazarine Hotel in Vlorë, Albania, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378984189.jpg?k=b320f3edd9cd8ba252beab4310ebb0ebd1b909ceca11e677996cd4deba710dc7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mazarine-hotel-vlor-albania\naddress: "Rruga Sali Vranishti, 9404 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.38051115\n  lng: 19.48336201\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 869\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378984189.jpg?k=b320f3edd9cd8ba252beab4310ebb0ebd1b909ceca11e677996cd4deba710dc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378984134.jpg?k=7f7c13a996b59a1619693b5f16a246eed6c5fe7427d773671230b8da396fec9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371993339.jpg?k=1b218e67ca64ce248612d7299c49e21ec127bcf994d6b335e92f4229e723298f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372003307.jpg?k=12840f4f815e8f12992d62c7d724da0a5c49bee85aa53c840bafb3fbca8ec1b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378983445.jpg?k=4f9fa9b6bf1826f6735ce89282b923915a69cc1eed47be455b41b09c6ada059c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378984175.jpg?k=7f19f3644cb81137b65abff65daaca1fea18c542685ce83a6b89721c168250d6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iliri 100 m"\n  - "Stela 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 600 m"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 10 km"\n  - "Independence Square 10 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 93 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alberto"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Mazarine Hotel has an amazing infrastructure, the bedroom was spacious, comfortable and clean. The bed was really comfortable. The pool area is also clean and the sun beds are clean and comfortable. A highlight is for the staff, really attentive...”"\n  - name: "Funmi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely boutique hotel, attentive and friendly family run business, rooms were great with balcony space and comfy beds. Clean and relaxing atmosphere especially by pool.”"\n  - name: "Mags"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A fantastic hotel. We were there off season for a weekend and could not have asked for more. Great facilities, amazing food and cocktails and super friendly and helpful service!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mazarine.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel goes above and beyond to ensure a seamless stay, offering free WiFi throughout the property and a coveted private beach area for those looking to soak up the sun in a more secluded setting. The 24-hour front desk and additional services such as airport transfers and car rental options underscore the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Accommodations at Mazarine Hotel are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is well-equipped with modern amenities including a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private balcony, perfect for enjoying the evening breeze. The private bathrooms, complete with a bidet, along with the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, add a touch of home.

For those eager to explore, the hotel's proximity to popular beaches like Kevi Beach, Pitushi's Beach, and La Playa Beach offers ample opportunity for adventure and relaxation by the sea. Despite its serene location, the hotel is conveniently accessible, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 161 km away, making it a viable option for both domestic and international travelers.

Mazarine Hotel in Vlorë, Albania, is not just a place to rest; it's a gateway to a memorable Albanian adventure, combining the comforts of modern amenities with the natural beauty of the surrounding area.