---\ntitle: "MB luxury apartments"\ndescription: "MB Luxury Apartments emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382800315.jpg?k=59ffee4c56c00991da69a96a6fa483cb315c7bbf10d2a5ec0a8b008010d524d9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mb-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Brari, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30814178\n  lng: 19.80841958\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382800315.jpg?k=59ffee4c56c00991da69a96a6fa483cb315c7bbf10d2a5ec0a8b008010d524d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401341672.jpg?k=41c21eb57399132a264b7102e9f5b225ee43ceac39564e9f7f3da23d82b5fa51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389472868.jpg?k=3654c3716c967c8ee6aaf4adab6b3ad14823a89fa12af3f0bb37db07c80a3752&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403132778.jpg?k=da6b77124438a2e33183c3d3f2c8bd636ab54cafb4b97baf1c3295f9d249fea6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401341422.jpg?k=e6fac4e532f7f2b4efff8609d10ce00f68b65a4de8fd38ce1faa103ae72f4608&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407212604.jpg?k=f623fa5c396bb9599a3c9537288b8120a81e4166b649ac6cdc74df122069bbc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408047220.jpg?k=fce0af0e0f674c2d515ff8bcbb29cf216407bf5a15259fd94a463d3b63716b8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402002458.jpg?k=3a4a93e5417fd7fabd58a5fd27cfd7573d4cbd0bd17e747272ab549b3ae1179e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402927477.jpg?k=a20b57142663e858c7dff272853d3a94a7bc0dd10369575e229efc6ca5c6db7b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PastEl 200 m"\n  - "Pavarotti 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 900 m"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stefan"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“View and location are perfect. The place is stunning and silent :)”"\n  - name: "Renáta"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very big and beautiful apartament, near the Zoo, close to the park, and not so far from the center. The wiew from the window is beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Enerjeta"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“We had a great time at MB Luxury Apartments in Tirana. The communication was super easy and quick and the place looks exactly like it does on the pictures. Very tidy and lovely apartment equipped with everything you need. The neighbourhood is very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mb-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe apartments stand out for their spacious layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that invites guests to relax and take in the surroundings. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, and washing machine, adds a touch of home, making it ideal for both short and long stays. Complimentary WiFi and the provision of towels and bed linen further enhance the guest experience, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free visit.

Situated a mere 2.5 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and equally close to the serene Grand Park of Tirana and the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, MB Luxury Apartments offers an excellent base for exploring the city's rich history and natural beauty. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 16 km away, the apartments provide a convenient option for international travelers.

For those seeking a blend of luxury, location, and convenience, MB Luxury Apartments presents an ideal accommodation choice in Tirana, promising an unforgettable stay tailored to the needs of modern travelers.