---\ntitle: "Me Gusta Apartments"\ndescription: "Me Gusta Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380899385.jpg?k=7df24502e1911fa4ac56cb22851759f9d233b81b27aa9971b70ac93314664005&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: me-gusta-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32968516\n  lng: 19.82227259\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.4\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380899385.jpg?k=7df24502e1911fa4ac56cb22851759f9d233b81b27aa9971b70ac93314664005&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430313428.jpg?k=f42126a733f29bebdde736b7ec39ad2195dd22b93d0df52583ea261c00e7ecaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430313362.jpg?k=0d78167ad658ab657109f377f1ea198503557dcd824469650c65a5a95bda30e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430313237.jpg?k=75d7f327b8d1645aaaefb6e5e48575abc69177844ffe84f4b91526fb40bc522c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430313053.jpg?k=50c69c1a8de5e2fa3a68c3f40ad1102f2c9c75b2fccbe5dd7279afed2c3c82b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430312971.jpg?k=13a2e1d87682c0a46fb5b997fbc1324b570b4788ff71afff75aafd4c074ca640&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430312895.jpg?k=68fa92e3be41ff8ff013cdbb2581e1d85468941f39af94d94c6715f2fb6777cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430312770.jpg?k=8bb7c97cb58f9c6e4f50ee711bf3a9ca9a301c43424c8bf3925130cff6424289&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/landmark/max1024/239904.webp?k=9c5ce5a5cec513490c3aad64cf6f614fc3f1986d78b0ea5a8708416a8a081622&o="\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (54 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "Europa Caffe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elsa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was extremely wonderful. The staff welcomed us and showed everything we needed. The reception guy helped us a lot with our questions.
The bed was very comfortable and the room was perfectly clean. The view was very nice and a huge...”"\n  - name: "Ioulian"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Super location, great value for money, spacious apartment. The owner was great.”"\n  - name: "Humberto"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“A simpatia e educação do proprietário. O meu voo atrasou até às 03:00 da manhã e ele esteve à minha espera no aeroporto de Tirana para me levar ao apartamento. Muito obrigado. A localização do apartamento é excelente, mesmo no centro de Tirana.
A...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/me-gusta-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, featuring air-conditioning for those warm Tirana days and a balcony to enjoy the city's ambiance. Guests will find the apartment well-equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, a washing machine, and a bathroom complete with a bidet. The inclusion of towels and bed linen ensures a hassle-free stay. Notably, the accommodation boasts a private entrance, offering guests an added layer of privacy.

For those looking to explore, Me Gusta Apartments is conveniently located near the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment also offers ease of travel to and from the city.

In summary, Me Gusta Apartments presents a compelling option for visitors to Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of city exploration.