---\ntitle: "Me & You Hostel"\ndescription: "Me & You Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528411.jpg?k=951b275db08c58143ea2157e954db1e961763ac09fffbd05f205e19ca9515a2d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: me-you-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Ramazan Dema 105/1, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33150192\n  lng: 19.83276072\nprice: "US$13"\npriceFrom: 13\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 489\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528411.jpg?k=951b275db08c58143ea2157e954db1e961763ac09fffbd05f205e19ca9515a2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528114.jpg?k=06536310da0bd621ccc0305f1e56420c708ac5b8f7608dce703976076c681a6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528885.jpg?k=81507a18b4e3cf7b1f70664fea6b1350f02669eadbed83fdbb1df010a215e9ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528678.jpg?k=8db3c8b4dbe4bdd1cddf934fd9e66385bc197c9ad47e71b783bdda12a25be3a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528212.jpg?k=25f0f5075861bf29b904839fa788e75be7c728c85579367b81bc0a564b7f3f03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528789.jpg?k=e5b434f39656d715a2297b6502d457a415bcfce4251ed568e1d7d612e05a5e21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528637.jpg?k=287e961f0a332f974744352ca8eea7530c9d95fdd8b514cbaeb704bb3dcd8e9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330528493.jpg?k=de6cac24c47364bb7d957266d0d82e6e8dd24390d367450cfba74d7364de5932&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508653797.jpg?k=865581dfd501d604ab79b1c9e0569c5282d6f9bf3f8f37cfe98f0a88ac25111a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Basic Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar-Lounge Anima 20 m"\n  - "Albanian Gastronomi 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shrinidhi"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“In budget, all good facilities, nice for budget stay”"\n  - name: "Kacper"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice and friendly staff, cosy room with comfortable bed, well-equipped kitchen, very nice location not so far to the city centre and close to many restaurants, shops and also to the bus stops.”"\n  - name: "Jana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Clean and spacious, very pleasant staff. Would stay again, thank you.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/me-amp-you-hostel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Me & You Hostel are treated to a range of facilities designed to enhance their stay. From the tranquility of its garden to the convenience of private parking, the hostel caters to the needs of all types of travelers. The shared lounge and bar area provide perfect spots for socializing or unwinding after a day of exploration. For those who love to grill, a barbecue is available, adding a unique touch to the dining experience.

The hostel stands out for its commitment to comfort and convenience. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the weather outside. The inclusion of a seating area and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels allows guests to relax and feel at home. The convenience of a kitchen and dining area in each room offers the freedom to prepare meals, while the shared bathroom facilities are maintained to high standards of cleanliness. Essential amenities such as bed linen and towels are thoughtfully provided, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Me & You Hostel is ideally situated for those eager to explore Tirana's rich cultural landscape. Attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana are within easy reach, making it a convenient base for sightseeing. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 17 km away, with the hostel offering airport transfers for a smooth arrival and departure.

With its strategic location, comprehensive facilities, and dedication to guest comfort, Me & You Hostel is a standout accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering an inviting atmosphere that makes every stay memorable.