---\ntitle: "Meco Apartment"\ndescription: "Meco Apartment emerges as a freshly updated gem in Vlorë, boasting an enviable position right on the cusp of Ri Beach, Beach at Government Villas, and Liro Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426881426.jpg?k=f34b5f965cacdc2a0a1784fba534091b6c11f03f181f65fb15f7b169c5db32f2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: meco-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Konomi 6 VLORE, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42523739\n  lng: 19.49303172\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 7.1\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426881426.jpg?k=f34b5f965cacdc2a0a1784fba534091b6c11f03f181f65fb15f7b169c5db32f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426881424.jpg?k=cc3330b534f71b15fcdb677cf6afc383f2638a0ef008421085ad8b5ba47cb4aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375868386.jpg?k=0108eee869fcc2578aa6c9171e0547fb5684adcb14d6e01be8a471289ed51801&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365971209.jpg?k=0c0561eddae646650348a085327bdcb8cce5516108cf217a41e93ee5580a9e80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426881422.jpg?k=80f9db6aa54dc8786a52f7c20bd683c2a7980740332a9fe8488747b6c46d2b1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356873807.jpg?k=7532f6f7bf52ec9d629538a9faf240caa825e3fc9e01993e6e9b72cc9d74dd79&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amadeo Ristorante 200 m"\n  - "Restorant Montreal 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 550 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 800 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Denis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartamenti ishte i paster dhe komod . Vendndodhje ishte shume e mire afer qendres dhe detit, me pamje nga deti dhe nga mali, dhe me nje çmim të arsyeshem .Pronari i sjellshem dhe i komunikueshem”"\n  - name: "Slobodanka"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartman izuzetno opremljen. Sve novo u apartmanu ,vlasnici su se pobrinuli da ima sve sto bi mi moglo da zatreba prilikom boravka. Vrlo ljubazni, spremni da odgovore na svako pitanje. Uz apartman ide i garaza , sto je vise nego potrebno, jer je...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment is large and comfortable for a longer stay. The hosts are very friendly and always there to help. We had a garage which helped us a lot with parking. The terrace is nice and in the shade”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/meco-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to thoughtful living spaces, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Vlorë days and nights. The living areas are spacious, featuring comfortable seating and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The kitchen is fully fitted with an oven, fridge, and stovetop, complemented by a kettle for morning or evening refreshments. Dining areas are cozy, inviting guests to enjoy their meals with a view. The private bathrooms add a touch of luxury with slippers, walk-in showers, and hair dryers. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are provided in all units.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to those needs without having to venture far. 

Situated just 2.2 km from Vlore Beach and a bit further from the historical Kuzum Baba at 5.4 km, Meco Apartment offers a perfect base for exploring the local sights and sounds. For international travelers, the journey to this seaside retreat is facilitated by its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 155 km away, making it an accessible destination for both local and international guests seeking a serene beachfront escape in Vlorë.