---\ntitle: "Mediterranean Apartments"\ndescription: "Mediterranean Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a seamless stay in Himare, offering a harmonious blend of convenience and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370437950.jpg?k=05def14fc965330e38747070cf3ce97a4a4a026cf490929a72986c063b1d6e7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mediterranean-apartments\naddress: "Potam Prinos, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.09727723\n  lng: 19.75384246\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370437950.jpg?k=05def14fc965330e38747070cf3ce97a4a4a026cf490929a72986c063b1d6e7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448566831.jpg?k=eee1117171e7e45771d1c98a6c9d9455286ee27e1634dac035d03d679381ade0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370437971.jpg?k=1e54cc107c80b1a776d80dd8768b737e876e0d5c6ef90b02a7d33f8af202474b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449287275.jpg?k=a95074c096830baa1f13d3974b17d065dedb90481c5db6de6453ea47171f832b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371057170.jpg?k=8d44e115b7b0fcefb13b781a2241fbb5cbaae656915437117c4e1ee800c37124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371057677.jpg?k=62755f183c460b5e5a3333058067a145ce6d48916920674c577b8e65ef6c7a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371053830.jpg?k=b842536d96df94d6b4860a7786afcf725e34e552b2cba20440d0be02c3e42e34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449288015.jpg?k=47dcc9e4f8003b21ae12d9cde23d6cfc20da6227af25785666d767d244584fb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448567020.jpg?k=34d2e44bbd98c7c65c7bc76df1fa4df4b9fb649ce368ea5ff273ed7bb9af83ee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (23 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chill Marine 30 m"\n  - "Cibo Restorant Mare e Terra 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Prinos Beach 30 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 200 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 350 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 600 m"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Close to the beach, clean, washing machine, all good”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“It's new and clean. The owners are really nice people and your kids will love their waffles and pancakes for breakfast :) It's located just in front of the beach, you just need to cross the street.”"\n  - name: "Kristina"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Wonderful hosts , freshly made breakfast, perfectly clean apartment.
Most important, location - seafront , right on the Prinos beach and ten minutes walking distance from the promenade.
Highly recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mediterranean-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Mediterranean Apartments are thoughtfully designed to enhance the guest experience, featuring air-conditioned rooms complete with a seating area, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a kitchen. The dining area, safety deposit box, and private bathroom with a walk-in shower, hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries add layers of convenience and comfort. The inclusion of a toaster, fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle in each unit allows guests the pleasure of preparing their own meals and beverages as they enjoy the serene mountain views from their patio.

The guest house takes pride in offering a continental breakfast with a variety of options, including juice and cheese, ensuring a delightful start to the day. 

Mediterranean Apartments is ideally situated for exploring Himare's attractions, with Prinos Beach, Potam Beach, and Maracit Beach all within easy reach. For those venturing further, Ioannina Airport is 142 km away, making it a convenient gateway for international travelers.

In summary, Mediterranean Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering guests a unique blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination for those exploring the enchanting coast of Himare.