---\ntitle: "Mediterranean Sea Apartments"\ndescription: "Mediterranean Sea Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking beachfront bliss in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463032808.jpg?k=c9e82ee14d0c6b7508a7ffa0e5f8aa0ab42596c0a469015b2189d9cc5f517de7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mediterranean-sea-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, Lagja 13 Plazh, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31207123\n  lng: 19.47993457\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 86\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463032808.jpg?k=c9e82ee14d0c6b7508a7ffa0e5f8aa0ab42596c0a469015b2189d9cc5f517de7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462999698.jpg?k=661af7030abd2e500a805bfb958725753c3dbc10a89a3137dc3ad14c35bed622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463059791.jpg?k=900ef95e647f5d20ee7f2b5d71f25c321391ade6d00bcf4e1a168dc2d036166b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463000542.jpg?k=ea565f225463eafbf0eeab3f66524138128fb4265426700fbd674a423dba2773&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463033214.jpg?k=44e51ebefe373c3f250212675c731f452db10bf3dce943e3d49388551df34b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494330020.jpg?k=54ee300d408abc12fbb3e71ce54d6a5c17b6512b20fa3a8c2352fa15cc5098f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463058788.jpg?k=d19512645a00bdb11e3958bddddbcac32ec10b82ee96bc6b95c9f3b98d3b5a07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494329875.jpg?k=a82627930cf069c2c605aee09356bdd3f6045e9eaa2228acec916b45d1b440d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494329742.jpg?k=c5e3dea9d988726f42f8fe434b96f5f7b5280edf7ff032d150a9d5451ab2121c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kreperia Hen1 50 m"\n  - "Venera 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 30 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vida"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Apartments in the very center, near all shops and restaurants. Perfectly and modernly equipped, everything is thought out, comfortable, spacious. The air conditioner worked well, which is really important when it's 36-38 degrees outside. The hosts...”"\n  - name: "István"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Very good location ,few steps from the beach and tha mall street . Restaurants,shops absolutly close. The owner is very kind and helpful . There was parking place too.The apartment is perfect for holiday long or short stay. Not the newest but...”"\n  - name: "Heather"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment right on the beach I. An amazing area. Better than photos. Great bed, wonderful decor..equipped with everything you need. I love this apartment. When I entered it for the first time I had a huge smile on my face knowing I made a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mediterranean-sea-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Mediterranean Sea Apartments is further amplified by its accommodations, which feature breathtaking sea views and expansive terraces. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi accessible across the premises, ensuring connectivity is never an issue. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully-equipped kitchen and dining area allows guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy their meals in the privacy of their own space. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which come with slippers, a walk-in shower, and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of elegance to the experience. For added convenience, each unit is stocked with bed linen and towels.

For those looking to grab a quick bite, the on-site snack bar serves a variety of refreshments. The property caters to the adventurous spirit with both bicycle and car rental services, making exploration of the surrounding area both easy and enjoyable.

Located 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just 7.1 km from the Rock of Kavaje, Mediterranean Sea Apartments is ideally positioned for guests wishing to discover the local attractions. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa, is 32 km away, with the property offering a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

Mediterranean Sea Apartments stands out as a perfect getaway for those in pursuit of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of luxury by the sea.