---\ntitle: "Mega Hotel"\ndescription: "Mega Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Gjirokastër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477169405.jpg?k=7514a6e0dbbfc1e91047b7139ba380068ee477f2407a198b0bb7dd589c9b39df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mega-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Tepelenë - Gjirokastër - Janinë, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08701143\n  lng: 20.14251688\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 82\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477169405.jpg?k=7514a6e0dbbfc1e91047b7139ba380068ee477f2407a198b0bb7dd589c9b39df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477165895.jpg?k=f9b98c3f8f747e018219a294bf13dfd49a282aa5790af3efd75a09b71e98c982&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477165986.jpg?k=9cedb5f7e073725ce607e2203603fa0237ded50a6a0e606720f630ce3347eaa4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477169090.jpg?k=aa75b469edbcaa22531cf0222100dd99095ea062375519a51a1deaebd834d9dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492248988.jpg?k=9b72cb9835a999ca8dfb88c834a9df51bce18c9d424e6aac8dda3f0c9370594c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404997305.jpg?k=f9ef74305bb78f880b988b4baf79d90fa72615c825b0ddcbc37a3b9ec8234714&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mega Mania 20 m"\n  - "Drino 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "蓉蓉"\n    country: "Taiwan"\n    text: "“The room is spacious and very clean. The shower is user friendly. The host is very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Tynan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It is very close to the Gjirokaster bus station that was the main reason we opted for Mega. Apart from the distance, the room is super cozy and very clean with the restaurant is really convenient. Owners family are very welcoming, helpful and...”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The owners are extremely kind. In de morning they prepare a nice individual breakfast. The view from the room was amazing.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mega-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Gjirokastër. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of room service and the assurance of a 24-hour front desk, ready to attend to any need that may arise. Select rooms elevate the experience further, featuring balconies that present captivating city views, inviting guests to take a moment and soak in the ambiance of their surroundings.

For those venturing from afar, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 83 km away, makes Mega Hotel an accessible gateway to the region's charms. This 3-star hotel, with its thoughtful amenities and attentive service, stands as a testament to the pleasures of Gjirokastër hospitality.