---\ntitle: "Mejdi Apartments"\ndescription: "Mejdi Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, Vlorë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202805765.jpg?k=381ec6142dbb6757e1440cdd8fd4803161c18361051e8bd0a00e4c4f84f15349&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mejdi-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Golemi,39.868165, 20.015797, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86819307\n  lng: 20.01587173\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 120\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202805765.jpg?k=381ec6142dbb6757e1440cdd8fd4803161c18361051e8bd0a00e4c4f84f15349&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456389172.jpg?k=58a1111553762b05056f564979fe7a70b702957550cae5bdc396db7950578633&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202808133.jpg?k=5d07dd8068ef1aa243d4f7b9accade0e17c3758267f48319106b33363926d187&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/188483231.jpg?k=1b00b395b95a2823c0b0fae582be4bc0d767d49728366769fb03781d8849c44c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456480138.jpg?k=869efdc69d0981d8c54c3e641595dd2441eec3c9c4f711f8d3d3289bbad2db20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202807246.jpg?k=205ac177289e2eead74148fa1a02bb3a240decc2713d715cc8c0b82bf7e167bc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Erdano 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Pupi 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "La Petite Beach 100 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 450 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christof"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Great location of a great apartment, owned by a great host :-) Anytime again.”"\n  - name: "Tadeusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful sea view, very friendly snd helpful owner.”"\n  - name: "Lena"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“It's a really nice located apartment with a stunning sea view from the balcony. Super safe carparking, as it's next to the apartment complex and protected by a gate + hidden from the street.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mejdi-39-s-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Mejdi Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each unit is equipped with complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected, whether for leisure or work. The presence of a washing machine and a flat-screen TV with cable channels in every apartment underscores the blend of home comfort and luxury. For those who treasure views, select apartments boast terraces that open up to breathtaking sea vistas, providing the perfect backdrop for a serene getaway. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the fully equipped kitchens available in each apartment. With amenities such as a fridge and kitchenware, guests have the freedom to prepare their own meals, offering a taste of home while away.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the comfort of their apartment, Mejdi Apartments is conveniently located just 700 meters from Maestral Beach, promising a quick escape to the sea. The historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is only 15 km away, making for an easy day trip. Additionally, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, 96 km away, ensures smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

In summary, Mejdi Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, offering a perfect mix of location, comfort, and amenities that cater to both families and solo travelers alike.