---\ntitle: "Melesin Distillery"\ndescription: "Melesin Distillery emerges as a distinguished 4-star hotel, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Leskovik."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430327178.jpg?k=1c9bb24b9e14824666ecefe69bbd2d0e0997d9b5bb464699a6691dcc8af4872d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: melesin-distillery\naddress: "Rruga Faik Konica Ndertesa nr.5, 7402 Leskovik, Albania"\ncity: "Leskovik"\nlocation: "Leskovik"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15269928\n  lng: 20.59936547\nprice: "US$137"\npriceFrom: 137\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 167\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430327178.jpg?k=1c9bb24b9e14824666ecefe69bbd2d0e0997d9b5bb464699a6691dcc8af4872d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430327348.jpg?k=3c5f6a0af96b325c761053792db5159ab1eeed0cab4ca9b32f6d4f20d0a90000&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451644733.jpg?k=e5881d738145a96c796b02b2f1f984703a4b629d03c3a669cc4d214c298828b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430327502.jpg?k=64c79866ac71a757a8330587ccd184ad6cc45f37afb9bbef8cdbb883bc337b3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430327635.jpg?k=21d730df1149a82c5d66ba4f7726d76759bd8b534ad19c42b6c5a80179212659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430352410.jpg?k=b30cfaa709e24e045f5d0a625b9009afc92f59543f4b087387859a248c00817f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "King Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Jorgo Bar 8 km"\n  - "Το Παλιό 17 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pindus National Park 15 km"\n  - "Paganion Monastery 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 53 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 66 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 84 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Absolutely gorgeous place. The place used to be an old distillery which is now transformed into a hotel. Cool interior design and top notch facilities. Living room industrial retro style with a large fireplace that makes for a very cosy...”"\n  - name: "Christos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The overall concept! Distileey & resto & guestrooms!”"\n  - name: "Ann"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“Staff was very helpful, food was very good and the hotel/room were very clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/melesin-distillery.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of modern amenities and thoughtful services, including complimentary WiFi, a cozy bar, and a restaurant that promises an array of delightful culinary experiences. The hotel prides itself on its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all visitors.

Accommodations at Melesin Distillery are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is well-appointed with a refrigerator, minibar, and kettle, alongside essentials such as a shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. The presence of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in every room adds a touch of luxury, while select rooms boast the added charm of a balcony. Ensuring a restful night's sleep, the hotel provides plush bed linen and towels for the utmost convenience.

For those eager to explore beyond the hotel's confines, the Gormos river valley awaits at a distance of 40 km, offering scenic landscapes and tranquil surroundings. The Monastery of Panagia Spiliotissa, located 44 km away, is another must-visit for culture enthusiasts. With Ioannina Airport just 70 km away, Melesin Distillery serves as a perfect gateway for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the region's rich heritage and natural wonders.