---\ntitle: "Melissa Apartments"\ndescription: "Melissa Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Flamingo Beach and within easy reach of Mango and Santa Quaranta Beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632454.jpg?k=b35521cbea84dc4855018a9dcc34cc1098dadd5b4330ba1be4b02e5628819972&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: melissa-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Sarandë-Butrinti km3, SH81, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.853784\n  lng: 20.022475\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632454.jpg?k=b35521cbea84dc4855018a9dcc34cc1098dadd5b4330ba1be4b02e5628819972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632485.jpg?k=79824d28fcf9e99fad91eb465f712619aa5dec44ff34a1ad95c66769a6733137&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632123.jpg?k=d8aac15b35923f9a77d0b0db60fbd9ddf783cb29ae1447b52dc679aac0aa7a8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632490.jpg?k=4d3158ae21493e0b921ce3f18aa849abd8d9057f68f295feec8a680f6bc3b0ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632138.jpg?k=57be1e967dda5f9c0e27fe3e7f5115d2ab5386e273d4285ec00115453bf092d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632502.jpg?k=900595329123cdaa0e8a082663cf016e1ee66d2ee84534e0113f0bda50119896&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632120.jpg?k=abf53bd30e271df071f631bc8799f47ddd03b238e41820db5275ba3a1866c933&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632121.jpg?k=538e1e144a2cb60e595ee2faa06d06e28bbd65c232384e7cfe605a2be5a3680c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525632117.jpg?k=8924d7d27fb6ea84c0823749cfaa86cf42334842025476f01b77c58044938570&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 10 m"\n  - "Zgara Tradicionale 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 500 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 450 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 600 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host is very kind and helpful. If we hand any problem , she was resolving and supporting. The apartment was great, all the facilities you needed were there. Great location. Few steps to the beach. Amazing view from the balcony. We were on...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Singapore"\n    text: "“Great location close to Mango Beach and restaurants and supermarket. Apartment is large and comfortable. Balcony with panorama sea view and sunset view. Private parking at basement is convenient and safe. Host and cleaning lady are very nice and...”"\n  - name: "Kucukovic"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Objekat je blizu plaze ,osoblje je jako susretljivo. Silvana je jako prijatna , divna osoba koja bodi brigu o apartmanima. Jako smo zadovoljni uslugom i boravkom u apartmanu već drugu godinu za redom.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amazing-beachfront-in-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is a haven of relaxation, featuring air-conditioned spaces complemented by a balcony that offers guests a front-row seat to the Adriatic Sea's tranquil beauty. The living areas are thoughtfully designed with a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment and a seating area for moments of rest. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, alongside the convenience of a coffee machine and kettle for morning or evening beverages. The private bathrooms are modern and equipped with walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable and refreshing stay.

For those who venture beyond the comfort of their apartment, Melissa Apartments serves as an ideal base to explore the rich history and natural beauty of the surrounding area. The ancient ruins of Butrint National Park are a mere 13 km away, offering a glimpse into the past, while the enigmatic Ancient Fanoti is within a 47 km drive. Additionally, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 97 km away, facilitates easy travel arrangements for international guests.

Accommodations at Melissa Apartments are not just about the place to stay; they are about enhancing the overall travel experience in Sarandë, providing a cozy, well-appointed home away from home.