---\ntitle: "Melina Apartments"\ndescription: "Melina Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, boasting an enviable location that's a stone's throw away from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach and a leisurely 11-minute stroll from VIP Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354226764.jpg?k=ef6ee83d579882a1ae193b583eb492549c4b7a96f6381378e1cd05a33d108adb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: melina-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86345903\n  lng: 20.0198224\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354226764.jpg?k=ef6ee83d579882a1ae193b583eb492549c4b7a96f6381378e1cd05a33d108adb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354228170.jpg?k=0f4c9e12284ee48f5b7df1c7313fe0da6373310ec78478c91691d54c1a2054ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354226763.jpg?k=776b5e8ae31fd3e413b3b99b023849fb18839cf1732d800ebe979d9725bf5829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468383642.jpg?k=ecde78bc3efaf334d178cbc2685bbe627838b02d81991cfe2ad77b0dba63e055&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354227669.jpg?k=268c93875ea4513d1cf79a09e48c00ff55a175618159011b5fb54d5c94092c0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474551002.jpg?k=f0b93ba92211ccacf5d0f7048674ee2c5ebaf1cc5a833362648c4449a24cec73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rixhi 30 m"\n  - "Blu Blu Gourmet 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 450 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 700 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Melisa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room is clean and spacious. It was really good and Melina & her mother made our stay more comfortable. The property is very nice for the value of money. I totally recommend it if you are going in Saranda ( Ksamil also is only 20 minutes drive).”"\n  - name: "Sanja"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The hosts were very kind and allowed an early check in upon arrival. They assisted with everything we needed. The view is gorgeous, and the apartment is in a great location, with nearby beach, stores and a bus station. We would wholeheartedly...”"\n  - name: "Milos"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The place was really amazing.Very nice cocktail bar near to the apartment.
Melina and Linda were excellent hosts but owner of the apartment (Lefter) was outstanding.
One more time thank you for wonderful time.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/melina-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Melina Apartments are designed with the modern family in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that open up to lush garden views and the tranquil sea beyond. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a private balcony in select units, perfect for soaking in the surroundings in solitude or with loved ones. The rooms are well-appointed, offering air conditioning, a dining area, and a cozy seating area equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. Privacy and convenience are paramount, with each unit boasting a sleek private bathroom and complimentary WiFi. For those requiring a little extra space, some units also include a dressing room, adding an extra layer of comfort to the stay.

Adding to the convenience, Melina Apartments provides a car rental service, making exploration of the surrounding area effortless. Guests can venture out to discover nearby attractions such as Mango Beach, located just 1.4 km away, or delve into the natural beauty of Butrint National Park, a mere 14 km from the doorstep. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 96 km from the accommodation, ensuring a relatively smooth journey to this serene retreat.

Melina Apartments presents a compelling option for those in search of a tranquil getaway, where the beauty of Sarandë can be experienced in comfort and style.