---\ntitle: "Meliá Durrës Albania"\ndescription: "Meliá Durrës Albania emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking unparalleled service and amenities in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455066087.jpg?k=e48781ba6eeee7f94d0462688447ee931c539b95e83a195fc9038c2e9dd3e659&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: meli-durr-s-albania\naddress: "Plazhi San Pietro, Gjiri i Lalezit Dürres, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.51808546\n  lng: 19.5240115\nprice: "US$116"\npriceFrom: 116\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 268\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455066087.jpg?k=e48781ba6eeee7f94d0462688447ee931c539b95e83a195fc9038c2e9dd3e659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455066039.jpg?k=4f6f38c63f70b36f3b18c644b61bf0ca92362dc43148080f693bd303db40e9c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455066101.jpg?k=bdeee18d73fd4201f29c4560ced6c809001438906f155acbd6f58a0610a424a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462810004.jpg?k=4b23598b63e08c3bb357db8e3fb45efc2447bb5115eb81657ccc81d6d0348e82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462355124.jpg?k=21f488312f0d78e61d761f0b48b7af73760905d81c4357ff00e5023043914889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462355740.jpg?k=ac3c242e4b053bc43a3981f94e61d1e327077474135b632e58865536447e90a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "6 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Infinity Pool View"\n  - "Deluxe Infinity Pool View with Private Garden"\n  - "Deluxe Frontal Sea View"\n  - "The Level Infinity Pool with Garden"\n  - "The Level Sea View"\n  - "The Level Beachside"\n  - "The Level Junior Suite Beachside"\n  - "The Level Grand Suite Beachside"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cavalli Beach 550 m"\n  - "Coco Mangos 650 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 700 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lejla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The Melia hotel is beautifully made. Breakfast was very good, as well as amenities, like pool, jakuzzi, spa etc.”"\n  - name: "Woyengi-imomoemi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It’s just amazing, so many things to do. Only issue is our timing wasn’t so great as we went in the off peak period and not everything was open to do . Best to go in summer”"\n  - name: "Doris"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Huge resort, very luxurious, the indoor pool was great, a warmer water would be better. Everything else just fine. The room was fantastic very comfortable. 9/10”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/melia-durres-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Resort Experience"\nbestCategories: "Resort Experience"\ncategory: "Resort Experience"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of comfort and elegance, with each air-conditioned room equipped with modern conveniences such as a desk, kettle, minibar, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with a shower. Attention to detail is evident, with high-quality bed linen and towels provided to enhance the stay.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a menu of Italian, Mediterranean, and local cuisine is expertly prepared. For those with specific dietary needs, vegetarian, dairy-free, and vegan options are readily available, ensuring a satisfying dining experience for all.

Meliá Durrës Albania is not just about adult indulgence; it also offers a vibrant children's playground, making it an ideal choice for families. The surrounding area is renowned for cycling, and the hotel facilitates exploration by offering car hire services.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is within easy reach of notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 28 km away, making Meliá Durrës Albania a top choice for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, Meliá Durrës Albania stands out as a beacon of luxury and comfort, promising an unforgettable stay for those who appreciate the finer things in life.