---\ntitle: "Melina Apartment"\ndescription: "Melina Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556321.jpg?k=bcc1c50183d300de4c9f4b1696b2aec8481c1f104d1c3bf1bde9aa884b719cb6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: melina-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87180317\n  lng: 20.01693759\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556321.jpg?k=bcc1c50183d300de4c9f4b1696b2aec8481c1f104d1c3bf1bde9aa884b719cb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556313.jpg?k=54c0f0ccbaef5df16f4c23adedb62edac52c65b9df1672158c88dbc80591b58d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556320.jpg?k=2e2968fcca231406f47baf9e4cabb36170a7a6cecaf3b90d42462d7fc50af864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556311.jpg?k=d912e7af070f61248c33f6d0f48c3b185e890402db27ad01ba13d058bf211424&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360993040.jpg?k=2e61ec5bd16950f30ed769403343443a5f15133546ec5b1e3381c0a31eada47a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556315.jpg?k=ab2af31a6c9a78ed7c57915ea09752b59f096bba146c3007ebb2011997315b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556314.jpg?k=60969ac9428fd561687a9f62fecb8e6ec5679a5e130352b6c07640446c7f0ada&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354556307.jpg?k=7f1e7531e45e4006a4d08f764ffae5c175dff5e06c68e292b2f48926f57b7b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465287201.jpg?k=fa67d6f0414d0d7aca8051a7ed3af01a3eeeb6235807c724055b0b549915d3bf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casa Nostra 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalija 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Goran"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Amazingly quick response to any question or request I had. We experienced absolutely no issues or inconveniences.”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nette Vermieterin, 7 min zum Strand und Strandpromenade. Parken etwas schwierig sonst Top.”"\n  - name: "Anastasija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Very clean, had AC in all rooms as well as a hairdryer washing machine and extra cookware and towels. Near the centre, a public beach and a 20 minute ride to Ksamil. Overall great!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/jona-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Melina Apartment are treated to a seamless experience, thanks to the inclusion of modern facilities such as an elevator and the convenience of private check-in and check-out services. The promise of free WiFi throughout ensures that connectivity is never an issue, whether for leisure or work.

The apartment itself is a study in spaciousness and comfort, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with essential linens and towels. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, positioned in a cozy dining area. The heart of the apartment, a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to feel at home, while a balcony presents breathtaking sea views, adding a touch of serenity to the stay. Notably, the apartment features a private entrance and soundproofing, ensuring a tranquil and undisturbed experience.

For those eager to explore, sightseeing tours are conveniently accessible near the property, promising adventures and local discoveries. Melina Apartment is also ideally situated for beach enthusiasts, with Maestral Beach and VIP Beach just a short distance away. For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 95 km from the apartment.

In summary, Melina Apartment offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and connectivity, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience Sarandë in a relaxed and homely atmosphere.