---\ntitle: "Melodia - Harmony Heaven"\ndescription: "Melodia - Harmony Heaven emerges as a gem in the realm of hospitality, having undergone a recent renovation that breathes new life into its historic walls."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484029895.jpg?k=9804e27957f6c3f17e92fc34fd87649a5ea67e0ea1459a4b514321065399c10d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: melodia-harmony-heaven\naddress: "Rruga Isa Zhuli, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07611886\n  lng: 20.13475921\nprice: "US$112"\npriceFrom: 112\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484029895.jpg?k=9804e27957f6c3f17e92fc34fd87649a5ea67e0ea1459a4b514321065399c10d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484030108.jpg?k=ec7bf7f574c69fdad1925daa7662945b97841b9b43b7cce181ef0dc7d86955e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484030010.jpg?k=bdd4e6f8f0a92e7dc3369bf3ab4b83e662a6877215c229ce941f29d3cc2fb2b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484030098.jpg?k=5933ec61f1289004192162c7fe799a8142d2de6293446d2e8ffe54b281bb5493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484030037.jpg?k=46fc7a2d20dbb89fba0cb3361ae1ba95e9f512cafdc9904f57d6e4c8819f22fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484029994.jpg?k=603ca740966c2c5b3e433759f0caad0985020ed4032427759846bd1645ac8184&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484030103.jpg?k=d2bfc8300e0dfc440fd2f6170142bd05f4c3f4eb2cd0d522a365a8d4efd02e7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484029984.jpg?k=86f7701cc5a49c2ee43c681660c1c9278585227d72385e82870134fd65923432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484029977.jpg?k=22828bef5ae52aa7bc164f97f9fc3373b073455c0fdc176e750fa8828240bbf7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (18 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Etno 150 m"\n  - "Silver Hill Reastaurant 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johanna"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The apartment was beautifully renovated and had a real soul. The host was just fantastic.”"\n  - name: "Fahrudin"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Our stay at Melodia was wonderful. The host was very welcoming. The home itself was quintessentially characteristic to Gjirokaster being an historic home with all the necessary modern amenities and more. The place was clean, comfortable beds, and...”"\n  - name: "Migena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean and really pretty. It has everything we needed and more. Denisa was amazing and she even left water and fresh fruits for us, so we could snack on something when we arrived. We absolutely loved everything about the property...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/melodia-harmony-heaven.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Melodia - Harmony Heaven is undoubtedly its spacious apartment. Boasting a patio that offers breathtaking mountain views, the apartment is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster. The presence of two bathrooms with showers adds to the convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay for guests. Upon entering through a private entrance, visitors are greeted with thoughtful touches such as wine or champagne and fruits, making for a welcoming atmosphere. Moreover, the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, catering to the well-being of all guests.

For those with an adventurous spirit, Melodia - Harmony Heaven is ideally situated for exploring the surrounding area of Gjirokastër. Activities such as cycling and hiking promise an engaging experience with the local landscape. 

Accessibility is also a key feature, with Ioannina Airport located 84 km away. The property facilitates travel arrangements by offering a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free connection for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Melodia - Harmony Heaven stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where historic charm meets modern comfort, making it a must-visit destination for those venturing to this picturesque part of the world.