---\ntitle: "Mema Resort"\ndescription: "Mema Resort, located a mere 12 km from the vibrant heart of Tirana and Skanderbeg Square, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610174.jpg?k=8522ca6996d382e4e1dac34febb179cc8829175f1ac9ed7dc6b26c313abf576e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mema-resort\naddress: "Mullet, Petrelë, Tiranë, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26329168\n  lng: 19.86589806\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610174.jpg?k=8522ca6996d382e4e1dac34febb179cc8829175f1ac9ed7dc6b26c313abf576e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610296.jpg?k=1a375e8cec85bef0b1bf79984aeec2cb088beebea56ee7cbc58e7cd54660572a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509702024.jpg?k=94132b661e9c5c62920c1dfad65c14f1800126332a7fc9a91dab16c5e246c20e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509702174.jpg?k=2f0b5662c1eb4e7b1fffe82f5341fa3e3accc12f0f2623d6c7400fa60a08874f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509702036.jpg?k=0f208747c3b89af84d6e8b26f5c8253edc8de5a3b2e291f98c165dc1f371056c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610267.jpg?k=a208fbfae4017c9fe853076dc633dbb5c5c39b0d2a9cc6d35a2231b321a62a1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610249.jpg?k=638bb8c93a43f439d8157721c17d0adaab03acc250b4c75154aab03d6e5a4456&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610286.jpg?k=0d4002aeeab63024c54bdd9bad5070144444f0251c770d45c8931bc0de47cb90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509610219.jpg?k=2641087c54a1582551d84e97b0c23f4a5e538334fe4635ed6e020fb6796f9836&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 10 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Merlin Resort 100 m"\n  - "Iluminatum Residence 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 6 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 7 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 74 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mema-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Mema Resort are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a desk, and a private balcony that offers a stunning view of the city. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and the inclusion of bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. Additionally, ample storage space is provided by the wardrobes available in all rooms.

The resort doesn't just cater to the needs of adults; it also offers a children's playground, making it an ideal choice for families. Dining at the resort is an experience in itself, with a restaurant that serves a variety of delicious meals and a bar where guests can unwind with a drink. The terrace, offering breathtaking mountain views, serves as the perfect backdrop for a memorable dining experience.

For those looking to explore the area, Mema Resort is conveniently located near several attractions. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 14 km away, offering an opportunity for an unforgettable aerial journey over the area's natural beauty. Meanwhile, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 11 km from the resort, providing a glimpse into the country's past. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 24 km away, making Mema Resort an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Mema Resort emerges as a top choice for those visiting Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of adventure. Its comprehensive amenities, coupled with its strategic location, make it a compelling choice for a wide range of travelers.