---\ntitle: "Merar Hotel"\ndescription: "Merar Hotel, located a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Qerret Beach in Golem, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656691.jpg?k=6acbd555c2f2d6004baf0b59998568533527463331e434dfabbacbbf0bf7f728&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: merar-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Besa Qerret, 1004 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2194043\n  lng: 19.50705477\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 79\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656691.jpg?k=6acbd555c2f2d6004baf0b59998568533527463331e434dfabbacbbf0bf7f728&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656629.jpg?k=4a65a15cdd875b20852e402a95b2faacec921de78622bbb9a7e07841c65b0146&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465364064.jpg?k=91c9e013236567ef6ec2c4a66292ed12cc3521b260876a488f6177a58e845f59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656695.jpg?k=490513a485877c8d5c8f47e56e1b07a76ca9fc244d54517b1cc49d1f550707c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358683808.jpg?k=c35dfacc70e1fc07170831b321cb752238d882abf02342325281d6d3c64e5dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656689.jpg?k=327465d023fefc0879ec58a85542332453f36caffc463f0d9ed5eaa49837012d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656590.jpg?k=1db712fe9f9ced744572fb36c9efa96daee7f38af55e8a7af3c509180efc7af4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465364063.jpg?k=80f6aeb2e7acfc8925e306c2fcb0e05cd7352bd8f57a87eed8bf2010ae427f0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358656716.jpg?k=cdb7d52fd76fa195aff83d064db01617173af8cec5f490b995879a42cd5fa3ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama by Supreme Hotel & Spa 50 m"\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 50 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 27 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Taulant"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“One of the best hotels we have stayed in the Albanian riviera”"\n  - name: "Cara"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very clean, friendly staff and a private beach section.”"\n  - name: "Dorothy"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The hotel is so clean and great location. Food was amazing. Staff in restaurant were amazing couldn't do enough for us.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/merar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that boast not only comfort but functionality. Each room is equipped with a desk, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private balcony offers a personal oasis where guests can unwind in solitude. Ensuring a seamless stay, all rooms feature a private bathroom equipped with a shower, complemented by fresh bed linen and towels.

The Merar Hotel prides itself on its attentive services, including a 24-hour front desk ready to assist at any hour, airport transfers for hassle-free travel arrangements, room service for in-room dining experiences, and the convenience of free WiFi throughout the property. For those carrying extra luggage, the hotel offers a luggage storage space, adding to the ease of the stay.

Situated just 1.9 km from the serene Mali I Robit Beach and a scenic drive from Skanderbeg Square, the hotel's location is ideal for explorers eager to discover the area's attractions. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located only 44 km away, the Merar Hotel serves as a perfect gateway for international travelers looking to experience the beauty of Golem.