---\ntitle: "Mert Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Mert Boutique Hotel, located in the charming city of Korçë, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of luxury and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373245856.jpg?k=6749d8c1dcdda07da4d23abf8aed329105e77235525a576b19add8a91d4f96a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mert-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Vaso Pasha Lagja 11, Rruga \"Vaso Pasha\", 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62092825\n  lng: 20.78252138\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 129\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373245856.jpg?k=6749d8c1dcdda07da4d23abf8aed329105e77235525a576b19add8a91d4f96a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373616645.jpg?k=6e7ff04b9dd2154cb756d5c96e5d970967303bb33f15cfc8a4fcfac648bb20d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373625357.jpg?k=e21c3fee1b849e6fd1c7f76f66236d2481dcc17613813528b7327ab23fdd15ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333412205.jpg?k=078c0460a36ae8e01358dfeb9c3623af945896d149fb8d1055cc6364b2657f20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373622485.jpg?k=7f6044b59d18e3ad298d9a0915294e57353aa532eaf42326e53b68e46c9a63e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333410146.jpg?k=e538852efc95f6a542fe5308278f1c2b0e0ea47afae47d6c470826ba2a6a3460&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373616679.jpg?k=bbffbf543a8ca0aec3ffc01858c74d02d13e2edfb3323732830c7abe178e54ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356336691.jpg?k=930f117c215485a628d757a66707199e7ecc6677e5f17522363494b0546b4570&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356336697.jpg?k=9bdb32b545d6a128d079e109c4ed07a851dca81fd644402855bc373f819f4e92&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zeus 50 m"\n  - "Secret &Pizza 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Field of Tears 250 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Romina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect: the room, location, the facilities and the food. The staff was all kind and very helpful. I would highly recommend and for sure come back again.”"\n  - name: "Eldo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“All was perfect; the design, the confort , the food at the restaurant was excellent!”"\n  - name: "Lirim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great value for price,very clean and tidy. Breakfast was great too. Would recommend to anyone,definitely will be back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mert-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking, setting the stage for a stay marked by thoughtful amenities and services. The hotel's meticulously landscaped garden and inviting terrace offer serene spaces for relaxation, while the on-site restaurant promises a culinary journey with its array of delectable dishes.

Accommodations at Mert Boutique Hotel are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each guest room is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, a minibar, and a coffee machine for that essential morning brew. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where a modern shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries await. For added convenience, a desk and safety deposit box are standard in all rooms, with select accommodations boasting balconies and breathtaking mountain views. Storage needs are elegantly met with spacious wardrobes in every room.

Beyond the luxurious rooms, the hotel ensures connectivity and assistance around the clock with free WiFi access and a 24-hour front desk. The added perk of room service elevates the experience, allowing guests to enjoy the comforts of the hotel at any hour.

Situated 70 km from Kastoria National Airport, Mert Boutique Hotel offers an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers. Whether it's the allure of nearby natural attractions or the need for a tranquil retreat, this hotel delivers an unforgettable stay in Korçë.