---\ntitle: "MERY'S Apartments"\ndescription: "MERY'S Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359937678.jpg?k=6755a89c9808ad3b071593b0029b115b74d4b7dc645ac7f2a721196676086e51&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mery-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2003 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30481344\n  lng: 19.49351919\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359937678.jpg?k=6755a89c9808ad3b071593b0029b115b74d4b7dc645ac7f2a721196676086e51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359937926.jpg?k=9bec6c13dd87d8624aa69ec2aade652d93e3db7c00bb5ac0d35125994c8442d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359938009.jpg?k=1f6698213e450a83e8281982dd039ee0aaef4507214d34f0b269947cac65ce95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374003363.jpg?k=9c1486dc6a322d74d521157dd43db5d9f44398143148a3340410e680aa3caf62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359937903.jpg?k=9ee2723e03ac3fdd506c8fc05ff512218e238542d68e2c1f8d30be964cd0368b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359937997.jpg?k=8e2a1e37e5be3ac8b76e9824da2e7e1794586b099eb8d7e570d71c367fb282ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iralb 50 m"\n  - "Chichken Hause 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 150 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Flori"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good, room with all the needed tools for a house, all kitchen and bad where new! a lot of parking space on a safe place, beach was 3min walk. I really recommend for family up to 5 members”"\n  - name: "Kejti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, especially for a stay with a child. It was like being at home, just in another location. There was everything we needed.
The owners were very friendly and communicative.
We are very satisfied.”"\n  - name: "Pedrini"\n    country: "Chile"\n    text: "“Este apartamento está ubicado súper bien.
Está cerca de todo para comer, comprar, etc.
Es súper cómodo y amplio, no tuvimos ningún problema. La persona que nos recibió fue súper amable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/merys-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a home away from home experience, with each apartment featuring a private balcony, a fully equipped kitchen, and a cozy seating area. Entertainment and practical needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine, while the private bathroom comes equipped with a walk-in shower and a hairdryer. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are readily provided, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Families will appreciate the inclusion of a children's playground, making it an ideal option for those traveling with little ones. Additionally, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds a layer of convenience for guests.

Located just a short drive from significant landmarks such as the Durres Amphitheatre and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, MERY'S Apartments offers a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 33 km away, it also serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

In summary, MERY'S Apartments in Durrës presents a compelling accommodation choice for those in search of a comfortable, well-appointed base to explore the beauty and history of the region.