---\ntitle: "Metro Hotel Terminal"\ndescription: "Metro Hotel Terminal emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience during their visit to Çeliku."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514678368.jpg?k=dbe1d68d7f2b42265308e0f0afd7eae2501911eb9e7cc3f8a3eb9040c5480e2e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: metro-hotel-terminal\naddress: "Njesia Administrative Farkë, Terminali i Autobusëve Juglindor Rrethrrotullimi i TEG, 1045 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28329877\n  lng: 19.85615107\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514678368.jpg?k=dbe1d68d7f2b42265308e0f0afd7eae2501911eb9e7cc3f8a3eb9040c5480e2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514442203.jpg?k=ef04ac36330aca2efd72a2629ef75e2da8dbc1ee6f100e1db1b5c37ca7a223e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521928144.jpg?k=a41c96bae784ed2df444d3a06dce99cfc3e9637d4fcfb88ee64c07ccf45c062e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521928147.jpg?k=d44c85c85ade50a2d989f104238b92fab527385a32efca4b659f2b041000bbb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521928143.jpg?k=c0a1278bd4807c4a1ef470764b4b08478d71b032b0a796a0e157e5c28ac39e37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514681218.jpg?k=586a34b4d86c128baed74386acb40903ce2006899886900cb3e017975ac11858&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Double Room - Disability Access"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ottomans Oriental Cuisine 100 m"\n  - "KFC 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 3.6 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 3.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 4.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 4.7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.8 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 4.8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chihoon"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“New, clean, comfortable, unbelievably affordable with great service. If you are arriving late or leaving early to/from the bus terminal, this is the perfect place to stay.
Literally in the same building with the bus station and the biggest...”"\n  - name: "Avril"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Excellent hotel. Rooms are nice and clean. The staff are friendly and there was a very good selection for buffet breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Enzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La struttura e ben organizzata, camera pulita e spaziosa. Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo. Il servizio taxi puntuale, pozicione hotel vicino al centro commerciale.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/metro-terminal.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of services designed to cater to the needs of its guests, including a 24-hour front desk, seamless airport transfer options, attentive room service, and ubiquitous free WiFi access across the property. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the provision of a concierge service and luggage storage facilities, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Accommodations at Metro Hotel Terminal are thoughtfully appointed, featuring air conditioning for comfort, a seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The safety of personal belongings is guaranteed with in-room safety deposit boxes, while the private bathrooms come equipped with showers, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, adding a touch of convenience to the stay. Furthermore, each room is meticulously prepared with fresh bed linen and towels, underscoring the hotel's attention to detail.

Guests can start their day on a high note with a diverse breakfast selection, offering buffet, continental, or Italian options to suit various palates. For those on business or needing to attend to professional matters, Metro Hotel Terminal facilitates this with ironing services and business amenities, including fax and photocopying facilities.

The hotel's location is not only advantageous for its proximity to Skanderbeg Square but also for being within reach of notable attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 10 km away, and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 7.9 km from the property. For travelers flying in or out, the convenience is further enhanced by the hotel's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 21 km away.

Metro Hotel Terminal stands out as a prime lodging option, offering a blend of service, comfort, and location that caters to the diverse needs of modern travelers.