---\ntitle: "Metro Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Metro Hotel Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172621293.jpg?k=b1c607a6e62c05e4af00b639e3369ebc476aa3b05a87c8f6066d9be194a54f07&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: metro-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Tupe Numer 3, kati 1, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3197719\n  lng: 19.81739143\nprice: "US$79"\npriceFrom: 79\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 704\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172621293.jpg?k=b1c607a6e62c05e4af00b639e3369ebc476aa3b05a87c8f6066d9be194a54f07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172632388.jpg?k=57a758ba40e2e2880de759e3702bea5c0689dd50cc8551e83d4aa000d6e0f3f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172957222.jpg?k=d423e133edef4e8de14cc731ae8c770e339fc792c5f7f46ba99f3e595e1eda3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172622119.jpg?k=da978169587aaa78225cafa0f4930c054484e18b8aabb9d3e55f0fba8654d402&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172632673.jpg?k=80b6455654d9de7623427a63e9d9f83b5e0e13b476fbfc04e80b49891359531c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172621176.jpg?k=31f109bcb7eaadd9e934bea389b48b9a7786356ea46b8ede1e930058260e4c64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172955779.jpg?k=010138366495ff287f17fb86b6bd947e883248319c6f9e73c7d2a5bb861d4dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172621261.jpg?k=593d1c4be341fac88762fe9cf5900aa2f5355cc0ac7996c28d7ba8a8510ab0d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172632783.jpg?k=e3fbaab4c33dbe5c5a5f8987f8a9e764eaf9a155debde70549aeac63d1d40d53&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "King Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room - Disability Access"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Espana 0 m"\n  - "Nama Sushi 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rotund"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Absolutely everything exactly as in the description. The hotel deserves its rating. The room is absolutely functional, clean, warm. TV capable of connecting via Bluetooth. The housekeepers are prompt in cleaning. The breakfast is excellent. The...”"\n  - name: "Smyk"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“We are asked for wegetarian option and everyday we got special plate with food on breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Márk"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The bed and the pillows were amazing. The breakfast was wide and delicious. And special thanks to the staff, who was extremely kind, helpful and always smiling. ☺️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/metro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of amenities, including a welcoming bar and complimentary bicycles for guests wishing to navigate Tirana on two wheels. Each air-conditioned room is a haven of comfort, offering free WiFi, a private bathroom, a desk for those needing to stay on top of work, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a safety deposit box for personal valuables.

Guests have the option to start their day with a choice of buffet, continental, or Italian breakfast, ensuring a delightful beginning to their adventures in Tirana. For those keen on exploring the area, the hotel is conveniently situated near popular attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour reception, offering non-stop assistance and staff who are fluent in English, Italian, and Albanian, ready to cater to guests' needs, including car hire arrangements for further exploration of the city.

For travelers arriving by air, Metro Hotel Tirana is located 16 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure a seamless transition from air to accommodation.

In summary, Metro Hotel Tirana stands out as a top-tier choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a perfect mix of modern amenities, strategic location, and attentive service.