---\ntitle: "Mi Casa es Tu Casa - Shkodra Backpackers Hostel"\ndescription: "Mi Casa Es Tu Casa - Shkodra Backpackers Hostel stands as a beacon of hospitality in the heart of Shkodër, offering travelers a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147347387.jpg?k=afb86128a3601a696bf7696cbb94196b52a1ac83e1102ad62688bdbaf1e5b7b8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mi-casa-es-tu-casa-shkodra-backpackers-hostel\naddress: "Bulevard Sknderbeu , in front of Kinema Millenium, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06576804\n  lng: 19.51466444\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 710\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147347387.jpg?k=afb86128a3601a696bf7696cbb94196b52a1ac83e1102ad62688bdbaf1e5b7b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360964268.jpg?k=72a76337108e04d7cc46c4d2e689d61d05a3c59253a6e31e9b9c0ac31fd4ceb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/166302427.jpg?k=ebfe1059bd98c175c76cc4f3a9f1410de8fde711976af8e84147cba1916fb471&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147347454.jpg?k=0be7455eb3e7cbefd244da56c4cfbe3c6fea67a3569ca35f1186b79cc1a45174&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375114749.jpg?k=619ec71c7b0b99baadce8c1a567db1643b2fb88c87c6fc16281e8d292b50527b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375115083.jpg?k=d4ce12eecef1c8aa91205347cf8afcf167e23f949c2922676fa26f6ba9538c6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375114956.jpg?k=6859e1961dd1fd1347f552fc40a720ded606fda3b2f85015f68a5fcf7cb330a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375114923.jpg?k=4eed0b74b9b7b7cf7b78b1c459e34c14842ffaa4ede709f71b6dc4c161b38e25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104153263.jpg?k=c237c41f85014c6df678c497df9daaeeb0eb9b3ab10cfd26353b20044a51f019&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Millenium 50 m"\n  - "ARKA Hostel 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.8 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Steve"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“One of the best things was the breakfast, where Justina and other members of staff served an excellent breakfast for 5 euros. This was convenient and pleasant and I took advantage of it every morning.”"\n  - name: "Chiara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Since the beginning we have immediately felt super welcoming. The guy in the reception, Sam, is an incredible soul, really patient. In fact he showed us around all the hostel, because we didn't really know where we wanted to sleep.
The room...”"\n  - name: "Steven"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Very helpful and friendly hostel with a super location in Shkoder. They helped with good restaurant tips, travel tips, and arranging transport to the hiking areas.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hostel-mi-casa-es-tu-casa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nEvery room in the hostel is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning and a work desk, ensuring a comfortable stay whether for relaxation or productivity. The inclusion of towels and linen in the room rate adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. Moreover, the availability of shared bathrooms, equipped with showers, ensures cleanliness and comfort are never compromised.

The hostel doesn't just stop at providing a place to sleep; it extends its hospitality to include a common kitchen and dining area, allowing guests to prepare their meals and enjoy them in a communal setting. This feature is particularly appreciated by those looking to keep travel costs low while still enjoying the camaraderie of fellow travelers.

For those looking to explore Shkodër, Mi Casa Es Tu Casa - Shkodra Backpackers Hostel is ideally located. A plethora of restaurants, bars, and a local marketplace are just a short walk away, offering guests a taste of local life and cuisine. Additionally, the hostel's tour desk, luggage storage, and laundry service ensure that all guest needs are met, making for a hassle-free stay.

Conveniently located just 100 meters from the Main Bus Station and 75 km from Tirana Airport, the hostel offers easy access for travelers coming from near and far. Whether it's the warm hospitality, the comprehensive amenities, or the prime location, Mi Casa Es Tu Casa - Shkodra Backpackers Hostel is a top choice for those seeking an authentic and comfortable stay in Shkodër.