---\ntitle: "Mia Marine Rooms"\ndescription: "Mia Marine Rooms emerges as a distinguished 4-star haven in the heart of Himare, boasting an enviable beachfront location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796913.jpg?k=0720286e2535292816bfb3f611bc77fe41a7b2339d8d4be84b410606a16e9de3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mia-marine-rooms\naddress: "Himare Himare, 1022 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10321554\n  lng: 19.74291427\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 75\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796913.jpg?k=0720286e2535292816bfb3f611bc77fe41a7b2339d8d4be84b410606a16e9de3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375794423.jpg?k=884b8a17eb4c067effc05c9065231230fff8edc22c30d7086f4b107a3aef2c58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796977.jpg?k=6de62005c317376b33d157c182a260e2fda412a6e3446826005a953815dba03a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796966.jpg?k=9d7811f9f3c401cb1fb29ed8de4894889fb71374e805f0e182ffb22df5b42097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796972.jpg?k=0efc2dfe667132a78dec3824c8b12c8ea15715a11a44c69d32a264f0215d0f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375796944.jpg?k=7fd6b56042cd83af4d2f26d40fdc89cb2a3df253599981903d286351be272264&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Family Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Mumbas 100 m"\n  - "Sunren 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sébastien"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Room was very clean, great facilities as TV with Netflix and large bathroom.”"\n  - name: "Aaron"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The rooms were extremely clean, the staff were very quick to message and checked everything was OK. Brilliant location, 2 mins to the beach and restaurants. Would highly recommend and would certainly book again. WIFI strong and TV had all...”"\n  - name: "Hannah"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The staff was incredibly welcoming and helpful. I would definitely come back, Mia Marine Rooms are very comfortable, extremely good bedding. The host was very helpfull, checkin was with access codes very modern.3 minutes near promenade and the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mia-marine-rooms-himare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a suite of amenities designed to enhance their stay, including rooms equipped with refrigerators, minibars, kettles, and essential toiletries like slippers for ultimate comfort. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with bidets and hairdryers for a touch of home. Entertainment and comfort are guaranteed with the inclusion of flat-screen TVs and air conditioning in every room, while select accommodations also feature balconies, offering guests a private vista of the stunning surroundings.

Situated just 1.1 km from the tranquil Prinos Beach and within a manageable distance of 144 km from Ioannina Airport, Mia Marine Rooms stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in the picturesque setting of Himare.