---\ntitle: "Mia's Apartaments in Pogradec"\ndescription: "Mia's Apartments in Pogradec emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487188.jpg?k=b8583bdf5c941546c77f39392852cfeb01c42162b19de6a3ee821fcd786f5fe5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mia-s-apartaments-in-pogradec\naddress: "Rruga e Stadiumit, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90008559\n  lng: 20.66280362\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487188.jpg?k=b8583bdf5c941546c77f39392852cfeb01c42162b19de6a3ee821fcd786f5fe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487177.jpg?k=753057fab41b8d6b51944a89700740ec3961f2498915284d013c9b45090814d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487179.jpg?k=c1354f2ded0438dc6b82a9a91e9ff458620fdf7b8fa700e9fd89853c3c15b50c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487229.jpg?k=ca9a20a633ac1b3a5d26acb7f0f85e7237da7a5176d5c3b2fff9a223176ea95f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487193.jpg?k=155131e86852971a40276e551ef82b3239bc309e3a324b1a7c63743fcb8ebe91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499487223.jpg?k=af0eed5753fa3888bf5632e70e46c9cbb795182356c5ce994dce308ed6eb8995&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Pandelis 100 m"\n  - "Fast Food Pere 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 550 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Lovely apartment near the centre of Pogradec. Cozy and perfect for a weekend/a few days' getaway. The host was very kind, helpful and willing to assist with everything. Worth the stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mias-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Mia's Apartments are treated to a seamless connectivity experience with complimentary WiFi enveloping the property, ensuring that the majestic Ohrid Lake Springs, merely 7.9 km away, is but one of the many attractions within easy reach. The accommodations themselves are a testament to thoughtful design, featuring air conditioning for those warm Pogradec days, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary explorations, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer adds a touch of convenience, while the provision of a wardrobe in each unit underscores the attention to guest comfort.

For those keen to explore the local culture and history, Saint Nicholas Church awaits at 18 km from the doorstep, and the ancient Remains of Via Egnatia are situated 41 km away. Travel logistics are smoothly handled with Ohrid Airport located just 45 km from Mia's Apartments, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Mia's Apartments in Pogradec presents an inviting option for those in pursuit of a stay that marries the ease of access to significant historical and natural sites with the comforts of modern amenities.