---\ntitle: "Miamar Luxury Hotel & Spa"\ndescription: "Miamar Luxury Hotel & Spa emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking an unparalleled seaside experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303627155.jpg?k=dfe5a0051700a8d61c6bc144c7d1451924a0ac24cb11dd88f9d5484ae72d7d33&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miamar-luxury-hotel-spa\naddress: "LIVADHI BEACH livadh, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.107463\n  lng: 19.727122\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 159\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303627155.jpg?k=dfe5a0051700a8d61c6bc144c7d1451924a0ac24cb11dd88f9d5484ae72d7d33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303614417.jpg?k=7a7e161a7d8140df11865641636ec03b2ea20824b054f148058b83a64a889482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303615384.jpg?k=a9a5de7609d59b3663fb8ff6e487d99784b5530a0adde928349ce12b31082ab5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303630494.jpg?k=e90f1f5ea66e0098d385ec6a7b6fde8fc71cdb7e9ec29872d3a38d8b899e4046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303642454.jpg?k=eaca90cc26ea4f11c8969a7e1f5075fa8e584ccdf19100b8dde471f05c8a38c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303621443.jpg?k=84e7fb5a6d3c128b36e4585e8ff51b26abefd11e4a78fabd63b096b02a4c14cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303629417.jpg?k=bc19bd7f040fa9d8effd97b523d0800fea979825bbd809662d4d03b89e66951f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303629420.jpg?k=4071c9bdfa76cb9ed77954c6892b97ad8b585e4b8208fc462eddf5204ad525ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303630512.jpg?k=fe987a5bc71c19c936422ee5fc43071666a090e1dd6fdf6ad65a7dc312dbbe55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miamar 30 m"\n  - "Nashos 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 0 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 2 km"\n  - "Prinos Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Juliana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was very clean with comfortable beds and a beautiful view.
Staff was very friendly and helpful.
The taste and presentation of food was really good.”"\n  - name: "Era"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Staff at the reception very welcoming and helpfull”"\n  - name: "Meti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I recently had the pleasure of staying at Miamar, and I must say it was an exceptional experience. The service at the restaurant was top-notch, with a very attentive and friendly staff ensuring a delightful dining experience. The hotel itself was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miamar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel is distinguished by its two expansive outdoor swimming pools, complemented by a sun terrace outfitted with comfortable sun loungers and umbrellas, creating an idyllic setting for guests to bask in the sun's warmth while enjoying the panoramic views of the sea.

Accommodations at Miamar Luxury Hotel & Spa are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area featuring a flat-screen satellite TV, and a desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers. The inclusion of a private bathroom, stocked with complimentary toiletries and a hair dryer, adds a touch of convenience and luxury to the guest experience.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's in-house restaurant, where a sumptuous buffet breakfast is served daily. The menu, a celebration of Italian and Mediterranean cuisine, promises to satisfy the palates of discerning diners with its array of flavorful dishes.

For those with an adventurous spirit, the hotel's location offers easy access to a variety of outdoor activities. Cycling enthusiasts and water sports aficionados will find the surrounding area ripe for exploration. Noteworthy attractions nearby include the historic Himara Castle, just 3 km away, and the majestic Porto Palermo Castle, located 12 km from the hotel. Additionally, the picturesque city of Sarandë is within a 57 km drive, making Miamar Luxury Hotel & Spa an ideal base for exploring the region's rich cultural heritage and natural beauty.