---\ntitle: "Mihal Popi Apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Mihal Popi Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522076776.jpg?k=daf2b1fd81d4492c2403a04cbe5ca449557c09d3c91cf57c9b4ad435c105f22c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mihal-popi-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Popi, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32027727\n  lng: 19.80838716\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522076776.jpg?k=daf2b1fd81d4492c2403a04cbe5ca449557c09d3c91cf57c9b4ad435c105f22c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522076682.jpg?k=58e590cdb4272ee188521d68c8a407e34b336059183fac4ec4e15cb1cc6c1740&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506531086.jpg?k=1e10d9dbc3dedc7c2075ddef5d939b94f090b649e8477948505c7d680b2bb8ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506976886.jpg?k=a63763ac922f7e2f6badb8bc4751fdf41da8e32f7bfae3d4e0f0eef328072cf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506531136.jpg?k=25f18b5f4d36a314d651c1b9a4af4e404185b207b1a16eecbe47f3996d6c8c7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506976897.jpg?k=fc682951e37144c56e5f311c94b31f4fede05109fa443b258191d4748904401f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506531114.jpg?k=291d520c9c9754b1c1b564664fcf6550bed8fc50241c31a0660791cda7dd187f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506976884.jpg?k=4a44cd3c414b57b142f46f6365efb218f7349938c217708cf67c6363523268c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522076685.jpg?k=6e657439c7164c14d6571d2d4db9aae53e77f0649f9ef91f45c2f4539249fdfc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pa Pirunj Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Pasta Da Pucci 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 950 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zorana"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Great apartment, easy to find, excellent location. The host is lovely, it was easy to communicate. They even took time to recommend what places we should visit and the food we should try.”"\n  - name: "Dominik"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I loved the privacy and size of the bedroom, as well as the near city center placement”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mihal-popi-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nMihal Popi Apartment ensures a restful stay with its well-appointed features. The space boasts a cozy bedroom, a clean and modern bathroom, and the convenience of bed linen and towels. The living area is equipped with a flat-screen TV and a dining area, perfect for relaxing evenings in. The fully equipped kitchen offers guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, while the patio presents a peaceful view of a quiet street, inviting moments of relaxation. Importantly, the entire apartment is a non-smoking environment, ensuring a comfortable and fresh atmosphere for all guests.

For those looking to explore the wider area, the apartment offers a car rental service, adding an extra layer of convenience to your stay. 

Mihal Popi Apartment is also a stone's throw away from other attractions such as the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, the lush Rinia Park, and the artistic Reja - The Cloud. With Skanderbeg Square only 1.5 km away, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture and activities. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to cultural hotspots, Mihal Popi Apartment is a standout option for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.