---\ntitle: "Miku Apartment -Charming One Bedroom At Komuna e Parisit"\ndescription: "Miku Apartment - Charming One Bedroom at Komuna e Parisit emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783620.jpg?k=a0e5ee1bdf4e305d4a7f159215bbd7ff4f455d5cd21bd1ed3fd37a04789c0024&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miku-apartment-charming-one-bedroom-at-komuna-e-parisit\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31646962\n  lng: 19.80819169\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783620.jpg?k=a0e5ee1bdf4e305d4a7f159215bbd7ff4f455d5cd21bd1ed3fd37a04789c0024&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783621.jpg?k=5e284b53dc40f2260304abaeb754d532436cdf3d49780a6757460351f763c9f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783667.jpg?k=ff4147f35c8576fdae8b597fb6cafc38d7d7fd99cab049f3026bd8f964ed5837&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783623.jpg?k=d94cd889acf6532e6982c9629a8bf57836f532bff5625a82fa8089d2fe8d1b56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783661.jpg?k=019deb9d12cc813af74556c88764c37318818703b161623002e54462d9ea0226&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783462.jpg?k=ea748c3d813a9c0b98f113477442f56b1dd8eff97557f12bf1b9d58176fc2e4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783485.jpg?k=15ce4fb74c487d1e76ae2b72b37a80b356498c7f3863e382de7bcb0c88f3aafa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783668.jpg?k=f32441985b357916ac659c1071f4337c3e3b740191f650e40b082a2e9a0eac39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783532.jpg?k=50d85649ff5bc968c659ec4b1b4cfc2b013104b35dbebe605db5050ca65b05a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783644.jpg?k=19e6a6571232a4b60e31b1556e44a710256fec7457126f3dbd74388c01efe965&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783618.jpg?k=15cc639d5401fd9e96184b73800ecc85d16daa1e26ae9b5955b0efed47483b3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513783660.jpg?k=d83d3917c873536ab8cdfedcd845ad2f9e0da7f099a2bd5f4990820010fc3091&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ola Fast 20 m"\n  - "Shija e Detit 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jovana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Highly recommend this place to everyone. Great location, very friendly staff and clean apartment. Definitely we will come back. King regards from Serbia ❤️”"\n  - name: "Charlie-rose"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was modern and spotlessly clean, and the bed was very comfortable. Very friendly. Cosy. Lovely decor. Nice touches . We had a lovely time and will definitely be returning.”"\n  - name: "Tace"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Perfect Stay.The apartment was so clean and with all the necessities for a perfect stay,in a central location,the host Lorain was so helpful wait for my arrival time after 1 o’clock.I highly recommend and I will be back for sure.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-myslym-shyri-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom equipped with modern facilities including a bidet and a dressing room, and the convenience of air conditioning. The living space is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own food. The addition of a balcony offering serene street views adds to the charm of the apartment, providing a perfect nook for relaxation.

The entire property benefits from complimentary WiFi, ensuring that guests stay connected during their visit. Practicalities are also taken care of, with a lift for easy access and a minimarket on-site for last-minute needs. For those looking to explore the city at their own pace, a car rental service is conveniently available directly from the apartment.

Miku Apartment is not just about the comforts of home; its location serves as a gateway to explore Tirana's vibrant culture and history. Within close proximity, guests can discover the Pyramid of Tirana, enjoy the greenery of Rinia Park, or marvel at the contemporary art installation, Reja - The Cloud. Furthermore, the property's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 15 km away, ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

For travelers in search of a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion, Miku Apartment - Charming One Bedroom at Komuna e Parisit presents itself as an impeccable choice.