---\ntitle: "Miku Apartment-City Walk 1BD Stylish Apartment"\ndescription: "Miku Apartment-City Walk 1BD Stylish Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246108477.jpg?k=00440d75c78b7a7fa20a86295ef6baef513e773ffbc2eebf92adef3cd1cc79e6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miku-apartment-city-walk-1bd-stylish-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32925691\n  lng: 19.82152663\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 48\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246108477.jpg?k=00440d75c78b7a7fa20a86295ef6baef513e773ffbc2eebf92adef3cd1cc79e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246103990.jpg?k=bcb891525526211ff4142675ffef47a8fa6ab97b387c6733ef105f3ca9dd66e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246103835.jpg?k=8cd469d658d7824e137fda35a9afa85350e1a17a2ea595e5dee58c0253030fa4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246104242.jpg?k=591565fbce3a11ece2d1503681c328a40c94ef51d87a35481963ee152fd52a8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246104092.jpg?k=7d960a33de554a93f0acdac75f65f93e61c3396669aabf2d39339015eb3234ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246100848.jpg?k=8f389788366b12eb3ddf1c0a7f5c04f348587b1d009c8e668d9380974bced1dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246101127.jpg?k=faab63cdfd357cce6945fd085fda34efe6364e0d770c68bd0eea53d380a7ab59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246101485.jpg?k=c9ea8dc83944def8bcce64e5986f55addc059f8d48255f100f0c68b59b1eae41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246108554.jpg?k=f2db51bbdf06d294aa932d49f2744afca14af6769b49d9ffc43e2d99a8cba67f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246108137.jpg?k=00f29386e2e28fda76151870265b7b4afa4f5ecb70c676d80b7b85f1f07d8401&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246104311.jpg?k=e51914ea2a70b64a0fd23db5da5e2380bca2aaea9d2b574c2b6221fa00dd9a8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/246104176.jpg?k=83387b8f9a138c073154efef3620b64372ae80bc5fbfa9b904def412deda8ceb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "MAnna 40 m"\n  - "Opa - Greek Street Food (9 Katëshet) 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jens"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Perfectly situated close to Skanderbej square.
Very clean apartement,with all necessary commodities. The host is very friendly and helpful. Very very good place to stay”"\n  - name: "Julie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very well-located apartment in Tirana, only a couple of minutes walk from everything. Dardan was super-helpful and very responsive, and was on hand literally within minutes to fix the wifi when it temporarily stopped working. I'd really recommend...”"\n  - name: "Xhesildo"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "““ Miku apartments “ they are the best apartments you can rent for short periods, super friendly and helpful owner and staff. I recommend it to every tourist who plans to visit Tirana.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-central-pazari.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home. With a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their morning coffee in the fresh air, and complimentary WiFi to keep them connected, convenience is at the forefront of the Miku Apartment experience. Accessibility is also a key feature, with the apartment providing facilities for disabled guests and an elevator for easy access.

The living space is generously sized, boasting a bedroom that is both spacious and inviting, ensuring a restful night's sleep. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for those evenings in. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, fully equipped with an oven, microwave, and even a washing machine, making it ideal for both short and long stays. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a touch of luxury and convenience.

For those who prefer to dine in or need essentials, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without them having to leave the comfort of the apartment. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment facilitates effortless exploration of Tirana and its surroundings.

Situated near cultural landmarks such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture and indulge in retail therapy. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, Miku Apartment-City Walk 1BD Stylish Apartment stands out as an accessible and attractive option for both domestic and international travelers looking for a stylish and comfortable stay in Tirana.