---\ntitle: "Miku Apartment-Spectacular 1BD At Komuna e Parisit"\ndescription: "Miku Apartment-Spectacular 1BD At Komuna e Parisit emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590977.jpg?k=26041704d9699b286bfe9e1022cb4458dac6faeae5a941aec2c6bf43b025c469&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miku-apartment-spectacular-1bd-at-komuna-e-parisit\naddress: "Rruga \"Medar Shtylla\" , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31644167\n  lng: 19.80656863\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590977.jpg?k=26041704d9699b286bfe9e1022cb4458dac6faeae5a941aec2c6bf43b025c469&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590456.jpg?k=7a034567ce68af4a02739df1367f75d85527adee8ba8628ed6a449f220c671f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590412.jpg?k=baf031a0067d9e32c89b215a7026c9137f019506f0718276eafc2e4b807775da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590917.jpg?k=a826e6204f70d1c126492fe95dc85528b4a000f313cf5d5d8a0c8f0ea8fda8bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590120.jpg?k=ed6a41996a1a7f08c4c4bf3077caad3ef1398af2e99ae8ce777ea0b9eee6ccc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325584508.jpg?k=6e9dec036b6c79b799c7e218dd1527ec58f2b7f1fb629929b8bf8f38332e4494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590642.jpg?k=f6695d91f4e1cf3fd6f9214cb928e5b58c228bb2bbad40eec67e58d7fa4a8d86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590239.jpg?k=e1012b28e294e3592549dd773f87634c2957a0d5d3ec765fc0790a1312e9d235&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590078.jpg?k=2e01c38285aba6184e2c3588448fb408f8012e30b0295502b3ff1eb19be31c1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273166006.jpg?k=ba661c23de582051ee82cfaf7a089ef0f334c136696c61c92dd6116e4b0403a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325590154.jpg?k=1eae5061e456620643aa4eabd88e1205501d0205b6ee88b693621a123832a761&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/325589983.jpg?k=923240ac930957fe462fbf16476435743b4e4e564509f1adb019353179e11223&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kolonat 10 m"\n  - "Bar kafe 01 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 10 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arben"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I was really impressed how really on time they were”"\n  - name: "Annett"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The appartment is very clean, nicely furnished and decorated. It has a fully equipped kitchen, bathroom with washing machine and a nice view from the balcony. The location is very favorable, there are restaurants and grocery stores just around the...”"\n  - name: "Mervat"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“First, the host is very friendly and helpful
Second, the location is great, quiet, clean and close to everything
The most important thing is that the apartment is very clean, this is what I referred to, but the cleanliness exceeded my...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-app-in-don-bosko-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a living experience. The apartment boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom with city views, a cozy living room, and a balcony perfect for enjoying the urban landscape. Modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave, and a bathroom with a bidet ensure guests feel at home. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a layer of convenience to the stay.

For those who value connectivity, the entire property is equipped with complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected with the world. The presence of a lift and round-the-clock security speaks volumes about the property's commitment to guest comfort and safety. Additionally, the convenience of having a minimarket within the apartment complex cannot be overstated, catering to guests' immediate needs.

Travelers looking to explore Tirana will find the car rental service offered at the apartment incredibly useful. The property's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Rinia Park further enhances its appeal, making it an ideal base for discovering the city's treasures. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Miku Apartment-Spectacular 1BD At Komuna e Parisit ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure, promising an unforgettable stay in Albania's captivating capital.