---\ntitle: "Miku Apartment - Unique 3 Bedroom At Olympic Residence"\ndescription: "Miku Apartment - Unique 3 Bedroom At Olympic Residence emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737963.jpg?k=b82fbffb78f10b95a3cdbca9b88c16839bc5c21a92fd65f9298ae84e36c941d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miku-apartment-unique-3-bedroom-at-olympic-residence\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Mima, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31219732\n  lng: 19.80837078\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737963.jpg?k=b82fbffb78f10b95a3cdbca9b88c16839bc5c21a92fd65f9298ae84e36c941d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737881.jpg?k=fe5cc946f81aa0a173a91dbbd19f747d499e2f5097174fb078d29d9c5be128ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737606.jpg?k=6bba9585d6f46b9cf2d15082cc19763b07f2fe7f7ffff4f018df4d4e1aa2bc9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737592.jpg?k=825039ae19794846ca6b516cfe5ecf222d588d8aa289e6f95b3f989864057166&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737954.jpg?k=e087f9752a0e062e8f48962cd43d1509e1fbec85cbfcbe95e30c1f074e4cb98d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737720.jpg?k=ab4bfaae3f60fedff1065228e50af60df630e93a71b465df7249ea35652abe42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737871.jpg?k=f309bcc4d14a1cf8c1fd1ddb6a6a6edc67f3f46be94d286f547c5b2c6d2582c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737548.jpg?k=1c1bd0c9566cc591194603ec1a1c9df18a2719065dc76c6e58bf2ba250e79d5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389737480.jpg?k=da36178cc6c148a939fd39f79db39cb60a6805b6f248f8b1ad0bba922878e372&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Gezimi 100 m"\n  - "Delishfish 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 500 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Adem"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“We had a great stay at Miku Apartment. Wonderful host we arrived at 4:00 am and they booked a taxi for us and waiting all night to accommodate us,very communicative and responsible hosts.
The apartment is very beautiful and with a wonderful view...”"\n  - name: "Denizz"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything was so perfect. Im so satisfied with the hosts and apartement was so beautiful and new in a great area. Recommended.”"\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“1- وسط المدينة وجميع الخدمات قريبةجدا
2-توفر ادوات الطبخ بشكل ممتاز 3 نظافة المكان ووساعته”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miku-apartment-unique-3bd-at-olympic-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is equipped with modern amenities designed to cater to every need. Guests will find themselves in a spacious setting, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services, perfect for those moments of relaxation. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen offer the freedom to dine in comfort, while the balcony presents serene lake views, adding a touch of tranquility to the stay.

Accessibility is a priority at Miku Apartment, with facilities available for disabled guests, ensuring a comfortable stay for all. The convenience extends to the provision of towels and linens upon request, and guests will appreciate the commitment to a non-smoking environment.

For those looking to explore, the apartment's location does not disappoint. Situated within proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Grand Park of Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment facilitates effortless exploration of the surrounding area.

Located just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Miku Apartment - Unique 3 Bedroom At Olympic Residence offers both convenience and comfort, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.