---\ntitle: "Milestone Deluxe Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Milestone Deluxe Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267483675.jpg?k=1ff7e687f4b0254e7b6a030e2e64c9efdbda42841cf3643e271e2544d6daa43c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: milestone-deluxe-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33527318\n  lng: 19.80561515\nprice: "US$128"\npriceFrom: 128\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267483675.jpg?k=1ff7e687f4b0254e7b6a030e2e64c9efdbda42841cf3643e271e2544d6daa43c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477822830.jpg?k=c63d5c5aee7bfc247e338a0ebe0589b2fe5a455cac82b46e4295cc335e34dd28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465666975.jpg?k=a07e99f4c645631e080f651343d19a14fcb7f8cec9853780b29596ac4314e76f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267500114.jpg?k=bea74396e9b3a08d20d087c6299daa4710ce37deac14da6bca7fa094e72049b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267499689.jpg?k=6310bcfcb81eea95c7b9c342275b9e37d15d6284d8b5646e1f26bf06cf33369c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267498749.jpg?k=3e65f017924680c705ae364775769fcbaa278deab411e1cc653809307d404240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267498347.jpg?k=5454b5641a36592c86d76710dc494ce00079a245007d937e44ff05360c04bf40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267498882.jpg?k=79aa84114e78595704c7a3e16a1119599d923588082e714544c5fbee3a19355f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267483519.jpg?k=08957b60536437ac779e68a3731f8ba045c836b2843b176f8cdc401ced7d68b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477821456.jpg?k=189839bef0d19b1b88e71123044f8945a0aac5508f57c81c4bd0a98edf9547db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267483631.jpg?k=b580a3fec60e31c3aa9d8f759da0468539fdb535f96e10128fe2b79d4cae584d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267483610.jpg?k=2534d48714b466fbb8a64fd65f730c195a04cc51ce0d42cbc6aeaa470e6026dd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Agon Caffe 30 m"\n  - "Zgara Dragoti 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tareq"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Very comfortable clean apartment good location neer centre.”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Fully equiped apartment, all in style. Very friendly local shops downstairs. Good parkingplace underneath the building directly next to the elevator.”"\n  - name: "Valerija"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very modern furnished apartment. A little further from the center, but it was easy to get to. The owner was very willing to help us and it was easy to arrange the handover of the keys.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a seamless stay experience, thanks to the provision of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises and the convenience of private parking on site. The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, ensures guests can easily prepare meals just the way they like.

The attention to detail is evident in the inclusion of two bathrooms featuring walk-in showers, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Upon entering through the private entrance, guests are welcomed with some fruits, adding a personal touch to the warm hospitality. Moreover, the apartment is equipped with essentials such as bed linen, towels, and offers a laundry service, ensuring a hassle-free experience.

For those who might need to pick up some essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises adds to the convenience factor. The location of Milestone Deluxe Apartment Tirana is also a significant draw for culture enthusiasts and explorers. It is in close proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 12 km away, ensuring ease of travel for international guests. In summary, Milestone Deluxe Apartment Tirana offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay experience.