---\ntitle: "Milingona City Center Hostel"\ndescription: "Milingona City Center Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205615956.jpg?k=a7b78d547bf1b906f1832cbd58522dba562677426fad473f28f422b0a16392c8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: milingona-city-center-hostel\naddress: "Vehbi Agolli, villa 11, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33040955\n  lng: 19.82862212\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 605\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205615956.jpg?k=a7b78d547bf1b906f1832cbd58522dba562677426fad473f28f422b0a16392c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373642533.jpg?k=cb10f49448fa1fd818504821cda0fdabb779fb51b61c92336fdf3a5f65115e50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487610888.jpg?k=02f611929d4bee322379c685bd12fca2e1f322f37675e9b2a7ebda702376cd8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67099608.jpg?k=15d888235d6b9a2ea3f827e131c6aba923e9b1b129949226adfa591b34ee0b54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487610890.jpg?k=8797346cb26fd02e6f8914c8bd944c006c6809803b5d24428b5f00452b3dc753&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/67097452.jpg?k=627ace606b7fb5f0f41b5840b58fb47e9317f2307902ace3291d5c8411e9a2d3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kayleigh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff are SO friendly and welcoming. The rooms & bathrooms were clean, communal areas also clean, very nicely laid out and decorated. The beds are very comfy! We felt at ease very quickly after arriving that we could stay here with no issues,...”"\n  - name: "Lucas"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The breakfast is good. They provide plenty of bread, tomato, cucumber, cheese, butter, coffee, and tea every morning. There are also a lot of mandarin trees on the property, so you can always snack on a few of those.”"\n  - name: "Alex"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really cool place in Tirana, the garden is amazing and the staff always keeping a good vibe”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/milingona-hostel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Milingona are thoughtfully equipped to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each unit boasts a coffee machine and kettle, ensuring a warm start to the day, while select rooms feature a terrace for guests to unwind in the open air. The inclusion of an oven in all units adds a touch of home, allowing for the preparation of meals at any time.

The hostel takes pride in its culinary offerings, presenting a variety of continental and buffet breakfast options each morning. This ensures that guests can embark on their day's adventures with a satisfying meal under their belt.

For those looking to explore Tirana's surroundings, Milingona City Center Hostel positions itself as an ideal base. Cycling enthusiasts will find ample opportunities for adventure in the vicinity. Moreover, the hostel's proximity to notable landmarks such as the National Sport Park, 3 km away, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, just 1 km distant, makes it a strategic spot for cultural exploration.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 16 km from the hostel, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. With a 24-hour front desk and complimentary WiFi, guests are guaranteed a stay marked by convenience and connectivity.

In summary, Milingona City Center Hostel stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those wishing to immerse themselves in the charm and dynamism of Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity.