---\ntitle: "Mili apartments"\ndescription: "Mili Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfortable accommodation in Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472743393.jpg?k=86cf9011ba33844e9b499464e3c6a5bb7bb57a9ce4c211dee7aad9f62b199c98&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mili-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Telegrafi, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70811018\n  lng: 19.9393425\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472743393.jpg?k=86cf9011ba33844e9b499464e3c6a5bb7bb57a9ce4c211dee7aad9f62b199c98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474437040.jpg?k=55f21b0ea029cc7330390ab5ef816661131f25fc6ff9d8d91ae9829a6483e39d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472757975.jpg?k=29af15dc28624d2d3bc2ce331ca5ddcfd7236ed8722d7a0244c1632e08b757ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472744798.jpg?k=462eb7315f11668b3c8613a6f5dbfcdfa85da3f5cb0213a219b8cbae4b095e2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472746337.jpg?k=5e93bea9c5bd99f289a9bb1b9474f8404e1ace699ca09e6a3c90512410909bd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474436787.jpg?k=116be1b216af2c5e0f5d2b05f3e95c7c402666c2edd7844b1d54580f094798fa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Landi 40 m"\n  - "Sweet House 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michelle"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This apartment was clean and stylish. We loved it so much we chose to stay here on our way back through.”"\n  - name: "Pooja"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location - walking distance to the main attractions within Berat. The host was very helpful and communication was fast. Enjoyed my stay and would book again if I’m back in Berat!”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The landlord was really flexible and friendly. The location was very good and easy to reach. Rooms are nice and clean!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mili-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and functionality. Guests can relax on cozy sofas in the seating area, enjoy entertainment on flat-screen TVs, and prepare meals in the well-equipped kitchens that also include dining areas. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are supplied with slippers, adding a touch of home-like comfort. Additionally, the presence of a dressing room in each unit allows for an organized and spacious living experience. To ensure a restful stay, high-quality bed linen and towels are provided in every apartment.

Located 116 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mili Apartments facilitates travel arrangements by offering a paid airport shuttle service, making it a convenient option for both domestic and international visitors. This property stands out for its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it an appealing choice for those exploring the historic city of Berat.