---\ntitle: "Mili Hotel"\ndescription: "Mili Hotel emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Berat, offering guests a seamless blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510958845.jpg?k=b93d2a984e6d62e2bd67591ef3963ea25bfc75ffb971a6a99223aab63e234035&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mili-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Telegrafi, 5002 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70805315\n  lng: 19.93917581\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510958845.jpg?k=b93d2a984e6d62e2bd67591ef3963ea25bfc75ffb971a6a99223aab63e234035&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/529094060.jpg?k=89fcab1ee588e6778947544362aeffb504c3f60875491557749f4d544d18b0fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519554094.jpg?k=7196a6f40b4854ea4ea072df27e3496aff6adcc1b42ae9bda76bde99a167100b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516636312.jpg?k=cd30a9098863b8e89b1076a059a54266939e1a55521821442c79da5dfb19856a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516323189.jpg?k=4d7b7f4c3666d6e9f6e46b6288a0b0285e7993bf8b1803b46503d248463e140c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516637735.jpg?k=0237c955721a217c75e9bbe0135f6ab7c5df20e14aba4349635fae554f2a4389&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Superior Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Landi 50 m"\n  - "Sweet House 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I highly recommend it, nice service, delicious breakfast. Rooms very clean and well-kept. The hotel is very well located. Good contact with the host”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mili-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Mili Hotel is thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring a practical work desk for those needing to stay connected. Privacy and convenience are paramount, with all accommodations boasting en-suite bathrooms equipped with showers and complimentary toiletries. Entertainment and relaxation are just a click away thanks to the inclusion of flat-screen TVs and air conditioning in every room. Select rooms elevate the experience further with private balconies, offering a serene spot to unwind.

The hotel's commitment to service extends to its multilingual reception staff, proficient in both English and Italian. Guests are encouraged to seek out recommendations or advice on exploring Berat's rich tapestry of attractions, ensuring an enriching stay.

Located 116 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mili Hotel serves as a gateway for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the cultural vibrancy and historical depth of Berat. Whether it's the convenience of modern amenities or the warmth of personalized service, this hotel stands as a testament to the city's welcoming spirit.