---\ntitle: "Mine Peza Apartment"\ndescription: "Mine Peza Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302755.jpg?k=f0e89f8710094545e7b9149cc012abb3e04744a6b8c4f0bc360d0c699baacbc1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mine-peza-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Kongresi i Tiranes Apartment 8, 4th floor, 1111 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33345386\n  lng: 19.80900908\nprice: "US$60"\npriceFrom: 60\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302755.jpg?k=f0e89f8710094545e7b9149cc012abb3e04744a6b8c4f0bc360d0c699baacbc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302847.jpg?k=42d49cc505357bfaa7e09baf95ac67a176e6ca44629bf79a9f4e71558176bfe3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302807.jpg?k=ce604527b45273f0af9f845bd03d93c8ae0cf0149e1bcf5d90a91ecd88da415e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302822.jpg?k=27b971d0f75c04695cf9816da6e8c461562f23ac8beeeed0fcf1567ebce6a1f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302859.jpg?k=7a11d9c4eaa35c911d164c5907757b31ad0cb5b88a75ee85663c3147e95dd105&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302850.jpg?k=7d6e03b5d79999841d7df9a578fd676d4e1347c076cea654ecbd1dd8a6f6e529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302803.jpg?k=c0a62c70e547a95744a5fff9e6074b9eceb23516a94879951848f2b82e534687&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302799.jpg?k=5726b86d841120b548ed844b6691b27a86ce4d60c9d71e80f03a6943efaeeb0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507302810.jpg?k=c9b241f9d502df8b5b72c799f2d2252f4a8d1621193e700d61b93f99500d8408&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arjel Bar 2 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorantpicari 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mine-peza-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility and modern amenities. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a balcony offering serene garden views. The inclusion of air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave ensures a stay that lacks for nothing. The bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds a touch of convenience to the well-thought-out space. Notably, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, guaranteeing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee, adding an extra layer of ease to the travel experience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana. Additionally, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania are all within a short distance, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in Albania's rich history and vibrant arts scene.

For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 12 km away, making Mine Peza Apartment an accessible and attractive option for both short and extended stays in Tirana.