---\ntitle: "MIQT GUEST HOUSE"\ndescription: "MIQT Guest House, positioned in the heart of Shkodër within the scenic Shkoder County, stands out as a serene retreat for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471676895.jpg?k=71f944b62a44be0cd9db06374614c7d229097435c4c005c6a490345f07404ab3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miqt-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Hafiz Ali Ulqinaku 3, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.05799663\n  lng: 19.51454699\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471676895.jpg?k=71f944b62a44be0cd9db06374614c7d229097435c4c005c6a490345f07404ab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479097955.jpg?k=cfcb66a29149665e03fdfe00fc3189a91255eb6665f2f46867a4cb187e579ffc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479262204.jpg?k=764abefd14bc75d897229e61cfe9555af502daf64dd99f44b6d447d910458972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471676928.jpg?k=33845c89887412abf30992667d3b5dfbe1aa356f9f7bcdeac7010e348d330b68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471676930.jpg?k=3dd53f52cdbcaf55c92daa4006e0c756afd6ae0489595fbc55c532bb01a3716f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484468691.jpg?k=73d760f4904e7742cfb56eb4fd8a1dab7e6524c92afdfe35636c1ad30a4a4e3b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PJERO 100 m"\n  - "Kafe Xhuli 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.1 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Havana-kay"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Friendly people, good location and safe parking. We felt very safe here. It was just a 15 minute walk into the city centre. I would recommend”"\n  - name: "Jakub"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“At the time we visited the place it was brand new and some facilities were still in the process of being installed. Nonetheless, any issues we raised - for example, a WiFi connection problem - were promptly resolved. The place is located very...”"\n  - name: "Angelique"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“host picked us up from bus stop and gave us a tour at the hotel. Very clean and comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miqt-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a haven of comfort, with each room boasting air conditioning to provide a respite from the day's heat. The provision of complimentary private parking and WiFi connectivity underscores the guest house's dedication to meeting the needs of modern travelers. For those who appreciate nature's tranquility, select rooms offer soothing garden views, inviting guests to unwind in a peaceful setting. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with essential amenities, including a fridge, and feature shared bathroom facilities and a wardrobe, ensuring a comfortable and practical stay.

Situated a mere 59 km from Podgorica Airport, MIQT Guest House presents an ideal base for guests arriving by air, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and warm hospitality in the picturesque surroundings of Shkodër.