---\ntitle: "Miracle Apartments Saranda"\ndescription: "Miracle Apartments Saranda emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294057384.jpg?k=06ec951604c90186731148ab263c411dab7e4f04d5c2a6050bd7eb710a0347f7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miracle-apartments-saranda\naddress: "Rruga: Skenderbeg P2, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8684801\n  lng: 20.02435182\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 188\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294057384.jpg?k=06ec951604c90186731148ab263c411dab7e4f04d5c2a6050bd7eb710a0347f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305937077.jpg?k=db60d4d45b9f0c39803c5dcc3cac1054405ff227a3e5a45ae58abb61289de1b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305935571.jpg?k=53c2673527945aade9cb9d0f5db12184e4a5d11cf69453d9f4f64593cac44e2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305937579.jpg?k=77b4958d6a87337cf4bcf8bf9efaf71686da94302eccf40c38615c605ebb701d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305936682.jpg?k=955848e465d9c56cc1376e10e7c94735a62ca1386191561b5e2fd73daddfc484&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305936889.jpg?k=1cb5f189ac32ec5ddc2564f9240a2d50b16c13865ffcb69e716d61dee9792374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305935620.jpg?k=95d613c316fbd15b25e3983c670748506f3755c37ea792555dfea897c8e3d67c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305936400.jpg?k=152de8a328d7bb66eadf676f5d78b8bea521075d944086c218aab051dd7d991a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305935853.jpg?k=1c07df64e4587280c155f917674a7bb68a73ec63d752b714762e02474e49b92f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 200 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 700 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "JCB"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dimitrios"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great place , excellent hosts Very friendly staff and always smiley and approachable Totally recommend”"\n  - name: "Greta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect. Big and clean. Just 10 minutes walk to the sea promenade of Saranda where you can find many good restaurants and a busy area. The host was very kind and welcome us at our arrival. We had an amazing time . Its a really...”"\n  - name: "Fernanda"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Very clean, nice, spacious, amazing view! We could cook very comfortably and even iron our clothes! Friendly owners.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miracle-apartments-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Miracle Apartments Saranda is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring airy balconies that boast breathtaking sea views, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens and fridges, cater to the culinary needs of guests, while the private bathrooms, equipped with baths and hair dryers, add an extra layer of convenience. The addition of a patio with an outdoor dining area in every unit, alongside city views, invites guests to enjoy their meals against a picturesque backdrop. To further enhance the comfort of your stay, bed linen and towels are meticulously provided in all units.

For those moments of leisure, the apartment complex hosts a snack bar and bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The proximity to La Petite Beach and VIP Beach, along with the easy access to Ioannina Airport, positions Miracle Apartments Saranda as an ideal base for discovering the enchanting surroundings of Sarandë.

Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the promise of a serene getaway, Miracle Apartments Saranda caters to a diverse array of preferences, making it a compelling choice for travelers venturing to this picturesque corner of the world.