---\ntitle: "Mirage Hotel"\ndescription: "Mirage Hotel, positioned just steps from the pristine sands of Golem Beach, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302238927.jpg?k=349f5e314b1b3229ee7662fffff0bc194c22fbff95edbd1bf4744837987cddb7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mirage-hotel\naddress: "GOLEM BULEVARDI I PISHAVE, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25062443\n  lng: 19.51997025\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 133\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302238927.jpg?k=349f5e314b1b3229ee7662fffff0bc194c22fbff95edbd1bf4744837987cddb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262996221.jpg?k=044320394b215aa95b00b3eba5f05ea91772f995d5396f51205c242cda6405dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302466347.jpg?k=b66047d94dde7c12ace16d6525b7e6a41952a35ba8408a8b4d8687b3b25c1e68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302255705.jpg?k=37cef2159262be46ebd422dc56924ab762c95ef7e12aea6063d6e10b94f75a18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302254865.jpg?k=9fbfd1f32bffd703bc92cf9a861a48fb73824e060f0df24581a86717694c538f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302253456.jpg?k=13ce2fddfb13707c9474ce161da9cf948e67fb7cf80d5b7fe9530b11ba5a96c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302238818.jpg?k=dac2733ca125e3d59113cd24f9060547d601ababce6c5934ac6e74a65eafb307&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302256698.jpg?k=fc12786d2b074bda4df05743a94c0b933fc6f16cbe9b2d50dc00529fe6f7b285&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302257838.jpg?k=2f6876905a8f82ccabbb879dc1f6866e29e5702df41654e20d8da3e37938327c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Perla 100 m"\n  - "Kleant 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 0 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Flo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel beachfront, kind staff, good breakfast and sparkling clean”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Lovely beach hotel with excellent service and local Albanian delicious food.”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Family run hotel with super attentive staff who cannot do enough for you. Great location, spotlessly clean and quiet rooms. I cannot wait to return.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miraxh.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Mirage Hotel are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with essential modern amenities such as a desk for those needing to stay productive, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The addition of a private balcony and an en-suite bathroom with a shower elevates the sense of privacy and relaxation. For added convenience, a fridge is also provided in each unit, allowing guests to keep beverages and snacks chilled.

Guests can start their day on the right note with a continental breakfast served every morning, a perfect way to fuel up for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's restaurant and bar offer further dining options, catering to a variety of tastes and preferences.

Beyond the comforts of the hotel, the surrounding area invites exploration. Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach is a short drive away, offering another beautiful spot for sunbathing and swimming. For those willing to venture further, Skanderbeg Square in the heart of the capital is within reach, presenting an opportunity to immerse in the local culture and history.

Conveniently located just 41 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mirage Hotel serves as an accessible retreat for both international travelers and those within Albania seeking a seaside escape. With its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, Mirage Hotel stands out as a top choice for visitors to Golem.