---\ntitle: "Mire Apartment"\ndescription: "Mire Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in their accommodation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514221692.jpg?k=d8241ae7a2b93269899f065fc2d14e463871db5cde2e01bd68f2dbcf1d9b1abf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mire-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27153169\n  lng: 19.51873954\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514221692.jpg?k=d8241ae7a2b93269899f065fc2d14e463871db5cde2e01bd68f2dbcf1d9b1abf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514221628.jpg?k=03a2f0260771fab909d1d7d51ff1fed785e8f433b1ca95bdca685920c9beb4e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514221899.jpg?k=07810c141a1072c827cd09132de28ad71dd1d265c2559d2f7173701c944f2513&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514221809.jpg?k=69ebb35a854717e9cd3a408ae8942c6f8c6de103a151da3b9fd5afbe70563242&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514222184.jpg?k=be466b56cf38362814885eb4489e09e45202ce4df29a9e07b01fabcb7749d548&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514222394.jpg?k=d89c7593b5e21ecf481a535347058f88ccc403a9e645e636a3162bd7a550b770&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514222344.jpg?k=7907330be044730f514350cdbfaacfbdd39f7099c94615af18af0a7ca6df9cfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514222277.jpg?k=df5eab134ec34370872fc7c895211caa899e74d0e4edbbf3c58558423203ec45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514222024.jpg?k=1103566d2b52bb744271906c5f0f1b8b9475590c71a3742da349c81ff4cfab8e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (48 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Arberia 100 m"\n  - "Benilva 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 700 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Liz"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Nice place. Good location. Close to the beach, some shops and places to eat. Ok size. Looks very new but cold.”"\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Todo excelente. El apartamento es lindo. Estaba limpio. Tenia lo necesario para cocinar. El internet funcionaba bien. El anfitrion amable. El precio es justo. Volvería a quedarme sin dudas.
La ubicación es muy cerca de la playa pero lejos de...”"\n  - name: "Cakiii"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Sve je kao na slici, blizu je plaža, čisto, uredno i dolazim ponovo sigurno”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mire-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern living, featuring an inviting balcony that offers guests a slice of the city's vibrant atmosphere. Inside, the air-conditioned space is thoughtfully laid out with a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a fridge and kettle, ensuring guests feel right at home. The inclusion of a clean, well-appointed bathroom with a shower and hair dryer, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort of the stay. Importantly, the entire apartment is designated as non-smoking, maintaining a fresh and pleasant environment for all guests.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, the apartment facilitates a car rental service, adding an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience. 

Situated 43 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 47 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, Mire Apartment offers an excellent base for those wishing to delve into the local culture and attractions. Additionally, the property is located 38 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available, ensuring seamless travel arrangements for arriving and departing guests.

Mire Apartment stands out as a top selection for travelers who prioritize both location and quality in their search for the perfect stay.