---\ntitle: "MiziriGuestHouse"\ndescription: "MiziriGuestHouse stands out as a serene retreat in the historic city of Gjirokastër, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414553008.jpg?k=6aad02538ad5e99163ea31bb0a2a6ed02de0e3ca51e9d4417593ba66d92132f6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: miziriguesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Bakiri, Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07563002\n  lng: 20.13381575\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 390\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414553008.jpg?k=6aad02538ad5e99163ea31bb0a2a6ed02de0e3ca51e9d4417593ba66d92132f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388419717.jpg?k=e20094b6c66bfdfad4f9bffabccc153689968c19bb88573250c695582283c6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387968560.jpg?k=7753794d57d4e6867f991578771295b91fb7a0d37f99519e5966450e040e38a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387967789.jpg?k=7d0fd09aaafde5a08503f2cad8692eb23b9ed1f6db460e540f265aedd0e86ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387968281.jpg?k=be748a6b3e9e99115cb7d55e6daf5f11d765c2145a1d15a9dd44903b3fedfe27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387963193.jpg?k=4e0029e77461531715b8607a3ca2952a7783e672c33c17ebcf4a94faa5818d67&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Private External Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\n  - "Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Halal Klajdi 150 m"\n  - "Etno 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "George"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The family were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The breakfast came with freshly baked scones/biscuits and home made jam as well as persimmons picked fresh from the tree in the courtyard 😋. And the hostess,...”"\n  - name: "Thompson"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The family was absolutely wonderful, & their son is exceptional ! Their son met me in the new town & we took the local bus to the Old city where I thought I would be arriving. His English was perfect ! Breakfast was delicious & the location was...”"\n  - name: "Deni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hospitality would be my 1st ranked thing to review this place. People were so nice and helpful. Rooms were clean, the only thing which is somehow as a problem, tight space to park the car, but it's not that bothering if you have good driving...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miziriguesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at MiziriGuestHouse are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is outfitted with essential amenities, including a wardrobe for personal belongings. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with slippers for added comfort. Select rooms elevate the experience further with balconies that present captivating mountain views, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surroundings.

The guest house's garden is a peaceful oasis where visitors can unwind and enjoy the serene atmosphere. Whether looking to enjoy a quiet moment alone or seeking a pleasant space to relax after a day of exploration, the garden area serves as an ideal setting.

For those traveling to the area, Ioannina Airport is conveniently located 83 km away, making MiziriGuestHouse an accessible destination for international and domestic travelers alike. This guest house is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the rich culture and stunning landscapes of Gjirokastër.