---\ntitle: "mk hotel tirana"\ndescription: "MK Hotel Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modern amenities in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304390520.jpg?k=01b40b0c98a907a9387064bcd6db552245d86550fff4ca096b4bddd9863cba30&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mk-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rinas Road Tirana Business Park, Core 2, Unit 1, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.41030346\n  lng: 19.70528838\nprice: "US$72"\npriceFrom: 72\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1901\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304390520.jpg?k=01b40b0c98a907a9387064bcd6db552245d86550fff4ca096b4bddd9863cba30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431618463.jpg?k=d946b88a230c7ed89990f51f92b20f014cf594c774a84de1ffe4e0497eafac11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324696100.jpg?k=afe6f8eb437e15ad3c7caf3b37b1e56edb1c78545127bfa04115d1ac9eca66c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304390946.jpg?k=375d41c58c5f2534cbe38ec31f9c1bf8a223c7f9e648457a7a4f89a1806399cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324696131.jpg?k=84a6d75e4c46cc3b82360d64bb9fc733c0dbc251091f46d1da6185be855e115c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304390937.jpg?k=c33ffeb7c16e19d50f8443a30b466261e07f46fb33103ebb85675243bea0b21a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324695727.jpg?k=8a005b7519a093260123a4ea2595f752f010c5a16ef3e933a7a4167a1def9342&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324696154.jpg?k=e2f062e25d214c6dc6e2235eb302aa7e720d95aeb2207830f4c188f868775584&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431618606.jpg?k=311f17b9ef5dab6abeddc98185f702d157a4ed9c56f1a265b190fc4c1c2d8095&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324696086.jpg?k=3485b37a3ed08b660eacfe6015e0debc1834e1a4fc433999a6f003dc9230d854&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/273012612.jpg?k=ca8a7a6474021915954211697b64d25f14b68e72c0d91ec99915c7d026fda49c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324695720.jpg?k=f6a0218808c1c6263e844a75952880a4c6d962d4b94eaea764a5d698d2f2cf7e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "3 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room - Disability Access"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 13 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 13 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 13 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 13 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 13 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 13 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 14 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 14 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 15 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 15 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Authentic Family 950 m"\n  - "Lord Hotel & -Pizzeria at Autostation 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 11 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 12 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 900 m"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ionut"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“it was the best option for us to be near the airport. the rooms are very generous in size, everything looks new.”"\n  - name: "Mirela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I have been different times in this hotel, booking the family room. Everything is perfect in this room. Excellent breakfast, excellent service.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean, well presented with comfy furnishings. Great food and wine, really close to the airport. Great facilities.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mk-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nGuests at MK Hotel Tirana are treated to a range of facilities that elevate the stay experience. The property boasts a restaurant that caters to diverse palates, a free shuttle service ensuring easy access to local attractions, and the convenience of room service. Connectivity is seamless with free WiFi available throughout the premises, and for those looking to unwind, a sauna is on-site, complemented by the assurance of a 24-hour front desk.

Accommodations at MK Hotel Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, kettle, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay. The attention to detail extends to the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

Culinary experiences at MK Hotel Tirana start with a diverse breakfast selection each morning, offering buffet, à la carte, and continental options to suit every taste. For younger guests, the hotel features a children's playground, making it an ideal option for families.

Situated 20 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 16 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, MK Hotel Tirana offers a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 3 km away, the hotel serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.