---\ntitle: "Modern & Cozzy House Unit - Villa"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of Modern & Cozzy House Unit - Villa, a serene oasis located just a stone's throw away from the city's vibrant heart."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775667.jpg?k=c551ccc3eff9a7cea00650871a02dbd74f895222f5cd3ca36a2431fcb67b77ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-cozzy-house-unit-villa\naddress: "74 Rruga Artan Lenja, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32963924\n  lng: 19.79627137\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775667.jpg?k=c551ccc3eff9a7cea00650871a02dbd74f895222f5cd3ca36a2431fcb67b77ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775715.jpg?k=6fd961947c1353ce08e749ee13be3b9e0e17bbfc379ab8849cb9d19fc3f7b0ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775679.jpg?k=a584e5cec675723949fa397fee0f8d277be7e054d51b2585fcebe6a3199d092d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775700.jpg?k=0be80100c8d9fe01ed8b0b292729a1b308d0dcee393652668c814749852e0a02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775677.jpg?k=b72145fc300121ec57ef8c055d562414ffa0e282280a538192f17a9b7857ef8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775818.jpg?k=4dc2473d3e404a822fe96de57c72ddd6e685fde5fe3e4722c3eed59a00151139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775790.jpg?k=b6333d25386acaeddedaf0f26d1c36bc190c87e97d53521709ef937347fdc5b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775862.jpg?k=bf14725480dab81df2d949146e9a3741d0e03cee562d9040cfe34c0005b8a524&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/398775802.jpg?k=953367242e0287c0eba64e4000af146dad224daf3323e5a5001e6e2822abb7f2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dorado Snack&Coffee Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jonathan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice, cozy and convenient apartment. Modern design and has everything you need for a short or also longer stay. The neighborhood is very quite and there is not a lot of noise. The location is very good, cafes and restaurants are just a short...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-amp-cozzy-house-unit-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe villa boasts an elegantly appointed air-conditioned apartment featuring a harmonious blend of modern amenities and homely comforts. With its spacious bedroom, inviting living room, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a fridge and kettle, guests are assured of a stay that combines luxury with the warmth of home. The bathroom, complete with a bath and complimentary slippers, adds an extra touch of comfort to the experience. Soundproof rooms adorned with parquet floors and a cozy fireplace ensure a peaceful and ambient retreat from the bustling city life.

For those keen on exploring, the villa's proximity to notable attractions like the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the historical House of Leaves enriches the stay with cultural immersion. The Rock of Kavaje, a bit farther afield, promises an adventure for those willing to explore the region's natural beauty.

Modern & Cozzy House Unit - Villa doesn't just stop at providing a restful place to stay. It enhances the travel experience with available sightseeing tours, ensuring guests have the opportunity to fully discover Tirana's charms. Additionally, the convenience of car rental services directly from the apartment opens up endless possibilities for exploration.

The property also prioritizes ease of travel, offering a paid airport shuttle service to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 12 km away. With the added benefits of free WiFi and private parking, guests can enjoy a seamless and connected stay.

In summary, Modern & Cozzy House Unit - Villa stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the local culture.