---\ntitle: "Modern 1 Bedroom City Apartment"\ndescription: "Modern 1 Bedroom City Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448452298.jpg?k=e00a88acf484f0277cb7f9f9007042c5fbeb04e0e55c51ff7f4bd5d0615e8c2b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-1-bedroom-city-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, Nd. 1, Nr. ap. 6, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33345553\n  lng: 19.80865937\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448452298.jpg?k=e00a88acf484f0277cb7f9f9007042c5fbeb04e0e55c51ff7f4bd5d0615e8c2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492279910.jpg?k=8f9e4ed1cc8aafdd13dcb6d586f02a6c5578dcca906edf569cd46f6de55920c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448451925.jpg?k=08b543ed5f4478aa53ab47816c58c2e3d7713caca31200c57a298b87a9555613&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448451924.jpg?k=3a368ec7538e2f72fddb358377e4cc447bb38e138aa3b9f8e8eace1f3ac97c41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448451927.jpg?k=20ce4e2a1166dd6c32e8af7f67f330d01c2edb2f579288d5b5c12a29cabd6d3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448453065.jpg?k=81b40ee40e9db472c2bb729f86eda289743bb628159a7fc29494950210f533b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448451929.jpg?k=8d28291e1bc72bf035cac9945d19acdb8f45fda9de61f2c4fa3fc8e828f3d1c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448451944.jpg?k=ad0f0dbd5569daeebeb8aa9b89fac19ae8e953ce13da032025d831c9397b9179&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492279962.jpg?k=e1975a4412c5ce1b9803e644e02ed3ac812d1ec48139160b5ad0fa031156b862&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Arjel Bar 2 10 m"\n  - "Bar Restorantpicari 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Talitha"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The bedroom was very comfortable. The apartment has a great location”"\n  - name: "Dmytro"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host is nice and always nearby. Pretty modern flat.”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very clean apartment with patio in the middle of Tirana. Main square ‚Skanderbeg Square‘ is within walking distance. Apartment is equipped with everything you need. Host is very friendly and owns a café/bar next to the apartment where you can grab...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-1-bedroom-city-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment distinguishes itself with a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen boasting an oven and microwave, alongside a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. The presence of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds a touch of modernity. For those who value their privacy, the accommodation also provides a private entrance, enhancing the sense of exclusivity.

Guests will find themselves in close proximity to several of Tirana's cultural landmarks, including the National Museum of History Albania, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the prestigious National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the local culture. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 12 km away, facilitating easy travel arrangements.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Modern 1 Bedroom City Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.