---\ntitle: "Modern Central Apartments"\ndescription: "Modern Central Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527756005.jpg?k=0bb9fb78e1e1ea45715d5e9fe980122adc9f5304a665f9b21b7a22a55be2a901&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-central-apartments\naddress: "73 Rruga Bardhok Biba Ap 13. Kati 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33184158\n  lng: 19.81875084\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527756005.jpg?k=0bb9fb78e1e1ea45715d5e9fe980122adc9f5304a665f9b21b7a22a55be2a901&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527755980.jpg?k=ce31cbb8b197b688281952e715383f5aff4845d13e4a34673c34a29a5e958516&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527756009.jpg?k=ec1ded26eb9b68a3e4f44dd970847e95b81db005619fe35eb4031d3df4aa2ded&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527756013.jpg?k=44f8f25d96ee37e21b75af90a7031204affbcd49c8f3f075b3f8dbead91c8ec6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527756148.jpg?k=79c5e0d354c0975128d9076e35d1bed35112006f31a710bd609bc66c75416bdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527755944.jpg?k=6d51a0063873f3d54964eba2b6f2360868f902f619671601a4dd418effe7d8f6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Grill Dea 20 m"\n  - "Taverna Dajkua 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-central-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSecurity is paramount, with round-the-clock services and a private check-in and check-out process ensuring a seamless and safe experience for guests. The promise of free WiFi throughout the premises adds to the appeal, allowing visitors to stay connected at all times.

Privacy is a given, thanks to private entrances that lead into each apartment, making it a sanctuary for those who value their solitude. The interiors boast a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, kitchenware, and a kettle, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. The living area, furnished with a comfortable seating arrangement and a flat-screen TV, provides a cozy space for relaxation. Additionally, the convenience of having a washing machine in the apartment adds a touch of home comfort. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bath and a hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start and end to each day.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to the immediate needs of the guests, from snacks to essentials.

The location of Modern Central Apartments is unbeatable for culture enthusiasts and explorers alike, with the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves all within close proximity. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Modern Central Apartments offers a harmonious blend of privacy, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture and history of Tirana.