---\ntitle: "Modern Apartment at Blloku Area"\ndescription: "Modern Apartment at Blloku Area emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078083.jpg?k=bee243b37c3757d992f3265f29be92bf90536ba06da383d3b364675ed53809d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-apartment-at-blloku-area\naddress: "Rruga Vaso Pasha 14 , Entry 1 Apartment 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32008764\n  lng: 19.8161617\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078083.jpg?k=bee243b37c3757d992f3265f29be92bf90536ba06da383d3b364675ed53809d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078188.jpg?k=a5e446d52d395c04a7dbe278c8d7d49c831b92e81a0080911af5182f495ad4c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078171.jpg?k=3ce5a88f31e9f791c59a56c96bbbb88e376cd4f5abcfa8d49fa45048b8354859&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078220.jpg?k=51028e1f3df7ee5c40806b8f9258d972b42a9ad64139c359b6b5bff17142a457&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078180.jpg?k=df0710a25ee9ad261b847174bbebc73aa34557cdd69a76f772dceead1f59c9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402162932.jpg?k=c4afc1e411a4d5634330260006103b9ed5eac218e1406e2760b41e0bc2ec4e30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404078208.jpg?k=697b4a5b151f73cedb8e86a51c5b94c15f9fbe26a1a98f300bea22f930ab8427&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404363600.jpg?k=8304882a682bc882cd6bf4e8103bc174cf4ec8fe388389311b8ba2acccc33dc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404077838.jpg?k=dbf9ae60f650d9d3a983122dbb8ce2f59dedc054a608c5a6baa00d4fbda581f7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shamrock 20 m"\n  - "Munegu 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-apartment-at-blloku-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts spacious, air-conditioned living quarters complete with a welcoming balcony that presents tranquil street views. Guests will find themselves just a stone's throw away from significant historical sites, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and within a manageable distance of 45 km from the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje. Convenience is further enhanced by complimentary private parking and the option of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free travel experience.

Accommodation at Modern Apartment at Blloku Area is thoughtfully designed with privacy and comfort in mind. The two-bedroom setup is complemented by a fully equipped kitchen, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish. The living space, featuring a flat-screen TV and a cozy seating area, is ideal for relaxation after a day of exploration. The modern bathroom, equipped with a walk-in shower, adds an extra layer of convenience.

For those looking to explore the local area or venture further afield, a car rental service is readily available on-site. Additionally, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex ensures that essentials are always within reach.

Noteworthy attractions nearby include the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, making Modern Apartment at Blloku Area an excellent starting point for discovering the city's highlights. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, guests will appreciate the ease of access to and from this charming accommodation.