---\ntitle: "Modern Cozy Apartment 10 Min Walk to Skanderbeg Square"\ndescription: "Modern Cozy Apartment, a mere 10-minute stroll from the heart of Tirana's Skanderbeg Square, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the convenience of city exploration."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518423484.jpg?k=a88a8429677cca5d591dd1e746b54a92bdbd68db82d276a2d0d1302d0a7491db&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-cozy-apartment-10-min-walk-to-skanderbeg-square\naddress: "Rruga Haxhi Hysen Dalliu 2nd Floor, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33528829\n  lng: 19.81474752\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518423484.jpg?k=a88a8429677cca5d591dd1e746b54a92bdbd68db82d276a2d0d1302d0a7491db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518424735.jpg?k=fafa5a2ddbf92897f2d5aed13ad47c5b6e462f94d99f61b9c0e93afc10865ba7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518424201.jpg?k=7e56b45d34e836a2f584377c0c80c60c5da226c209374b47bddc0eb8ac885080&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518423486.jpg?k=c9161b57eb3e08eb86d29c83a3dee84621f1f8f476179fd4b77658f7855365eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518423480.jpg?k=c05601b833fe81a603194c64eb476163f7a8c264db8397d7ba6e026c02d10a4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518425213.jpg?k=fd901a1bccf0deced977be4da49a88b76963520c05a55f4e786d5d4fc7f49c5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518424734.jpg?k=4ea653fb4e7c5cad435c5ff2d34c9c7cc43d29777b320d0bab2f72e5662f04ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518424194.jpg?k=4932e95dcee64e0546d514f4b15daff555d6146701fa7ebb3c56fadf8a5a850a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518424733.jpg?k=78bc2fe405130f6a4d30d2a71179beff623323549121ee18622a15c88cd20b6f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar & Restorant Colombo 30 m"\n  - "Bar Caffe 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Suela"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Loved this apartment! Very clean, spacious and felt like home during my 2 day visit to Tirana. Although I was out most of the time, I did enjoy just chilling on the couch in between sightseeing :) Drilon was a great host and was happy to answer...”"\n  - name: "J"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great location and the apartment is super beautiful, all the amenities look new and is very modern. Drilon was great and very fast replying all my questions. I highly recommend it”"\n  - name: "Karl"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“its superbly clean and cozy, perfect for staycation.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-cozy-apartment-10-min-walk-to-skanderbeg-square.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers an experience. With its own balcony and complimentary WiFi, guests can enjoy the ease of connectivity and outdoor relaxation without stepping out of their comfort zone. The non-smoking premises ensure a clean and healthy environment, further enhanced by its proximity to significant historical sites, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, merely 1.9 km away.

Accommodation at Modern Cozy Apartment is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, but the space is maximized with a living room that boasts a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, inviting guests to unwind in style. The kitchen doesn't skimp on amenities either, featuring an oven and a fridge, alongside the unexpected convenience of slippers provided in the bathroom, adding a touch of homey comfort to the modern space.

For those who might need a quick snack or essential items, the apartment complex houses a minimarket, adding an extra layer of convenience to your stay. The location is unbeatable for culture enthusiasts and explorers alike, with the National Museum of History Albania, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the House of Leaves all within easy reach. 

Completing the picture of convenience is the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 13 km away, making Modern Cozy Apartment an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's the allure of historical exploration or the need for a cozy retreat after a day in the city, this apartment stands out as a top-tier choice for discerning travelers.