---\ntitle: "Modern Beachfront Apartments"\ndescription: "Modern Beachfront Apartments in Sarandë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location just a stone's throw away from Saranda Main Beach and a short 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287133.jpg?k=4842880d347c0f5b7c214061dbf59bb9e4729e80852bf6423cc2dea81e1e42cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-beachfront-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87137762\n  lng: 19.99544251\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287133.jpg?k=4842880d347c0f5b7c214061dbf59bb9e4729e80852bf6423cc2dea81e1e42cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440286911.jpg?k=0f6898032bb65497e87bc441d5d5ba1c1b1c168a522ccb1673721d308b8167f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430961441.jpg?k=3383008a987ce750d934175561437c06a398b1dfe580b84240c2085e54ba5f74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440286950.jpg?k=afac2261471915215280f9982e7b2680649fbd0ade42dd7fe557078ebbecf7c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430961424.jpg?k=1e353564c97ede7a4d1c0594a275305007ab744c3ee80c46c9d8f86b75d0c0e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287218.jpg?k=1d7d58aeaba2adc5773cf5d3f61288058dd509c4bbddbf2db84811d060e717d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287238.jpg?k=71c27291b8bb858b95e3b0fa623d9efa1be926110ec132571c5cefaf8cb69f50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287254.jpg?k=82b3f180473a86ea931227260ec7e12633cece19a84587da877e236282e8ce6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440287276.jpg?k=98f0ee1ddbaef3d9b002cd6bd6f44fd2fc07fb2cc25897cecdecc19ac739f050&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Kasandro 7 m"\n  - "Oxhaku Saranda 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sherry"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great location, comfortable suite, and friendly, responsive host!”"\n  - name: "Aurelijus"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect apartments, beachfront,sea view,modern,close to town centre.Owner very helpful!Just excellent!”"\n  - name: "Dusica"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The apartment was great, clean, modern and absolutely beautiful and affordable. There was a fresh sheets, clean towels, kitchenette.
There was no Detegent for pots or shampoo or soap so bring youre own. Also bring Toalet paper.
Location is okey 1...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-beachfront-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Modern Beachfront Apartments are designed with guest comfort in mind. Each apartment boasts a balcony that invites guests to enjoy the serene surroundings, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a cozy seating area for relaxation. Entertainment and convenience are ensured with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine in every unit, alongside a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and a hairdryer. To further enhance the stay, free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, and select rooms feature a terrace, adding an extra layer of luxury to the experience.

Guests will find themselves enveloped in the tranquility of the area, with Saranda Bay Beach just 1.7 km away, offering an opportunity for memorable beach outings. For those intrigued by history and nature, Butrint National Park is within a 18 km reach, presenting a perfect day trip option. Moreover, the convenience of Ioannina Airport being 98 km away facilitates easy access for international and domestic travelers.

Modern Beachfront Apartments not only promises a stay filled with serene beachfront living but also ensures a comfortable and convenient experience, making it an exceptional choice for those visiting Sarandë.