---\ntitle: "Modern Apartment at Train Station"\ndescription: "Modern Apartment at Train Station emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409999098.jpg?k=5888b604e97682640f7570fd09a5d3019cafef55027fd298243af5771e66705d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-apartment-at-train-station\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Petrela, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33584772\n  lng: 19.81459207\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409999098.jpg?k=5888b604e97682640f7570fd09a5d3019cafef55027fd298243af5771e66705d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462473157.jpg?k=4f972c5eb7438bf17c7c3cdbd0767cdb21d7dcc11a50a84dc371ecc73008b0d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406157983.jpg?k=df5904192edb8e918bff23de3cb237346f08e51a9b0d76f0237104ff758b56d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406158000.jpg?k=e4dff49af14c7287a9db785425457cf730034e09f99c8053c0c4dec0f8aa5259&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406157973.jpg?k=24661b53030e6f6f31a96d8abcbc414dbbb118c1306d01a8b29a6d1c487e4a50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406158016.jpg?k=30b1d52d25d1b59a76485e0f0ada50736c4ab4dede66b3f65cac77a0d701d264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406157962.jpg?k=7344595497bcf76dfda3754289b51f555136b73b438b97412212e80609b641c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406157980.jpg?k=6138c164bc8cc0ce43187f5db7145ce4e6044e655f42b0a273d089342716b27a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462473400.jpg?k=6b0fc61d278f534a5b1d28482f17f108f25238426e9f1d2e98dc5f49b8757390&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Neal 20 m"\n  - "Bar Caffe 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kurtaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very comfortable and super nice,,its very big and clean,the view was beatiful and the owner was nice.”"\n  - name: "Adriatik"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was amazing apartment! Higly recommended! Everything was very near and the guy thats menage was very kindly and ecepsional hospitable! 100/10”"\n  - name: "Adele"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment, located within walking distance of everything we needed. Very clean and comfortable, with all the little bits and pieces that made our stay really enjoyable. Loved the decor. Easy check-in and check-out.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-apartment-at-train-station-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe interior of the apartment does not disappoint, offering a spacious layout with two bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. Entertainment and practical needs are met with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of towels and bed linen. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to guest privacy.

Situated in a location that puts Tirana's most sought-after attractions within easy reach, guests find themselves just a stone's throw away from Skanderbeg Square, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For those looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, making Modern Apartment at Train Station an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.