---\ntitle: "Modern Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - THE NEST"\ndescription: "Modern Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - THE NEST emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529905.jpg?k=8990f3c9da055b377c32700d8c71d5e914c3ebfc260b74fd1833db68cff6965e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: modern-apartment-in-skanderbeg-square-the-nest\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32785571\n  lng: 19.81615113\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529905.jpg?k=8990f3c9da055b377c32700d8c71d5e914c3ebfc260b74fd1833db68cff6965e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529941.jpg?k=0cb24f71dbad309704a828bf6a2d96a7f8105c4f9922baca9b8747ade2d281cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529770.jpg?k=68689c523f57ab7fbf39868654963910eded3d58ce957efe8f63951df2670df2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439530030.jpg?k=e918ef0f0d1f66e85785d5e8a40e9b0637c86031cb2c17df85ce26f1f506602f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439530065.jpg?k=92455a2c5622545cdb356b2c48fc841eadbb892e10e714a024c9ab00f35e5f49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529785.jpg?k=5c91470e9c2d27740e6540cd3d1f507f7e8df7079276c6499d42cff712f11099&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529799.jpg?k=210ced1f8cbc78d3cfece4407d420fbb394a863f8dbf41dcb203405bb43eb435&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529715.jpg?k=cd0db0fb263ee7ee03024382c8a0fb2e63ee5495d2c1964ecb77d01d767224ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439529558.jpg?k=6a8b24588816604e65a2a506170e58fe1b1f254bbbc4afd1b220ec0175bc3812&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ideal 10 m"\n  - "CR7=AM7 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fferenc"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Great cental location, beautiful furnishings, full facilities, friendly welcome.”"\n  - name: "Klajdi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the tv was good. the place was good the location was very good”"\n  - name: "Gennaro"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La.posizione è centralissima.....a pochi metri da Piazza Scandeberg.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxurious-apartment-in-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests can enjoy the luxury of modern living with the apartment's spacious layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge, along with towels and bed linen, ensures a home-away-from-home experience. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, and for those needing to attend to financial transactions, an ATM is conveniently located on-site. The non-smoking apartment is also strategically positioned just 5.4 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering easy access to one of Tirana's most scenic attractions.

For daily essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket within the apartment complex caters to guests' needs. Those keen to explore Tirana's cultural scene will find Rinia Park, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque within easy reach. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 15 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a hassle-free transfer.

Modern Apartment in Skanderbeg Square - THE NEST stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, combining the comforts of modern living with the convenience of a central location.