---\ntitle: "Mojito Beach Apartments with Free Parking"\ndescription: "Mojito Beach Apartments with Free Parking emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502593841.jpg?k=d174960fdf6bc5ce0f5f1af63b11b0f19fb2b2ce1b3858b66bd1433eaab6870c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mojito-beach-apartments-with-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha Nr.85 Sarande, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86780816\n  lng: 20.00039577\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502593841.jpg?k=d174960fdf6bc5ce0f5f1af63b11b0f19fb2b2ce1b3858b66bd1433eaab6870c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502597920.jpg?k=0386b7be6fbda740d02a18bd3a608715b863c08482e2e49fc93239e243a07502&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/256635953.jpg?k=8aee014a9e9a88f9706895a16ec80e8280feebcc750c116be3839cf626f82f3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502597830.jpg?k=e1a9e49d6709424da5e117d6a0292a53fbd0e0647ce6378b0bf6914aa0e85b5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502593829.jpg?k=05d0572aa60346b2e59996316c5d967d574e271bd47dabed9eb63a95e7b0a8ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502593827.jpg?k=242162b76269c6c539b51dee9ed66007a7df558b9ea6e2d166c2040b50a0b053&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aloha Beach 100 m"\n  - "Alban 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 10 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jivve"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“the location was great and the landlord welcomed us warmly and helped where necessary, definitely recommended!”"\n  - name: "Mitchell"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“From the moment we arrived Niko was very welcoming and gave us plenty of good recommendations and laughs! The room was clean and spacious with a great view over the beach club and sea. Overall we were very happy with our stay here and would...”"\n  - name: "Nihad"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment was large and extremely clean, the air conditioner was ok, the kitchen also had all the facilities, the only thing missing was an oven and a slightly larger dining table, the toilet was excellent, the beds were also good, the staff...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-mojito-beach-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a haven of relaxation, featuring spacious terraces that offer breathtaking sea views. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen including an oven and a fridge, and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hairdryer, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of a stovetop and kettle further adds to the convenience, allowing visitors to start their day with a freshly brewed cup of coffee while soaking in the serene surroundings. Comfort is further accentuated with the provision of crisp bed linen and fluffy towels in every apartment.

For those who prefer to dine within the premises, the property does not disappoint. A charming on-site restaurant and bar await, alongside a coffee shop for those leisurely afternoons. Additionally, a minimarket within the complex ensures that guests have easy access to essentials without having to venture far.

Adventure seekers and leisure travelers alike will find Mojito Beach Apartments with Free Parking to be an ideal base. The availability of both bicycle and car rental services on-site opens up a world of exploration, with hiking trails nearby for those inclined towards nature. Moreover, the property's proximity to popular attractions such as Sarande Main Beach, Saranda City Beach, and La Petite Beach invites guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and scenic beauty.

For those traveling from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Ioannina Airport, located 97 km away, is a thoughtful addition, ensuring a hassle-free transition to and from the accommodation.

In summary, Mojito Beach Apartments with Free Parking stands out as a comprehensive solution for travelers looking for a memorable stay in Sarandë, offering a perfect mix of leisure, convenience, and scenic beauty.