---\ntitle: "Molla Guest House"\ndescription: "Molla Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the historic heart of Theth, merely 4."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211049184.jpg?k=0472187c97b6ab0028f0c16d9d1d01b560a96324365e2ec26df468922de15066&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: molla-guest-house\naddress: "Gjeçaj Theth, 4001 Theth, Albania"\ncity: "Theth"\nlocation: "Theth"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.40476894\n  lng: 19.7638974\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 572\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211049184.jpg?k=0472187c97b6ab0028f0c16d9d1d01b560a96324365e2ec26df468922de15066&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472201591.jpg?k=d22b64160ea34f51ee30b9030c2fbc129b4f127355b07e9c0131119c5e863fdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472910863.jpg?k=991b4c1735453141f4aa864c9c52ab0973c5df4c95fa4b9e29edf42c27dbc334&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472740734.jpg?k=c79ed340ea6a876671bc3f8ad4f55b348924af35f1388847ad87d26803672a15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472910779.jpg?k=4e652c099c7d71e3855742a45f66ceda5711a81962007031b5a5d645c09d3637&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473311108.jpg?k=f4b47ee5893f1044bf485b946a486655ec518563881d1b37d2df16cda32bd04b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472917330.jpg?k=c3dec30fb92e127e34e3fc7b9336bd8c57f97d024f8e501f6dbdc5e3088bda33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472917046.jpg?k=cfd06dc72de29b7031673e0ba1fa3fa5ba2177796911be02402d0a058c88a70e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472916459.jpg?k=933fdac86bc54fbf6328065982040693fbcde2a7d7d2a32e021a4e4e50772f57&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (59 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Malesorja 100 m"\n  - "Cafe Bar 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3.8 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 14 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 42 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 85 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We absolutely loved our stay here. The guest house is so beautiful in the most amazing countryside. It’s run by a family and you can really tell that they take a lot of care over everything. All of the food is from product either grown on the...”"\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Friendly staff, nice rooms with a beautiful view. Good food”"\n  - name: "Kirti"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location was spectacular. We drove from Tirana and were able to comfortably reach and park. The host Rafael was the extremely kind and generous. The food was super tasty considering we were vegetarians, didn’t think we would get any nice food. We...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/molla-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a picturesque garden and stunning river views, creating an atmosphere of tranquility and escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life. Security is a top priority, with full-day monitoring complemented by the convenience of free private parking and the option of a paid airport shuttle service for ease of travel to and from Podgorica Airport, located 86 km away.

Accommodations at Molla Guest House are thoughtfully designed for comfort and privacy. Each unit is well-appointed with essential amenities including a wardrobe, a private bathroom, and a safety deposit box, alongside the benefit of complimentary WiFi. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a balcony, offering guests the opportunity to soak in the breathtaking mountain views in solitude. For those sensitive to noise, soundproof options are available, ensuring a peaceful stay.

Dining at the guest house is a culinary delight, with a family-friendly restaurant that specializes in Mediterranean cuisine. Open for both lunch and dinner, it provides a perfect setting for guests to savor delicious meals while enjoying the company of loved ones.

For entertainment and leisure, Molla Guest House boasts a children's playground and a picnic area, making it an ideal choice for families seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure.

In summary, Molla Guest House stands out as a haven of peace and comfort, offering a perfect base for exploring the natural beauty of Theth and its surroundings. Its combination of historic charm, modern conveniences, and a commitment to guest satisfaction makes it a highly recommended choice for travelers seeking an authentic and enjoyable stay.