---\ntitle: "MonarC Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of elegance and convenience at the MonarC Hotel, a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern luxury and prime location in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14219847.jpg?k=173856d7c69e67be84542ff580b9a37fa7793acd3100a54dddeabdeff9b91763&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: monarc-hotel\naddress: "Intersection. Rr. George W. Bush Road and Blvd. Zhan d’Ark, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32563638\n  lng: 19.82505172\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 287\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14219847.jpg?k=173856d7c69e67be84542ff580b9a37fa7793acd3100a54dddeabdeff9b91763&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14222497.jpg?k=4802f0001e3d0449a537b3f548366532f83a23d7bd5d0c4847f5d56c75836e86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14223200.jpg?k=ea10cad22de66e90f8e997c7fed8541f795bfdf3bec4fc931350f409ee2c66b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/39849473.jpg?k=be0f20d32a0ed31a2bbc85cbd2987602ceb0b42fe4f72c909d80c6512e7288da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14220399.jpg?k=da29e1f75291c6b8a8d12a321c9bf6ac7ac047ef96b13d13fdbceb80e94a8112&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/14224119.jpg?k=2f4e24512102208af9cd8c0545dc62f3d7e2f7d7826db62edff1b7bde6f47dd3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rruga George W. Bush 40 m"\n  - "Lulishte 1 Maji 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Perfect location to visit the city. I can fully recommend a stay at MonarC!”"\n  - name: "Irina"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“I highly recommend the place! Excellent service, spotless clean rooms, and a great location! The staff was very helpful and we are very grateful for their kind support in a difficult situation!”"\n  - name: "Bruna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice apartment, great location and a nice roof top where you can work and enjoy some drinks”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/monarch.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guest room at the MonarC Hotel is a haven of comfort, boasting air conditioning, a sleek flat-screen TV, a well-stocked minibar, and a cozy seating area. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with a refreshing shower, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a relaxing retreat after a day of exploration.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, the hotel offers a range of facilities designed to enhance your stay. Business travelers will appreciate the convenience of several conference rooms, while the bar terrace offers all guests a spectacular view of the town, perfect for unwinding. The on-site restaurant is a culinary delight, serving a variety of Mediterranean specialties that cater to diverse palates.

Service at the MonarC Hotel is unparalleled, with a 24-hour front desk and daily room service ensuring that every need is met with the utmost care and attention. 

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and nightlife, the famous Blloku Area is just a 5-minute walk away. This lively district is teeming with bars, cafes, nightclubs, and cultural sites, offering endless entertainment options. Additionally, the Qemal Stafa Stadium and Shopping Mall Coin are within easy reach, located just 750 meters from the hotel.

Conveniently, the main Train and Bus Station is only 1.1 km away, making the hotel easily accessible for travelers. For those flying in, Tirana Airport is a mere 18 km from the hotel, ensuring a smooth transition to and from your destination.

In summary, the MonarC Hotel is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, combining luxurious comfort with an unbeatable location and stellar service.