---\ntitle: "Moncafe Hotel Etico Tirana"\ndescription: "Moncafe Hotel Etico Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322833991.jpg?k=776d50ae4d431e09aa8a4fd0cfac30aa3f3ccb32e48a9c360a9aa412a2931064&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: moncafe-hotel-etico-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla Komuna e Parisit, Tirane, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.315866\n  lng: 19.80634\nprice: "US$134"\npriceFrom: 134\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 454\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322833991.jpg?k=776d50ae4d431e09aa8a4fd0cfac30aa3f3ccb32e48a9c360a9aa412a2931064&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323022997.jpg?k=9df7e8a116bed032473127a53fceca18d58b1e1e7401a53324db5fdf7f1cce53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423656667.jpg?k=83bbe5b0d9e721b74e722cb2f82c11f30474a386c7bf7a72da4ead4951ab76d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322830294.jpg?k=58ecbb8d5c756204fc236402c0256a54a9343e42f2d90775c206b2f72b69b9f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323835863.jpg?k=02732ec479d9d8a20e5c0edc5f3c2945f74c278c0368e5bc62f9f23d073ec1da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322834776.jpg?k=5950eecad339ceaff4e9f850e47e33f0a177d53577f570c4ed7270de8a94791b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322834095.jpg?k=aeb80e4b4229a877e33d68ad691af03406075599d6dd25c22e9d8d772f686e51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371043681.jpg?k=f78732b42ad3ec4db3038e9641a9fc8c2207942424dacfc2e98bb86645a32c81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423664375.jpg?k=aad596483f5e49cbb95025225cc60d9a3a4f4288290c1d398153b5062ec64a0b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oazi I Shijes 3 m"\n  - "Creperie 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shemsedini"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Very friendly and helpful staff, comfortable and clean room.”"\n  - name: "Mateja"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The location is ok, you are quite fast in the centre. Very friendly staff. Very clean, comfortable rooms. For breakfast you can choose sweet or salty (they prepare you also eggs on request). Really good coffee.”"\n  - name: "Harald"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“a really nice small hotel w wooden floors, large rooms, good breakfast and friendly staff. Not as inexpensive anymore, as last year, location excellent for me as a business traveller, for tourists maybe less ideal as not close to city center -...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/moncafe-boutiquehotel-spa-tirana123.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Business"\nbestCategories: "Business"\ncategory: "Business"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Moncafe Hotel Etico Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ample storage, and a balcony that offers captivating views of the cityscape. The private bathrooms, flat-screen TVs, and the inclusion of bed linen and towels enhance the stay, while the provision of a fridge in every room adds an extra layer of convenience.

Morning starts on a high note with a diverse breakfast selection, offering buffet, continental, and Italian options to cater to various palates and preferences.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich history and cultural landmarks, Moncafe Hotel Etico Tirana is ideally situated near several key attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Moncafe Hotel Etico Tirana stands out as a prime accommodation choice for discerning travelers looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana, offering a perfect blend of thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and attentive service.