---\ntitle: "MondurO Hotel"\ndescription: "MondurO Hotel emerges as a charming retreat just 200 meters from the pristine shores of Durres Beach, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472300511.jpg?k=da62fdcb913e8dc6398db7d3724c4baef6d9533ac8c569c194529f2e1daad499&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: monduro-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Teuta, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31348191\n  lng: 19.4804386\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 80\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472300511.jpg?k=da62fdcb913e8dc6398db7d3724c4baef6d9533ac8c569c194529f2e1daad499&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470793121.jpg?k=b3ab15c03d8c8567be8cfc6169828596cb882b85f749860d230a1a929fe861df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470794190.jpg?k=09edfc4888ed8069244339addbf86f3f4d6185142275c5d66976abf78102bb61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479297829.jpg?k=6e2f9686815266e0e10db09bf136364da6c86ee723aa46e7f90b2eed0d55fcbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958336.jpg?k=3a121b402e20521d61d9df6e6aa546bc1db32fa34d895da4070f64dafc5a5625&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470793606.jpg?k=fa6f9ead7e1558c8f5bb829df24ce8bd8eff88477ccd2cd52280949eecd342b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477445328.jpg?k=d960404eb2f6365e3c7540bb7555d54587b5235902006a702db6b619d73db9f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472119058.jpg?k=e73cfbc67b62f9bcb5d46cf61d17465e1a9d6940818f625929bedba9298d0193&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527904205.jpg?k=44ee49c1f87afe326dd105b38ba4ac2ea0b748faa6b91fab0741886732860441&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Vushtrria 100 m"\n  - "Hotel Ristorante Koral 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sedat"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Check in and checkout was so fast Owner was so kind and helpful Property has small parking and it was great”"\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Everything was great! Clean, new, friendly owner, location is also nice 30min to the center 5min to the beach :) totally worth the money”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very helpful and friendly owners, felt taken care of”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/monduro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at MondurO Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room, adorned with a balcony, boasts air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower and slippers, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and refreshing. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, highlighting the homestay's commitment to a hassle-free experience.

For those seeking leisure within the premises, the hotel's bar offers a cozy spot to unwind after a day of exploration. The location of MondurO Hotel serves as an ideal base for discovering the area's attractions. The Rock of Kavaje is a mere 7.2 km away, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty of the region, while the historical significance of the area is underscored by the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 38 km away.

Situated 38 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the cultural and natural wonders of the area. Moreover, the convenience of being just 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal of MondurO Hotel as a choice destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Durrës.