---\ntitle: "Monel Hotel"\ndescription: "Monel Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465525071.jpg?k=e57277cdf87018e8061291f49e9d3de4a91ec38fe88b41c105cadd1658b35d8f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: monel-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Derveni 9706, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76439771\n  lng: 19.99987503\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 232\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465525071.jpg?k=e57277cdf87018e8061291f49e9d3de4a91ec38fe88b41c105cadd1658b35d8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461049967.jpg?k=078fce3549ee774a80b328c14c92c89215e5227e42db444f7355115ca1940d46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461050082.jpg?k=b04bf7cd0016892236bf4ccf4d4d976228cbb2567aa2abb7922b3d878c8fe41f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461049937.jpg?k=8276d2a88ce5fbba647dbc3ee198ef8f983404e40e118c8f852e484d025f9264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476531522.jpg?k=13fa919a20e027e08e028cac303b6acfaac58e143c4304bc2a1e872566d81b68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461049919.jpg?k=3de1901ec3f66ca34884b6d726b426a97b287edda4c6f825e221d0ac696bd4e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464926722.jpg?k=6a6fddf31c616db871875754673f3ee3541a73213e55acfd69d484687323e5a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461050045.jpg?k=f5edf94b987b3df6bdc2316ea8820fa6a044fb6b16980b4dcdbfd2099d570844&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476531524.jpg?k=058847dae655c92ea01e6d1ceffdcc2e8b49d638498187b0e8809a18c3a0a0df&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 150 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 500 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Veronica"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The room was very clean, the breakfast was amazing and the guy in the reception was very friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Aia"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Very satisfied with the hotel. pleasant and friendly staff, the hotel was very clean, everything was exactly as described.
nice roof terrace where you can enjoy breakfast.
definitely recommend!”"\n  - name: "Stephen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent staff...Excellent location (quite)
Spotlessly clean....Best breakfast on our trip ...so far....
Brilliant 👏 👏”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/monel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Monel Hotel are greeted with thoughtfully designed rooms that boast not only the comfort of air conditioning and ample storage but also the modernity of flat-screen TVs and private bathrooms. Each room is an oasis of tranquility, offering bed linen, towels, and the added charm of a balcony or patio, where guests can soak in either the majestic mountain vistas or the lively city panorama. For those who prefer a dip with a view, select accommodations also feature pool views.

Mornings at Monel Hotel start on a high note with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to Lori Beach, merely 700 meters away, and the historical Butrint National Park, located 2.8 km from the premises, positions it as an ideal base for guests eager to discover the natural and cultural treasures of the area.

For international travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Corfu International Airport, 92 km away, adds to the seamless experience Monel Hotel strives to offer its guests. With a commitment to exceptional service, evidenced by a 24-hour front desk and luggage storage facilities, Monel Hotel stands out as a premier destination for those seeking an unforgettable stay in Ksamil.