---\ntitle: "Mono Boutique Apartments"\ndescription: "Mono Boutique Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the comfort of home with the luxury of boutique accommodations, all within the vibrant heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489745214.jpg?k=fd4e0e5314fa890f159ed7308f3c96a7220457bb48c2521f3b21ebfb50d436f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mono-boutique-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Myzeqari, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33342051\n  lng: 19.8135271\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489745214.jpg?k=fd4e0e5314fa890f159ed7308f3c96a7220457bb48c2521f3b21ebfb50d436f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489768086.jpg?k=ccb4e1425077f9e56492cafa7f6a5d6a6d31d643ef981aecf2646e5d9f883bce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489767970.jpg?k=6e57cb5806167e36f86c3554c0b4f952645cd9c27a19474eefe45a1cd36d63a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489768102.jpg?k=b7871c67b92c858a45115239b923ab70a25eb238da838a57b23dc92e168923e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489768133.jpg?k=5016275b8b2fedef5c29b6c14c37a57edd8dde7903ab5b31e6a9958a1d616ad7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489745207.jpg?k=7788790add1dc646c36e0ba7374d5635d00d21550d7dc026856c18f55a3c202a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon Appetit 100 m"\n  - "Bar Milano 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nika"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“We really liked everything about this apartment. It was very clean and comfortable. The hosts were really nice, they sent some good restaurant recommendations without us even asking, they answered all our answers very quickly and the airport...”"\n  - name: "Heba"\n    country: "Kuwait"\n    text: "“Amazing stay.
Nice host, very helpful, very clean and good cost for money.
Overall, fantastic Will definitely come back to stay there when in Tiran”"\n  - name: "Arif"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Excellent host. Wonderful place. Will always return when in Tirana”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mono-boutique-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Mono Boutique is designed to cater to the discerning guest, featuring balconies that open up to serene garden views, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The kitchenettes are fully equipped with modern appliances including a microwave, toaster, fridge, and stovetop, complemented by a kettle for a warm brew at any time. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet and hairdryer adds to the thoughtful amenities provided. For those who enjoy dining under the sky, an outdoor dining area is available, perfect for savoring meals in the fresh air.

Not just limited to its exquisite rooms, Mono Boutique Apartments also offers leisure facilities such as a barbecue and a garden, inviting guests to unwind in a tranquil setting when the weather is favorable. The convenience of airport transfers and car rental services ensures a hassle-free experience for travelers.

Located near significant cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Museum of History Albania, and House of Leaves, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the rich history and vibrant culture of Tirana. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 13 km away, Mono Boutique Apartments stands as an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers looking for an exceptional stay in Albania's bustling capital.