---\ntitle: "MoonShine Apartament"\ndescription: "MoonShine Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343799828.jpg?k=7779073ef80e6b79bbf45438c47a145b231ef98f82a1a92e1f1ab7edd0db1c7d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: moonshine-apartament\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33265561\n  lng: 19.82271928\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343799828.jpg?k=7779073ef80e6b79bbf45438c47a145b231ef98f82a1a92e1f1ab7edd0db1c7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344378513.jpg?k=1456e4d240fa035d0050a4f9946123be70ce8e19c3a6b889437901c7cc8e8a64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352162765.jpg?k=e4944160481c9cddaa8dbd9fd5cb03757d967625409ca9ed9f0a5ae7a83482e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344010503.jpg?k=cd01c1eb096f6d08fc0c5c7cdcdf3926c3aa0b8f5069987b64d159152bdeb62e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344011305.jpg?k=c579d2085a559e2b8a9e768d3ff5c17a9ff85e08947af17242ff4933ff2b587d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407706257.jpg?k=9cc914bfb91a6aa61167630d5c9e063837db0a4b3e3fcd2a8f86392c4e75264f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344378227.jpg?k=cebc40c767a54bf1824c49be520660e3413411c678f930df781e1ca830c707ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352162865.jpg?k=20e8057e685d5fe3858147502862e56f8c91c72055a271577a3c7c7e0c3a25e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344010982.jpg?k=391768882a80245d2b0c7c86dd2c67820c894433984f85084754b8a32762c03d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344010952.jpg?k=2c624fb06d63555e034bae170370dc9df9b3b804bee914fd4304f4cf62ccabbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447844871.jpg?k=753b559957ff6b56269687fbefe558c326b2aed336429aefa776effe8e767a0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344176865.jpg?k=21e8abaeceb49a88402e022e108a5e2b1f5342935473001922bdbc761d7dde43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (87 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Observator 20 m"\n  - "Shija e Zgares 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Charalampos"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“The appartment is five minutes walk from the Skenderbeg square and the owner very kind and helpfull.”"\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“I wish I could give our apartment and our host more than 5 stars -- this place is perfect, so much so that I am already starting to feel homesick at the prospect of leaving (we extended our stay by a week as we loved the apartment and the...”"\n  - name: "Alan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“From the reservation to the moment we checked out, everything was perfect. He took care of me even though I went late. He explained everything one by one. He even answered my non-house related questions and tried to be helpful. A very kind,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/best-in-town-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers captivating views of the cityscape. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet adds a touch of convenience to the living experience.

Guests of MoonShine Apartment are treated to little luxuries that make a big difference in their stay, including the option to unwind with wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies. The provision of bed linen, towels, and a laundry service underscores the apartment's commitment to guest comfort.

For those who need essentials on the go, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex is a thoughtful touch. Moreover, the property facilitates exploration and discovery, with sightseeing tours readily available to unveil the city's rich tapestry of attractions.

Noteworthy nearby landmarks include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, each contributing to the cultural immersion of the guests. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, making MoonShine Apartment an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.

With its combination of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful extras, MoonShine Apartment is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant heart of Tirana.