---\ntitle: "Mosaic Home"\ndescription: "Mosaic Home stands out as a vibrant hub for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and local culture in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190315588.jpg?k=46970fd8e4d6b472bde46b668b464794fdac3da47fe089592f7f76dea86da740&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mosaic-home\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Pitarka 8, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32507403\n  lng: 19.80486366\nprice: "US$11"\npriceFrom: 11\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2175\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190315588.jpg?k=46970fd8e4d6b472bde46b668b464794fdac3da47fe089592f7f76dea86da740&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190311322.jpg?k=e67e08ff917b6a4f1d84547ebfa77ebf33a2f4c465ad9eb81128ec4ebcc4dc36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193997808.jpg?k=7c26188182e0325c73dc86223f4f9e7183483277b40100b461708dab349c26e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193997800.jpg?k=2b0f0fe0c9e592d79637fdd75f3d23626546f23cae5a183fe47cae84bbd7dcb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193997824.jpg?k=394842c538746f3c592801975d52a578a6e2b6133cdd67b78a9dbcf4d42dc1db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190312242.jpg?k=80d9caa73e1189c087be1455eb59d8198ba91802afcb3f052dd7ee38fa924dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334770469.jpg?k=dfa1e49ab2623f8d79a882bf24b4c5a41663d0bdbe4881f8bedd50f3a5afbb51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190303993.jpg?k=5b01b9e184c81e145a0616301de6eaf775e12833480a061fe133777eb9a142a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/203228321.jpg?k=11edc4518e66ea0a7d7eacabd5abfc9c94d4c38f069a09cf4ca6f230439ecae7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 10-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Single Bed in Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gravity 50 m"\n  - "Mulliri i Vjeter 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jessika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“staff was super friendly and helpful. the room itself was good for the price we paid, the building and common areas are really pretty. location is great, nice walk to the centre. small breakfast and a coffee included”"\n  - name: "Catia"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Close to the main square about 10-15m walk, good vibe, nice breakfast, friendly staff, always helpful whether calling taxis, printing bus tickets or keeping luggage.”"\n  - name: "Isabella"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“So far on my travels one of the best hostels! For this price it is a very good offer. They clean on a daily basis, the rooms are comfortable, there is enough space outside and inside to lounge and the breakfast serves freshly made egg and pastry...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mosaic-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nStrategically located within walking distance of Tirana's most iconic landmarks, Mosaic Home is merely 1.5 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, a stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha at 1.7 km, and closely situated to the intriguing House of Leaves, just 1.2 km away. This prime location makes it an ideal base for explorers eager to uncover the city's rich history and vibrant street life.

Accommodations at Mosaic Home are thoughtfully designed to ensure guests' comfort and convenience. Each guest room is equipped with a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Select rooms boast stunning city views and come with a patio, offering a serene retreat amidst the urban excitement. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen in all units.

The hostel takes pride in its à la carte breakfast, promising a delightful start to the day with a variety of choices to suit every palate. Evening entertainment and a shared kitchen facility add to the communal vibe, encouraging guests to mingle and share stories of their adventures.

For those looking to explore Tirana and its surroundings, Mosaic Home facilitates this with bike and car hire services, making it easy to venture beyond the immediate area. The hostel's proximity to popular attractions such as Rinia Park, the historic Clock Tower Tirana, and the beautiful Et'hem Bey Mosque enriches the stay experience, offering a deep dive into the local culture and heritage.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mosaic Home also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure for international guests. This combination of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and a warm, welcoming atmosphere makes Mosaic Home a top choice for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana.