---\ntitle: "Mountain Meets Sea-Spectacular View in Orikum Apartment"\ndescription: "Mountain Meets Sea-Spectacular View in Orikum Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of mountain tranquility and sea breeze."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449300220.jpg?k=955c5a012e8ebf744db25e7baac8699e27b38527fb1ade81bed3403476a8b088&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mountain-meets-sea-spectacular-view-in-orikum-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Orikum, Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32569235\n  lng: 19.47225291\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449300220.jpg?k=955c5a012e8ebf744db25e7baac8699e27b38527fb1ade81bed3403476a8b088&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449612556.jpg?k=af7f01a403205fb27a2786148f54971fda24027c8e76a56b8dce5a519bb179cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449612530.jpg?k=99b35ad830b67baacb74d57db89f1871273086d2c20e1864d13c99c52b340124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449612543.jpg?k=dfd86ffe64de70a9987c52e45afd04260327c621be5343b6f00c09318afd0a22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449612546.jpg?k=d44ffb453f22e4c1d38a7178a7d9e0626115f841024b5a2ba97cb46e88eafe17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449612880.jpg?k=bd81062129098db329838e002aa410125c1c72506bbaf21a5a892af23795f98b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mats Beach Bar and Cafe 100 m"\n  - "Las Bello 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 3.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arben"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Wonderful time there , this apartment had it all .”"\n  - name: "Barbora"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice and clean apartement in the centre of Orikum. We spend more than a week and had really lovely time. The owners were very kind and helpfull. All went just great! I recommend very much.”"\n  - name: "Artur"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Well equipped apartment.
Beach in Orikum was very good, the place itself is nothing special.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mountain-meets-sea-spectacular-view-in-orikum-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations are thoughtfully designed with families in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that promise comfort in every corner. Guests are treated to a plethora of amenities including a terrace that boasts stunning sea views, a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, ensures that home-cooked meals are never off the menu, while the private bathroom with a bidet and hairdryer adds an extra layer of convenience. The cherry on top is the balcony, available in all units, offering outdoor furniture set against the backdrop of captivating city views.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For those looking to venture beyond, Independence Square awaits at a distance of 19 km, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history.

Situated 168 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Mountain Meets Sea-Spectacular View in Orikum Apartment stands out as an accessible retreat that promises a memorable stay for those looking to enjoy the best of both worlds: the peaceful embrace of the mountains and the refreshing touch of the sea.