---\ntitle: "Mucobega Hotel"\ndescription: "Mucobega Hotel stands out as a prime destination for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the picturesque town of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482833619.jpg?k=f97e7f4e7837d7fcd1d8036a89eccee6fbc6833c2e0175ff2759c977ed280e63&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mucobega-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Idriz Alidhima Lgj. 4 (Baba Rexhepi), 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87670764\n  lng: 19.98180941\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 182\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482833619.jpg?k=f97e7f4e7837d7fcd1d8036a89eccee6fbc6833c2e0175ff2759c977ed280e63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254974412.jpg?k=7bd27df385773c0ac2f316ede9dea75ec4485c21df96ae3b012c32f319624290&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309688054.jpg?k=2ce339a5658684cec8ffca307f9c9df88ba5e185d3c2092170f30591747f2bdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309349550.jpg?k=65c6d6c1be65bb4d1f910b4898528f1aac4cdff71285b76c5a052e891b7526c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301382218.jpg?k=6bfc83b0ca9e5e10717bcb00b3ef0c9dd5ec11b71777014897e5a0fdd0cf7480&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482833875.jpg?k=58ee91c8740bd178573b09999242510c9de8c7d1de65024c9ff534a53603326a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254974409.jpg?k=5bff253e0dd49fd66bea949c02d773c24a526bd44eb25c9bc0a1737e331baed8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/254974372.jpg?k=630a4a59ae112fadd5ea56b949c96339834c010f3c2806faee616ba2d686f3ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482833886.jpg?k=84c5f9b98677df3b4e1f253a296ec4c6e04af9d6091270b274e1d7f162e90aa7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Siro Beach 200 m"\n  - "Leos Grill House 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 10 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 950 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 3.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nicola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The view from balcony was amazing looking down onto the hotel's private beach. Sunbeds are free for hotel residence to use. The beach bar has a nice relaxing atmosphere. I loved the fire on the beach at night where we had cocktails and pizza.”"\n  - name: "Adna"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The entire staff was very friendly. Breakfast was really good. The beach is small but very clean.”"\n  - name: "Zhamoani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff was great. Very communicative and cheerful. Made our stay brilliant. The rooms were very clean. Everybody accomodated every our request. We have a small child and everybody made our stay wonderful. Will definitely return.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mucobega-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Mucobega Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms each with its own balcony. The in-room amenities include a flat-screen cable TV, a desk, and a fridge for personal convenience. The en-suite bathrooms, equipped with showers and hairdryers, also provide complimentary toiletries. Guests are treated to stunning sea views from every room, adding to the serene ambiance of the hotel.

Beyond the beach, Mucobega Hotel offers a variety of facilities to enhance the stay of its guests. The on-site restaurant serves a selection of dishes in a welcoming atmosphere, while the garden and terrace offer peaceful retreats. Families will appreciate the children's playground, and the shared lounge provides a comfortable space for relaxation. For those looking to explore the area, the hotel can arrange various day trips and excursions.

Situated just 10 km from the historic Lekursi Castle, which offers panoramic views of Sarandë, and 20 km from the UNESCO-protected city of Butrint and the Butrint National Park, the hotel serves as an ideal base for cultural exploration. Additionally, the center of Sarandë and the Sarandë Ferry Port, offering connections to Corfu Island, are merely 2.5 km away, with the Main Bus Station located 3 km from the hotel. With free private parking on site, Mucobega Hotel ensures a hassle-free stay for those traveling by car.

Mucobega Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers who value the blend of serene beachfront living with the convenience of easy access to local attractions and amenities.