---\ntitle: "Muko's Apartments"\ndescription: "Muko's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in their accommodation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478374539.jpg?k=d53d70f0bc3078e7910a6ddb82f53651b020f369af0383879a760ef06d685046&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: muko-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Doktor Vasil Jorgji, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08243321\n  lng: 20.14393593\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 47\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478374539.jpg?k=d53d70f0bc3078e7910a6ddb82f53651b020f369af0383879a760ef06d685046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478374862.jpg?k=4bd0f12f7630993e1dce0b8090ed5ec7fd7fcebbe6787b8c5b81364b57843829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478374913.jpg?k=7470a79310b6ef778ebcc128b51212121774ae0a46ba098eac0470677d57911e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478369837.jpg?k=8b65a11c7bcd95c7e545ac72b2ba95886fb17f520629f804ab42be0913b26926&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478375063.jpg?k=e10ddf7d8a3a023617df7a0150fa694a68e0d020f6ee400fe8aa74ef2e959555&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478383087.jpg?k=106dc7b6c0b15d7e438970bcd54d5011d7546f421c2ea544b308f22fd6cc5379&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tribeca 40 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Megusta 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Masako"\n    country: "Japan"\n    text: "“My request was perfectly accepted not only baggage leaving but also early check-in.
Host (may be supermarket- downstairs owner?) came out from the supermarket before arriving the spot, this is the best welcome for guests.
So nice interior,...”"\n  - name: "Diaconescu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It was the best appartement in the 25-30 EUR price range we had in our 6 days stay in Albania. Plenty of space, good conditions, close to market, bakery and restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Luca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is fully and beautifully furnished. We enjoyed the sofa and the TV a lot during the breaks from our excusions.
Also the bedrooms and bathroom are very comfortable.
The position is convenient if you have a car.
The check-in couldn't...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mukos-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Air conditioning ensures a comfortable environment regardless of the weather, while complimentary private parking and WiFi address the practical needs of modern travelers. The apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design, featuring terraces that present breathtaking mountain vistas. Inside, a flat-screen TV, a well-equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom with a shower await, alongside a wardrobe for personal storage.

For those looking to stock up on essentials or prepare a home-cooked meal, a supermarket is conveniently located near the property. Additionally, Muko's Apartments is positioned 82 km from Ioannina Airport, making it an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, Muko's Apartments stands out as a top accommodation choice for those exploring the area.