---\ntitle: "Mussels apartments"\ndescription: "Mussels Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Ksamil, boasting a strategic location that places guests within arm's reach of the pristine Ksamil Beach, the vibrant Bora Bora Beach, and the secluded Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127815846.jpg?k=fa6ddcbc8ac6960f0608a42afe68966a0071c41ea70be05029be9959765ed4e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mussels-apartments\naddress: "rruga kristal lagjia nr.1, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.770299\n  lng: 20.008103\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127815846.jpg?k=fa6ddcbc8ac6960f0608a42afe68966a0071c41ea70be05029be9959765ed4e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380039565.jpg?k=73d94e9036c6347045bec924b45de100ef88476dd9cb9986fcbf1d2a49c0aa21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380039589.jpg?k=96bb6a920a60d39ed1d0940b349c5acab735175d12d83ac7d1a419095199d64d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380039508.jpg?k=b0c60deab3593c5996cc669394c09de449a7fbf7fd4a05614e30b7fedb817e31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380039542.jpg?k=555ff851f2c63850536a956bafb8a3b524b8d6534c92eb20114b3be617813d78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380039705.jpg?k=287a545763b977ff780981568edf52ea5164e85da088641e13448e63a178eff2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380111701.jpg?k=fec21a90cb48420a7930095c3129bc39d622c102cc0745f1009f07f7d32e8383&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380112047.jpg?k=f08c544691fc6a1b02778099aac9f5831cb9eb21959029c6d663309c301f51a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382512876.jpg?k=15d956c074522e07ab24b41fe2c7c1e4e21ebd8f56ae58fabc1fb5bfbde2406c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 850 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joseph"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Spotless, spacious, well equipped. We had a brilliant time at the apartment, they have created a wonderful place to stay and I want to wish them all the best.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Our stay in Mussels apartments was wonderful. Nela and her mum made sure we had everything we needed throughout our stay. When we arrived there was a small problem with the bathroom handwasher and they immediately fixed it. The location is great....”"\n  - name: "Vira"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very good and hospitable owners,good location,excellent terrace and garden,clean and good equipment”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mussels-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this distinguished complex is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring tiled floors that lead to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, and a cozy dining area. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV in a living space that opens up to a private balcony, offering an intimate outdoor experience. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with either a bath or shower, alongside a hairdryer for added convenience. Select units elevate the experience further with captivating lake views, while essentials such as air conditioning and ample wardrobe space are standard across all accommodations.

Beyond the confines of these inviting apartments, guests are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The sun terrace invites leisurely afternoons basking in the warmth, while the children's playground and barbecue area promise delightful moments for families. The provision of a 24-hour front desk and the ubiquity of free WiFi throughout the property underscore Mussels Apartments' commitment to guest satisfaction and connectivity.

Situated merely 1.1 km from the allure of Ksamil Beach 7 and a short drive from the natural wonders of Butrint National Park, 3.1 km away, this apartment complex stands as an ideal base for explorers. Moreover, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, 93 km away, ensures seamless travel arrangements for international guests. Mussels Apartments, with its harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and natural beauty, secures its place as a top recommendation for those venturing to Ksamil.