---\ntitle: "Mustafaraj Apartments Ksamil"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Mustafaraj Apartments Ksamil, a serene oasis located just a stone's throw from the pristine beaches of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/31673201.jpg?k=46a1275e1c9da7b588c3e36b03cd8b7b4178d129eaa21f393b370dc36e908fd6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: mustafaraj-apartments-ksamil\naddress: "Ksamil, 1000 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76847043\n  lng: 19.99847551\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 260\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/31673201.jpg?k=46a1275e1c9da7b588c3e36b03cd8b7b4178d129eaa21f393b370dc36e908fd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354039577.jpg?k=414eecc1b2757d40d2263abce3a22327f3d8986af39fdd902a58d1468ac6834e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354040731.jpg?k=39092d22d54ea34174fba9f72b08cfce14199dee6396a08d00a0e75054d656f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354040004.jpg?k=84852ffd5b0e3396513f02e7affa4abd0a1578e3fcb8caaaba3c68ddced63d9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354040916.jpg?k=02908f1ea6ee5d527bd79937917226138fafe18eea0718e5ce89e7eb46d93cdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354039486.jpg?k=9b92c04713b2adbb694e2ca06d6461bc5cab1be0b4560404fa70b3718f1ebfda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354041240.jpg?k=43634688cf99691583a2d6cf68767abb0825f8ff07d2fb0a228b4bbe8363973d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354052715.jpg?k=da43926cdd20b744365c6e9a94dfe09d6c8391d50437607090e17ea8036bc1c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354052645.jpg?k=00707f8da86449a5c0c9e25e6c9520b006e7f250429887f3a56405aee8e5d953&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Freskia e Jonit 100 m"\n  - "Beach Bar \Bella Vista\\"\" 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 3 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 300 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 350 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amberley"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“wonderful location and hosts - couldn’t recommend enough! We will be back.”"\n  - name: "Adrienne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautiful terrace overlooking the beach. Clean and comfortable and the owners were so kind and generous. We didn’t want to leave!”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This property is amazing. We couldn’t believe how good our location was. You are literally just off the beach, location is one of a kind. We were also really impressed by the terrace sizes and general aesthetic. I can’t believe this property is as...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-edge-house-apartment-in-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments boast stunning views of the Ionian Sea and the distant shores of Corfu, setting the scene for a tranquil escape. With kitchen facilities and private bathrooms in every unit, guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The addition of shared barbecue facilities encourages a sense of community and offers a delightful option for dining al fresco.

Just a brief walk away, visitors will find a selection of restaurants, bars, and grocery stores, ensuring convenience is always at hand. The heart of Ksamil village, with its quaint bus stop offering routes to Sarandë, is merely 200 metres from the apartments, making exploration a breeze.

For those intrigued by history and culture, the renowned archaeological site of Butrint is less than 5 km away, promising an enriching excursion. Meanwhile, the vibrant city of Sarandë, located 15 km from the apartments, presents a perfect opportunity for day trips and experiencing the local lifestyle.

Mustafaraj Apartments Ksamil stands out as a peaceful haven amidst lush surroundings, offering both the tranquility of the seaside and the allure of nearby attractions. It's an ideal choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of relaxation and adventure.