---\ntitle: "My Apartments Durres"\ndescription: "My Apartments Durres emerges as a modern oasis just 500 meters from the inviting shores of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300499019.jpg?k=bd21b4496682d7323b2116bb96b00888ab0619628fbb7ca2cf2119750a3b27ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: my-apartments-durres\naddress: "Rruga Apulia Plazh Lagja 13, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30027852\n  lng: 19.50233102\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 122\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300499019.jpg?k=bd21b4496682d7323b2116bb96b00888ab0619628fbb7ca2cf2119750a3b27ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299609566.jpg?k=b5f21e9ef29abf2bd8a1f3ba7e7003aa3ac07f2b4800857b281948df45ff9840&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494645018.jpg?k=461dccb8736e1cde391062f320186b1bb58b7d9df8799168bc6d5179dccb4e4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494644811.jpg?k=ccc843764f843f8c1fc73e10f1570676be3324a424e61047207bb31a43b67277&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485243954.jpg?k=d3b6a94b0dadb3c8dfcf80fc667b6937defad7bf15522af6d9192ccd2fed6596&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255914191.jpg?k=4b93dd83d4b2d5221d6cdc3e21f6ac6d3d7275b1c1b3fdb587533d4d35a56ec4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 3 Vellezerit 100 m"\n  - "Brendon 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Frank"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Absolutely the best bang for buck apartment I have ever stayed in, only 500 metres to the beach, the bus to town is only around the corner.Sabrina the owner is just a wonderful caring human being, I loved the place so much that I stayed an extra...”"\n  - name: "Frunza"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The host the old lady is great, the room is big and clean, , everything was perfect”"\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The stay at Mrs. Sabine's place was very pleasant. The apartment was perfectly clean and well equipped. There are many restaurants in the area and the beaches are within walking distance. Mrs. Sabine is an incredibly nice host who creates an...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/dhoma-dhe-garsonjere.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at My Apartments Durres is thoughtfully designed with a desk, ensuring comfort for both leisure and business visitors. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bath and hair dryer, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. For those desiring to flex their culinary muscles, certain rooms feature a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven. Comfort is further assured with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all units.

Beyond the confines of its stylish apartments, My Apartments Durres invites guests to engage in leisurely pursuits. Table tennis facilities promise friendly competition, while the availability of car hire services opens up the possibility of exploring Durrës and beyond. The aparthotel's outdoor fireplace and picnic area offer idyllic settings for relaxation and socializing.

Situated a mere 2.4 km from the picturesque Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and 40 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, My Apartments Durres serves as an ideal base for exploring the region's attractions. For international travelers, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 34 km away, ensuring a seamless arrival and departure experience.