---\ntitle: "My Apartments Tirane"\ndescription: "My Apartments Tirane emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432535758.jpg?k=932ce60f525df49f1861e9824dff1ee3bc2002d8a25e3c458a176c747db0ecc3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: my-apartments-tirane\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Tukiqi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32865417\n  lng: 19.81346659\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 116\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432535758.jpg?k=932ce60f525df49f1861e9824dff1ee3bc2002d8a25e3c458a176c747db0ecc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495272667.jpg?k=54e94a1fe0758058acc5c74a799c361f060576e1e17aeac54bd70f7ad33a8b5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471870478.jpg?k=b806dcf42b8be2059c24cfdbabf7dce220ec2d400ee7a77b47d8fd95bd5e8543&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471870608.jpg?k=93688eddbfbceaf092d7680680eb0aa5aebe48474d806de933fbf73e0ff27b7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504660535.jpg?k=17824540acabc22ed1bc15cf9a748600ef83474e2c2af458f954492f352b9e19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495273002.jpg?k=cab4c912c60a8d1eda395b583b10b3602665790083d46af2d723c15e87c41c60&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (58 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Gusto Bistro 2 m"\n  - "Kodrina & Bar 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pam"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Apartment in the centre with everything you need. Icy cold air con, WiFi, good views, comfortable bed, smart tv which we were able to use our Netflix on, and close to plenty of restaurants. And a washing machine! Basic kitchenette which we used...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything was good, I especially liked the exclusivity of the apartment, the whole floor is only accessible by guests, staff professional and friendly, location is perfect for most things, restaurants, cafes, bars and places of interest, recommnded”"\n  - name: "Simona"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The staff is very friendly. The room is new and clean, with a city view! The location is good, close to the main square. There is a kettle with free tea/coffee and water in the fridge. Very recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-apartment-at-center-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at My Apartments Tirane are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs, and complimentary WiFi across all units. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a kettle, private bathroom, and the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen and towels in each apartment. Select units elevate the guest experience further, boasting balconies with serene garden or majestic mountain views, allowing visitors to fully immerse themselves in the beauty of Tirana.

Culinary needs are well catered to, with a daily breakfast offering a choice of continental, Italian, or vegetarian options. The on-site snack bar and bar present guests with convenient dining and relaxation options, while those looking to explore local flavors will find a variety of dining establishments in close proximity to the apartments.

For guests looking to explore Tirana and its surroundings, My Apartments Tirane facilitates this with an available car rental service, ensuring that the city's must-visit attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the House of Leaves are easily accessible. The property's location also offers the advantage of being a mere 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it a strategic choice for both short and extended stays in the city.

In summary, My Apartments Tirane stands out as a prime accommodation option for those seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and security, all while being strategically located to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana.