---\ntitle: "My Guest Base"\ndescription: "My Guest Base stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511573943.jpg?k=3bca3046d8bbee50b3cb41dbdead23870cb50f5162073cef5ba2451489ac5af8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: my-guest-base\naddress: "Rruga Henrik Lacaj, 1050 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33268409\n  lng: 19.78125975\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511573943.jpg?k=3bca3046d8bbee50b3cb41dbdead23870cb50f5162073cef5ba2451489ac5af8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504482250.jpg?k=e339b3bf11a906cad8c8bf5c6886b414f4729a1852d19ee17baf1a2b3460bc0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499758155.jpg?k=4b7e58efa092abe3acc2fb512f468f61ae8b37b8803306b65d4fe43857da1a10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499758159.jpg?k=3101c33d8be2f91644b499213db1aff6ea7cc13b89e4213560b98799d203e097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511573942.jpg?k=5414ea4d8be9e4c4ec714e0ad16c7911d92c5efbe5514a0cb596a3229c7bda6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511574926.jpg?k=953cbe7a3d06073d626f090f2d84706cf4f6347835987e7cd760e2750b9104c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499758146.jpg?k=d2f52609a7ebdf572acf3400c85240870e82247b51ece41053dc24853877ca9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499758153.jpg?k=1ed14e819fbf7f7e3e61147b33503656ab192f722dc8138957366465f2aca4a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527954016.jpg?k=54ecff314a559490065e6b20e8fe6a9e807e3a74b8f3b647ca54e7fa03ba1860&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Biss 30 m"\n  - "Triangolo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 100 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sonny"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was excellent; clean and comfortable abd everything you needed was in it. Location was perfect so you can have easy access to the center, main road and airport. Staff was high class in everything and very helpful”"\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This apartment was so lovely and comfortable , was a pleasure to spend a weekend here , I had everything that a house needs ! The neighbourhood was so busy and full with activity! I will definitely come back here !”"\n  - name: "Sergio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento bello e accogliente,ma soprattutto super pulito”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/my-guest-base.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a serene balcony view of a quiet street. The apartment is well-appointed with a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a toaster for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds to the convenience and comfort of the stay.

The property doesn't just cater to the needs of adults; families with children will appreciate the outdoor play equipment designed to keep the little ones engaged. For those who relish a good cup of coffee or need to pick up some essentials, there's a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site, adding to the ease of your stay.

Situated 41 km from the Rock of Kavaje and just 4.2 km from the House of Leaves, My Guest Base offers an excellent base for exploring the local attractions. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is only 12 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible for guests.

In summary, My Guest Base presents a compelling option for travelers who value a mix of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful facilities, ensuring a memorable stay in the heart of Tirana.