---\ntitle: "My Home - Entire house in the center of Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at \"My Home,\" a captivating apartment located merely steps away from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663007.jpg?k=680532a479b50bbe6c2c72b75b98b06c38b0bc0f9956967837c220484bcf2e86&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: my-home-entire-house-in-the-center-of-tirana\naddress: "21 Rruga Myrtezim Këlliçi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32816432\n  lng: 19.82382779\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663007.jpg?k=680532a479b50bbe6c2c72b75b98b06c38b0bc0f9956967837c220484bcf2e86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663148.jpg?k=6aca95af7e6e9e4fd249c979ddd9a4d0ded6fd08e271342b3bdcf688d42d7385&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663129.jpg?k=6f3886a6a251a76fc9f5200a40bf4a7b7ec526b5e73a76cc0ae8e7750c7e6f00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663083.jpg?k=f50349e65b934e3e3668d5547296ed21a974a86229ff58a31c22d94e9453e6b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663076.jpg?k=aeaee58088105eb3fd787fb5de64d1774f931c775dd5213684d5a3f41c649c15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663141.jpg?k=4aea35e9e919b0b227793988c30d3fe2f876598176b7943f36c01715821b8037&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663146.jpg?k=8d79b3e1bbc3d4a64b188e3dbc777202d2a48efac3b85cb78124ff148d125721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663110.jpg?k=188c97b7658edc37518ac335b22c4b6c38113614f555a67eadfb5a0b22014219&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354663085.jpg?k=2d9e700369be9c655839277f4c138a8da897cc7d454a3400510eb63f4e3a5198&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lot 20 m"\n  - "Rruga Myrtezim 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Brenda"\n    country: "Puerto Rico"\n    text: "“Communication is amazing, is well located in the center”"\n  - name: "Erik"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Cosy place
So comfortable bed
One nice open space
Location in the city center just few meters from shoping center”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“convenient central location and only a short walk from airport bus. Shops / cafes and local buses all close by. Near a print shop for airport boarding pass. The house was comfortable and quiet.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/my-home-entire-house-in-the-center-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n"My Home" is not just about its enviable location; it's a haven of comfort and convenience. The apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of every guest, including those with disabilities, ensuring a welcoming and inclusive atmosphere. With free WiFi and air conditioning, guests are guaranteed a stay marked by ease and connectivity.

The living space in this one-bedroom apartment is a blend of modernity and homeliness, featuring a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with a microwave and fridge, alongside all the essentials needed to whip up a meal. The bathroom is a modern sanctuary with a walk-in shower, complemented by the provision of towels and bed linen, adding to the comfort of the stay.

Privacy is a priority at "My Home," with a private entrance that ensures guests can enjoy their stay without intrusion. Additionally, the convenience of having a minimarket within the apartment complex cannot be overstated, allowing for easy access to necessities.

For those looking to explore, the apartment is a stone's throw away from significant cultural landmarks including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, Tanners' Bridge, and the Clock Tower of Tirana. Shopping enthusiasts and art lovers will also find themselves at an advantage, with the Toptani Shopping Centre and National Gallery of Arts Tirana nearby.

For travelers flying into Tirana, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 14 km away, with the apartment offering a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless transition to comfort and relaxation.

"My Home" stands out as a perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the culture and beauty of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a home away from home.