---\ntitle: "MyKsamil Apartments"\ndescription: "MyKsamil Apartments emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, merely 600 meters from the inviting pebbly shores."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71059441.jpg?k=995d79db9d644fe0b4bf1c261284476b56b169ac89a8e7bca9d300c7e1e60252&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: myksamil-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Bogova 19, 9701 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77614069\n  lng: 20.00856243\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/71059441.jpg?k=995d79db9d644fe0b4bf1c261284476b56b169ac89a8e7bca9d300c7e1e60252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477085312.jpg?k=02c479f9d081637f23b930e8cbb1d21c38a074d0b8dab9dc3ffdc06471ab54f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477085339.jpg?k=75c6892c766d4ff0d5440ea6cb9be23cf0ef12a71befc81912bd9d35b078fb14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477083401.jpg?k=c9b2cb2711a9482510acce6a8da6a4fbf520434541469750948bccef2911148d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477096058.jpg?k=fd4cf607582f906a3960a68f47de57bd9dabef65505e83c02d4754e839ed67e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477089044.jpg?k=4163c4fffc02d84fb4f12a2fecb5ba2fd38440b5a609710b173c8eb2f0fcc799&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137409539.jpg?k=51967c3f7b07a260696d52dad1afebb7680f342c931af4383021a85fb019c82f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477083284.jpg?k=c023de87d7b1f1a168c01a5cc10ac3044d1d483d0154f2af53f9cec53bf40a58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137409567.jpg?k=14b10a73692112e4866ce7d35ff77f9551d51d108dfbefb1695c4df7b24396c5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vela Snack Bar Cafe 50 m"\n  - "Bianco Bar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 950 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Magdamazurek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing host , very clean, quiet area, close to Centre”"\n  - name: "Dominik"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Lovely place, the hosts were super nice, all you need is few minutes by foot from the apartman. Apartman is really spacious, totally recommend”"\n  - name: "Sabina"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Good location . Comfortable bed . Nice owners. Wi-fi works perfect. Was very comfortable stay”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/myksamil-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at MyKsamil Apartments are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring flat-screen satellite TVs for entertainment. Select units elevate the living experience with cozy seating areas adorned with sofas, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area in each unit allows guests the freedom to craft their meals, adding a touch of home. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with most units offering private bathrooms equipped with showers, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay.

The allure of MyKsamil Apartments is further enhanced by its outdoor offerings. Guests are invited to revel in the tranquility of the garden or soak up the sun on terraces available in select units, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation or intimate gatherings. The promise of a garden view from every room, coupled with complimentary barbecue facilities, ensures that every moment at MyKsamil Apartments is imbued with the natural beauty of its surroundings.

Situated just 13 km from the vibrant city of Sarande, guests have the convenience of exploring the local area while enjoying the peace and privacy afforded by free private parking on site. MyKsamil Apartments stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of nature's charm.