---\ntitle: "Myslym Shyri's Apartments"\ndescription: "Myslym Shyri's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant city life."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469797622.jpg?k=2d219560f8befa510e4a1ae7ae970304567c3e546d69173290468412b8502bf5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: myslym-shyri-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32488598\n  lng: 19.81298196\nprice: "US$77"\npriceFrom: 77\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469797622.jpg?k=2d219560f8befa510e4a1ae7ae970304567c3e546d69173290468412b8502bf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420745271.jpg?k=73a2f714d6dd86e52b3dd65a97702c19dde985d1c9e5e93823994af6c10be57c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469797675.jpg?k=3ed06dde7ec6d8534a1630ce99c5e68141ff3d92f998d6da5952ff726335a58a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469797617.jpg?k=2ff03ce7e6e03ddf5f98129fb4b4abd0c38b599013c932c15ce60f57b03a874a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469797647.jpg?k=49475b56667c1f9dcbb84670175080d072e6c4e3f2d2a43c8742b3426f199f1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420745236.jpg?k=cd05bd178392b41bb0545f032fd145e9810192e3ac9f7219651c8032b480665f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mulliri I Vjeter 20 m"\n  - "New Top Snack 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“It was very comfortable and the position was excellent”"\n  - name: "Adrian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“GReat communication. Quick reaction time. Very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Boglárka"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“you are gonna be welcomed by a friendly and great host. the apartment is located in city centre, on a busy avenue full of shops and cafes. super clean, well-equiped, so perfect value for its price.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-apartments-choose-balkans1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment in this collection boasts complimentary WiFi access, ensuring connectivity is never an issue for guests. The variety in accommodations caters to diverse needs and preferences, with select units featuring balconies, cozy seating areas, and televisions for entertainment. For those who prefer dining in, options with dining areas, refrigerators, and dining tables are available, and some units even include a well-equipped kitchenette for a more home-like experience. The convenience of private bathrooms equipped with showers, complimentary toiletries, and towels adds to the comfort of the stay.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Arts Gallery, a mere 400 meters away, offering an easy opportunity to immerse in Albania's rich artistic heritage. Similarly, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet is within a short 550-meter stroll, presenting a chance to experience world-class performances. For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Tirana Airport, located 18 km from the apartments, ensures a smooth transition to and from this central accommodation.

Myslym Shyri's Apartments stands out as a versatile option for those looking to explore Tirana, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural accessibility.