---\ntitle: "Myslym Shyri lovely top apartment"\ndescription: "Myslym Shyri Lovely Top Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515889362.jpg?k=11ff12fc9c9eff67b7b6124fa777c6f023246abaae6d83be46d849b944b17c92&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: myslym-shyri-lovely-top-apartment\naddress: "Rr Myslym Shyri, pallati 31/1 ap 18, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32394224\n  lng: 19.81232244\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515889362.jpg?k=11ff12fc9c9eff67b7b6124fa777c6f023246abaae6d83be46d849b944b17c92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362191149.jpg?k=a12baba4aa8406c9c4bdd19886f3b8b4eab9dde5cabb2b2a0f69b37ffdbffb07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362191238.jpg?k=1c798a01aec4fe3050b316d2b3893eaef094f277fe8128381641375e06df0974&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409806487.jpg?k=9439e2290a7759ee64dde21911d51fe63233c54c4c3b29a3b9699cb93d2f91bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455731760.jpg?k=5cdce0420321104de280c48995cfa70eed59015deb1d6ecc595e36225c01a528&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364772172.jpg?k=d92f4327351115410be35f6e2ddcefad47c67156f6eff40fea8cd8e8f82d50b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518434124.jpg?k=b57107d21fe6325c380c0f1837d143fbc55aa3f8eb8f1bdffd5f1d6537f3292e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518434149.jpg?k=4e72291bd596545f00b94b35f6f88b61f129b9abec5eb25a469fb5ee742eda58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406331702.jpg?k=5b2315a5b82e32661f9bf02e9f066a75ee24840ea209b2442aa919a8bee979e6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 30 m"\n  - "100 Shijet e Detit 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aydan"\n    country: "Azerbaijan"\n    text: "“The host is such a sweet person. house super location super house has everything the host helped with everything very nice person”"\n  - name: "Greta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Such a clean and comfy apartment. Very nice and and friendly hosts.”"\n  - name: "Shqipron"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The family is very friendly, very gentle and kind. You feel very welcome.
Die Familie ist sehr freundlich, sehr lieb und herzlich. Man fühlt sich sehr willkommen.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/myslym-shyri-ap.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it also provides a suite of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable stay. Guests will be greeted by a modern, air-conditioned living space that features a cozy bedroom, a well-appointed kitchen, and a living room that opens up to a balcony offering sweeping views of the city. The inclusion of a cable flat-screen TV ensures that entertainment is always at hand, while the convenience of free WiFi keeps guests connected throughout their stay.

For those moments when you're looking for a quick bite or a leisurely drink, the property hosts a snack bar, adding an extra layer of ease to your stay. The 24-hour front desk and the availability of a lift further enhance the guest experience, ensuring that needs are met around the clock with utmost convenience.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Tirana invites exploration with Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation all located nearby. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making Myslym Shyri Lovely Top Apartment a smart choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.