---\ntitle: "N&E Apartment 1 in Durres, Beach."\ndescription: "N&E Apartment 1 in Durres, Beach, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467314.jpg?k=bfc0cb7b77cea4ae4ee0719be85d67a01d993c93394eefb1ddeff1359dd5e093&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: n-e-apartment-1-in-durres-beach\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3040829\n  lng: 19.4958603\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467314.jpg?k=bfc0cb7b77cea4ae4ee0719be85d67a01d993c93394eefb1ddeff1359dd5e093&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478435434.jpg?k=a498ae534c167f2fc05efa0377236ca45e8b264cf84b4fa8c5f4c6d86349598f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467372.jpg?k=54d786257fc6b36b8a45350bd757d5722e2541e90d32871ee68e04613ec05d01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478435173.jpg?k=b7d0435b3dfcd45f23de8c9ce4c94fc38951ea7d580dd1750f87f1e5384ea2d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515081970.jpg?k=67ff7cc794c9ef14800545991f6103a775799cecc3317a9e0bf8e1a6ab9ded01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467406.jpg?k=aad0ab78a028f560de6e54b560a1cf151053b930cfc6ef26aa138b08ad37960e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467376.jpg?k=2a5f3fc8da1af168851bb9ce061303eb3666ca4e4b8ed299d4cfca1cb7294472&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471467402.jpg?k=24f2c98c68275e48df1414fb892e3abb2ceae0949869535ef7603cb901eb8aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478435346.jpg?k=d9871d769a8c1baf7fadff018224114c5ee875b373db3d4a43b17e162ee02a8f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koli 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Gjura 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maksim"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Really good care of the apartment, nice amenities and pleasant communication”"\n  - name: "Kaupa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The Apartment ist realy nice , the Location is good you are very Close to everything .”"\n  - name: "Henk"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Het appartement is zeer ruim, 2 wc’s , 2 slaapkamers, woonkamer net volledig toegeruste keuken en loopafstand tot het strand in een levendige gezellige buurt!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/n-amp-e-apartment-1-in-durres-beach-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment distinguishes itself with its generous space, featuring a balcony that offers a breath of fresh air, two cozy bedrooms for a restful night's sleep, a welcoming living room for relaxation, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a fridge for those who enjoy preparing their meals. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a pleasant stay. Importantly, the entire apartment is a smoke-free zone, catering to the comfort of all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the premises, keeping guests connected with the world or planning their next adventure in Durrës. For convenience, a supermarket is located within easy reach, making grocery runs effortless.

Situated 400 meters from the picturesque Durres Beach, the apartment invites guests to immerse themselves in the local beach culture. Additionally, the property is conveniently located near several key attractions, including the Rock of Kavaje, 4.2 km away, and the historical Durres Amphitheatre, 7.2 km away. For those interested in Albania's history, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the House of Leaves are both within a manageable distance of 39 km.

Travelers will find the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 33 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze. N&E Apartment 1 in Durres, Beach, stands out as a stellar accommodation choice for those looking to explore the enchanting city of Durrës and its captivating coastline.