---\ntitle: "N'Gorice"\ndescription: "N'Gorice emerges as a distinguished four-star retreat in the heart of Berat, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449332771.jpg?k=b540bb751377f21d62f678bdb53dd0007b3962121a01c6fe48b9a68ad6a4d29e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: n-gorice\naddress: "Rruga Jani Kosta 17, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.703214\n  lng: 19.947533\nprice: "US$49"\npriceFrom: 49\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 169\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449332771.jpg?k=b540bb751377f21d62f678bdb53dd0007b3962121a01c6fe48b9a68ad6a4d29e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449333282.jpg?k=8a24eb0ceb5492f10b09420d41e5e09882df359cd6569f6b6eaa4048e13d0732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449335554.jpg?k=ec770ea1022e360128e185ec5f4f1575ab628aad484788d8ef0485227b526c4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458190423.jpg?k=2c3830341b03e97df68d0a751978cb9adbd208191a461b7ea991d50f81a12530&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496809846.jpg?k=13f77112918bc6d2ee5fce61148dd9c3c4440ff600d837fe71beca0ed658d65d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449331720.jpg?k=9cf2218a4b9610aa61fe0509c9ae2a278553dd87bdba3826fb686401464af8dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "360 Terrace Lounge 50 m"\n  - "Antigoni 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Borja"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“We had the best stay in N’Gorice! The hotel is beautifully decorated, the room was very confortable and the breakfast was delicious and homemade. But the best thing was the amiability of the owners making us feeling welcome and making sure we had...”"\n  - name: "Michele"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were very cozy and comfortable and had lots of windows with nice view over the roofs and cobbled street beneath. Very calm at night. Heating works well. The shower is very pleasant. The owners are extremely nice and respond very quickly...”"\n  - name: "Elizabeth"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We really loved our stay at N’Gorice. Beautiful building and room. Newly renovated- really cool because it feels traditional but fresh and modern. Very clean. Comfortable bed and pillows. Really cosy feel. Gorgeous bathroom. Powerful shower....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/n-39-gorice.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail in the guest rooms at N'Gorice is evident. From the ample wardrobe space to the modern amenities like flat-screen TVs and complimentary toiletries, every aspect has been thoughtfully curated to meet the needs of the modern traveler.

Situated 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, N'Gorice stands out as a prime choice for those seeking a blend of serenity and accessibility in Berat. The shared lounge area further exemplifies the hotel's commitment to creating spaces where guests can unwind and connect.