---\ntitle: "N HOTEL CITY CENTER BY NOSHI"\ndescription: "N HOTEL CITY CENTER BY NOSHI emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532927.jpg?k=c46e1d2b725fa0f1eca7f20be914a66a32f3e7ebf5aa508bf7b6274b89863bcc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: n-hotel-city-center-by-noshi\naddress: "Rruga Jeronim De Rada 75, TIRANA 1001, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.327025\n  lng: 19.824532\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 364\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532927.jpg?k=c46e1d2b725fa0f1eca7f20be914a66a32f3e7ebf5aa508bf7b6274b89863bcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532833.jpg?k=6c0e12d826b3fb3c8fce949da79bb68b915640442c1e220a21916b2db3862a2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532639.jpg?k=aa0627672d26314369a0a300516e92f625855e0b7abc5a7fa2a0adf46d014c49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532971.jpg?k=885171109b13f82d1d2227e8de8e21c15638434f33d6b89e5cabd0a11584bc00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532862.jpg?k=302fdc968276758169594f259d01c7feb8832b751813c3ca06334e744efd261a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471532736.jpg?k=7bc5599fc8a74f3a7ebbec6258afbe4845c54da35b694f4c40ad94b443b0ba96&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Adoro 7 m"\n  - "Taverna Zoto 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ivo"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Location is fantastic! Right in the city center. Breakfast very good :)”"\n  - name: "Oliwia"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The property was exceptional. The service was amazing and the room was clean, and fresh. Beds are incredibly comfortable. The location is great too (close to the center and the bus stop to go to the airport).”"\n  - name: "Harry"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We arrived a little bit early than check in time and the staff were able to store our luggage whilst we explored the city. The hotel is perfectly located and roughly a 10 min walk from Skanderberg Square. Everybody we met in Tirana was very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/n-city-center-by-noshi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBeyond its enviable location, N HOTEL CITY CENTER BY NOSHI prides itself on delivering exceptional service and amenities. Guests can enjoy the convenience of free private parking, an inviting garden to unwind, and a lively bar to relax after a day of exploration. The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through its 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfer services, attentive room service, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a seamless and worry-free stay.

Accommodations at N HOTEL CITY CENTER BY NOSHI are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a wardrobe, kettle, minibar, and safety deposit box, alongside a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms, complete with showers, are stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, adding a touch of home to the hotel experience.

For those keen to delve into the cultural heart of Tirana, the hotel's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana offers an unparalleled opportunity to immerse in the city's vibrant history and contemporary life. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, N HOTEL CITY CENTER BY NOSHI serves as an ideal base for both international visitors and those looking to discover the local charms of Tirana.