---\ntitle: "N’Kanu"\ndescription: "N'Kanu emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Rrëshen, Lezhë County, offering a unique blend of comfort and adventure with its array of family-friendly amenities and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476671342.jpg?k=624475f44202d66d08401b0184e1c13f4412d2cba6fb24d5555a5b021ff4adc9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: n-kanu\naddress: "Bojdine Perlat, 4606 Rrëshen, Albania"\ncity: "Rrëshen"\nlocation: "Rrëshen"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.74414649\n  lng: 19.9735164\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476671342.jpg?k=624475f44202d66d08401b0184e1c13f4412d2cba6fb24d5555a5b021ff4adc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484905795.jpg?k=4fadcb615e3c505d3448f0e6f1d688a31ad1bf048b11673cb00b473bda25d4a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476671475.jpg?k=4e9110925a8e80f792de925843a5579312521609a77bbb9ba32dd684c593ad6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517482951.jpg?k=baefcde9962c4fab24c84b8e4a26a21c482ad3a076e2f11019737cdeec20a0a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484905751.jpg?k=0617117b3e8b91f87322c0e70cad967d6d2b1cd05380c3b17e830ae5af2d3e31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476671497.jpg?k=97bf11a378ca6a74a6fef2996c977f5c1fa98520d8c533d1a681cdcc6819e7f8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Good free WiFi (22 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Keshtjella Duka 1.4 km"\n  - "Restorant Gold 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sofra e Kthelles 100 m"\n  - "Lure National Park 18 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar I Lurës 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 41 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 89 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 90 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zedd"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The food was amazing. The views from the room were great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kanu-rreshen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at N'Kanu are thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of every guest, featuring work desks, flat-screen TVs, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms equipped with bidets and slippers, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay. Select rooms elevate the experience further with balconies that offer a glimpse into the serene surroundings. Comfort is paramount, with all units providing fresh bed linen and towels.

The culinary experience at N'Kanu is a delight, with a breakfast menu that includes continental and Italian options, warm dishes, local specialties, and fresh fruits served every morning. The on-site coffee shop and the availability of packed lunches cater to the needs of every palate, ensuring that guests start their day on a high note.

Families find a haven at N'Kanu, thanks to its indoor play area, outdoor play equipment, and a vibrant kids' club, making it an ideal choice for guests traveling with children. The farm stay's location also offers easy access to hiking trails, allowing guests to explore the natural beauty of the region or simply relax in the well-maintained garden.

Situated 69 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, N'Kanu stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, adventure, and family fun in the picturesque setting of Rrëshen.