---\ntitle: "Në Kroi"\ndescription: "Në Kroi, situated in the charming city of Korçë, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience, located equidistant from the natural wonders of Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum, each 44 km away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330290040.jpg?k=efbfc4ff4f3b2e03738ec6f121037ab6aa4bea05776dbd03826411e30e41fed7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: n-kroi\naddress: "11 Rruga Gjon Kastrioti, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61340514\n  lng: 20.78488867\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330290040.jpg?k=efbfc4ff4f3b2e03738ec6f121037ab6aa4bea05776dbd03826411e30e41fed7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289998.jpg?k=af0dea4bbcc63ba474ee2704ac7ddea176d021b99ef92e10abaed4fc0d1134cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330290019.jpg?k=659b0acf69964edaee20a85568e3375e91031705c5e2339f48849f6e51e32f9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289990.jpg?k=757710c18643438eca382f8f488b2390d6d223fbd898664396cb1f11c778e729&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289865.jpg?k=45673b6220c5fe3062b65504256df9b43105550951febe001f6b4458bf0d1924&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289863.jpg?k=41a9a56100e58b5d913d3ce9fd84fb4ef93ab2c6c2fb705e0d5a4e02099dbcc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289905.jpg?k=411af2ad709613bda0e241f6d8749f55632c485c7bb1c91bff052bed4db918ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289910.jpg?k=24d48a691ad82768cfcb5980d6431254cccb210e1a7dd5e6ea37a272d5b0ef83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330289901.jpg?k=2c0b2586c53f8d055fd846f7d13396c3c4a3f9a45d55a64067b276e19cc2ae62&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Deluxe Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Cofiel 100 m"\n  - "Coffee Shop 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sheila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! The guesthouse is so cozy and warm and their breakfast is great”"\n  - name: "Kosti"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This hotel is the perfect representation of Albanian culture! It mixes a traditional ambiance with modern amenities. The hotel is the perfect size for a personalized and quint experience in Korca. The breakfast was a traditional Albanian...”"\n  - name: "Pieria4"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Very good location in rhe center of the city, very close to the orthodox cathedral and the old bazaar, very kind stuff, excellent breakfast, very clean and comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ne-kroi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Në Kroi are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that boast a harmonious blend of functionality and comfort. Each room is equipped with a fully furnished kitchen, including a dishwasher and microwave, ensuring guests feel right at home. The attention to detail extends to a safety deposit box, a cable flat-screen TV, ironing facilities, a desk, and a cozy seating area, making each stay as comfortable as possible. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, bathrobes, slippers, and hair dryers, complemented by the provision of bed linen and towels, enhancing the overall guest experience.

The culinary offerings at Në Kroi are a testament to its commitment to quality and local flavor. Guests are treated to a continental breakfast selection that includes local specialties, fresh pastries, and fruits, ensuring a delightful start to the day. The presence of a coffee shop and lounge on-site provides the perfect setting for guests to unwind and savor their favorite beverages.

Families visiting Në Kroi will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a baby safety gate, while the garden offers a tranquil space for relaxation and leisure. Located 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, the guest house is conveniently positioned for travelers exploring the region.

Në Kroi emerges as a distinguished destination in Korçë, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and local charm, making it an ideal choice for those seeking an authentic and relaxing stay.