---\ntitle: "Nako Guest House bar&restaurants"\ndescription: "Nako Guest House Bar & Restaurants emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Përmet, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience with its air-conditioned accommodations."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214943987.jpg?k=367012f04c45b4836287175d97e433027fa4774081f7ddc562b0946c6501cc23&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nako-guest-house-bar-restaurants\naddress: "Shëtitorja Mentor Xhemali Floor2, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.2328162\n  lng: 20.35232277\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 312\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214943987.jpg?k=367012f04c45b4836287175d97e433027fa4774081f7ddc562b0946c6501cc23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349366445.jpg?k=16929fcc867ba56a23e9eff3b667bc3b1d5e07f48d592c81c8f72f2f0b08a62e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205496447.jpg?k=493497f1b75c315215efe08de5ec5d6ce267636b9688cb1dfdda64797375d548&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214944116.jpg?k=40939c436d5d16b497942c5d5c55d67472fb0b24680890a7b74861c92893a5c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361397624.jpg?k=a4e25e2a6fb717e47af0930083617c4000b1da8721c3b572d00661a42cf56f52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/349366246.jpg?k=c4d6d9ad1805d6fed4101adda4048d046e9e92adbedb6c1570cfc5a1d552d80d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205496221.jpg?k=352e00e50f62ad8fc89f55f52fc5c32fc2b4a963aecdd352869ab8c451ac5d14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215584023.jpg?k=4d0bb887a0b68f79c754fad92294fb13f1245bf9fc89dbf11d82b278c5df513a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348607329.jpg?k=501dcc898b0f0c43612757eff9d369fe43f9cbcf1c3f729af03211adfa458fac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Trifilia 100 m"\n  - "Hani Kikes 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wolf"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very cozy room.
Very good breakfast (egg, fresh coffee,feta, self-made Marmelade etc)
Nice balcony.
Would definitely stay here again.
Stayed alone in a room for three so obviously enough space.
For longer stays I'd recommend a bigger or two rooms...”"\n  - name: "Idi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great host, very good breakfast, very good facilities and the location is just perfect, directly to the center of the city.!”"\n  - name: "Liane"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Julia and her son Joani are super sweet, only Joani speaks a bit English. The room is beautiful and the bathroom of some rooms super spacious. Wifi is working well. Included is an extensive breakfast which varied a little bit from day to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nako-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room, boasting a private balcony, presents breathtaking mountain views, inviting guests to unwind in the tranquility of nature. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with a seating area, ensuring a cozy space for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available with flat-screen TVs equipped with satellite channels, catering to the diverse tastes of guests. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with complimentary toiletries, a bidet, bath, and shower, adding a touch of luxury to the guest experience. Moreover, the convenience of a private entrance and the inclusion of a fridge in every unit underscore the guest house's attention to detail in ensuring a comfortable stay.

For dining and leisure, the on-site bar and restaurant offer a delightful culinary experience, allowing guests to savor local flavors without leaving the comfort of the guest house.

Situated 90 km from Ioannina Airport, Nako Guest House Bar & Restaurants positions itself as an ideal base for travelers seeking a blend of serenity and convenience in Përmet.