---\ntitle: "Nako apartment"\ndescription: "Nako Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501632152.jpg?k=2eae845a545fe0069247a6e9d1d771952128bda01676869c167d8a164c228cb2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nako-apartment\naddress: "Rr. Muhamet Deliu 2nd floor, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34905124\n  lng: 19.86244389\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.6\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 7.6\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 7\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501632152.jpg?k=2eae845a545fe0069247a6e9d1d771952128bda01676869c167d8a164c228cb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/501632171.jpg?k=e69a6861cd66956d4b56db48353acb139c2437bc53f7df1c179ed16530b9f8e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522442030.jpg?k=6128c3da255bd02952cd45e7271a206c2d4152d2d7534c2f0af2b8feb9072013&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/522441917.jpg?k=12b94d4d016628b3c3b9c7724fa3c7087ad79ff0c4eb51f4cc75017a16380056&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/501632173.jpg?k=a4b87da977a73fc163b8539689419a080f90508a8f9e2c41daa5d72d8881b07c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/501632147.jpg?k=af7f07ca20a4e73cad9cfd006cd766bd402e98ab5d5db4a7fb5b2e4a710ef2bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/501632164.jpg?k=08ad971b7842e1ce9989594d69ed81b4673f2168168f8ea054338ac74fbdc9d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/501632160.jpg?k=9294e4693db7b9c499c236116739911170f652c355f6c2d68ae893acba1c9a04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/501632138.jpg?k=3a8bc4082980a4b1c82c11a98fe9c657c51a7df95c2a2b89627092a80628483b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Amarildo 50 m"\n  - "City Fish Market Fresk 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 150 m"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 3.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.9 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nako-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA stone's throw from the intriguing Bunk'Art 1 Museum and within easy reach of the Bektashi World Centre and Toptani Shopping Centre, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the local culture and retail therapy. Connectivity is never an issue, with complimentary WiFi enveloping the premises and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car station located just a short stroll away, promising an adventure to the panoramic views of Dajti Mountain.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers sweeping views of the cityscape. It is thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as an oven and a fridge. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a bidet, alongside an air-conditioned unit that encompasses a bath and a dressing room, ensures a stay defined by comfort and privacy. The addition of an outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals under the open sky.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, while Tanners' Bridge, a relic of the city's Ottoman past, is just a brief drive away. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 18 km from the Nako Apartment, facilitating a smooth transition to and from this urban retreat.

In summary, Nako Apartment stands out as an exemplary choice for those desiring to experience Tirana's rich history, culture, and modern conveniences, all from the comfort of a spacious and well-appointed urban oasis.