---\ntitle: "Natyral Razma Resort"\ndescription: "Discover the hidden gem of the Albanian Alps, the Natyral Razma Resort, a haven for nature lovers and adventure seekers alike."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263951777.jpg?k=23cf300724341efcf095a80b275676f7e76effdaa7c9d592b5fc3906bf0d4551&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: natyral-razma-resort\naddress: "Malesi e Madhe, 4000 Razëm, Albania"\ncity: "Razëm"\nlocation: "Razëm"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.3430963\n  lng: 19.55039889\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 151\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263951777.jpg?k=23cf300724341efcf095a80b275676f7e76effdaa7c9d592b5fc3906bf0d4551&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407493069.jpg?k=789eb205fdace6ebaf292b83eb628999489603a3767b92cf6c62750898a312f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139642095.jpg?k=45c894c96dc3e395577f8e0e422d0168de04f39a097b3bdddee4bfea8fdbc571&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126307075.jpg?k=93b45ed58c29cef98947b812bd4b896520fe229fac750110edda6725172d1587&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263951770.jpg?k=a574bd2abfba7636789c916a7d0bab194adb70c0c25410139f0e47ca276a0edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485486119.jpg?k=c54131fdf771d5e0497ac2c19fc73b9fa81388e90eb989762817f6015d2d4b61&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Twin Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marek Dragani 4.4 km"\n  - "Restorant Kapllaj 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 11 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 24 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 67 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I liked everything about it, the environment, the pool and also the room”"\n  - name: "Elizabeth"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Staff were excellent. Breakfast was plentiful and dinner was lovely. The position of the hotel was perfect for some nice hikes. We had the top balcony which had great views.”"\n  - name: "Kened"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Staff and service very good,everyone was very kind and the food was delicious.definitely will be back!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/natyral-razma-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAt the heart of this serene retreat lies a range of amenities designed to cater to every guest's needs. From an inviting indoor pool to a restaurant that prides itself on both local and international culinary delights, the Natyral Razma Resort ensures a memorable stay. For those who cherish quiet moments, the on-site library is a treasure trove of books, and the free bike rental service invites guests to explore the surrounding beauty at their own pace. Connectivity is never an issue, with free Wi-Fi available in all rooms, alongside LCD satellite TV and a minibar for that touch of luxury.

The resort is a gateway to the untouched beauty of the surrounding forests and nature. It boasts an array of outdoor activities, including climbing and hiking trails that promise breathtaking views and exhilarating experiences. For those looking for guided adventures, the resort's front desk is ready to arrange everything from scenic walks to thrilling jeep safaris. After a day of exploration, guests can unwind in the sauna, available for a nominal fee.

Accommodations at Natyral Razma Resort are a cozy retreat, with wood-panelled interiors creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. Each room comes equipped with a private bathroom, complete with a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable stay. The option to relax with a drink from the bar or enjoy a meal on the restaurant terrace adds to the resort's charm.

Families will find plenty to love here, with football terrains and a children's playground ensuring entertainment for all ages. The convenience of free private parking adds to the hassle-free experience.

Situated approximately 30 km from Lake Shkodër and 41 km from the city of Shkodër, the resort offers a perfect base to explore the region. For international travelers, Podgorica Airport is the nearest, located 60 km away, making Natyral Razma Resort an accessible escape into nature's lap.