---\ntitle: "Navigator 525"\ndescription: "Navigator 525 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the vibrant shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367667.jpg?k=aa115ba319a38c6ca18c37457c16b8b7d966d757232c7f9ef2bb216d48a25529&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: navigator-525\naddress: "7GM6+9MJ, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28409042\n  lng: 19.51093683\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 7.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367667.jpg?k=aa115ba319a38c6ca18c37457c16b8b7d966d757232c7f9ef2bb216d48a25529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367686.jpg?k=0feabb137cafcbff1953db2594fa0a255e43572ccacd6300053e71c79aaa0291&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367774.jpg?k=4a484067675daca54adbb0a76a34dbf87eb469f3aead3004d6a05d9b29913ad8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367760.jpg?k=e7fa181d01348b8fb6292f13c67852293c2af124f6d90707f7d2f5065cc15631&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367670.jpg?k=e0cde0d6276ade43d2c2ced0fe1603f4f6a9e456ac856a2d25f9ba19d4b8f1e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367864.jpg?k=437640638251ff7ef3322afe21ef84bf22d736c6ded762a1ba32a16a80909803&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367778.jpg?k=6b3688aba30103c459d7d200001fdc9f962c48b5044c6bbca2e5811dbabaf944&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367644.jpg?k=968e2bae29ed0e7ff02e7e92062d2a8942b2ebc008d737001228e4d849ca1e49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426367847.jpg?k=1f30b1fbdf5d955280148e5d5e98939e10c2860ab8de478e7a23539fc4f4b4f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Majestic 50 m"\n  - "Restorant 4 Stinet Plazh 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 30 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luděk"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Thank you for the nice and spacious accommodation. I glad to recommend it. Perfect and helpful communication with the support of the apartment.”"\n  - name: "Alicja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Przepiękny widok na morze. Apartament znajduje się wzdłuż małego deptaku z restauracjami. Od durres oddalony kilka kilometrów, ale obiekt jest warty uwagi. Polecam”"\n  - name: "Graciela"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Apartamento prácticamente nuevo. Vistas al mar y muy buena ubicación. Aire acondicionado que enfriaba en minutos y con lo necesario para una estancia cómoda. El personal muy amable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedrooms-apartment-525.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a garden, air conditioning, and the luxury of stepping out onto a balcony to embrace the sea breeze. Guests enjoy complimentary WiFi, ensuring that both leisure and business travelers stay connected. For those looking to explore the area or needing a ride from the airport, Navigator 525 simplifies travel logistics with its airport transfer and car rental services.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring two bedrooms, a living room with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and an equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and a fridge. The terrace offers breathtaking sea views, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the tranquil atmosphere. The property maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

For those who appreciate the convenience of having refreshments within reach, an on-site bar serves a variety of drinks. The location is also ideal for beach lovers, with Golem Beach just 2.5 km away. Cultural enthusiasts will find Skanderbeg Square, located 41 km from the apartment, worth a visit. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 36 km away, making Navigator 525 an accessible haven for both domestic and international guests.

In summary, Navigator 525 offers a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it a compelling choice for travelers visiting Durrës.