---\ntitle: "Navy Hotel"\ndescription: "Navy Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493283197.jpg?k=84eede172703e15eabf0246f60d67b312763de8caa3f25701eda803b89dd36cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: navy-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9404 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42967145\n  lng: 19.49324305\nprice: "US$85"\npriceFrom: 85\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493283197.jpg?k=84eede172703e15eabf0246f60d67b312763de8caa3f25701eda803b89dd36cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481252127.jpg?k=050a4c4c5cb615d7561c62a2be0f5c9e2a3bf437c91763b33eea58a393d5b941&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481252174.jpg?k=8ba529ec41a9dd523d30059ebf36db2ae519505d7587cd10d09c6ae2b2dd3fbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481252514.jpg?k=fd7c5e798ac637b8a126e2ec7941d8e6e003856fb24a0e0125531d5345ca3139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481252072.jpg?k=39ff33848574ef10ad9b7362bbefd1c7f97c85b78d584b3b86b41a581c177d03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481252183.jpg?k=ad86cd82c207a5463f471250002b863997df50e256f0b80a1679c2a007b1f459&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mareluna 50 m"\n  - "The Yacht 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 50 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1.2 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 750 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albano"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I really liked the accommodation and the staff was amicable and helpful. The location is excellent.
It has luxurious facilities and a lovely place.”"\n  - name: "Betim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A very tested and very good breakfast. The hotel is allocated in beautiful area of of cost. In front the sea and around 50-100 meters from the hill, filling the air from the cost and and from the hill.
Everything was perfect.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Elegant & cozy room with spectacular sea view, super clean space
and friendly staff. Breakfast diverse and delicious 👌 Perfect choice even in winter days (especially for New Year's Eve - balcony view on fireworks above the city was amazing!)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/navy-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the promise of a hassle-free stay, thanks to the hotel's commitment to providing free private parking, a shared lounge for relaxation, and a welcoming bar to unwind after a day of exploration. The dedication to guest satisfaction is further exemplified by the 24-hour front desk, room service, and complimentary WiFi access throughout the property, catering to the needs of the modern traveler.

The accommodations at Navy Hotel are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is a sanctuary of tranquility, equipped with a desk, kettle, and safety deposit box for personal convenience. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and balcony invites guests to relax in their private space, while the ensuite bathroom, complete with a bidet, adds an extra layer of privacy. Storage is never an issue, as each room also features a spacious wardrobe.

Culinary experiences at Navy Hotel begin with a choice between buffet and continental breakfast options each morning, providing a perfect start to the day. 

Strategically located, the hotel is just 1.3 km from the exclusive Beach at Government Villas and a brief 1.5 km journey from Vlore Beach, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For those looking to explore local culture, the historic Kuzum Baba is within a 4.7 km reach. Moreover, for international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 154 km away, making Navy Hotel a convenient gateway to the wonders of Vlorë and beyond.

In summary, Navy Hotel stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in the picturesque setting of Vlorë.