---\ntitle: "Nazari Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Nazari Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266054.jpg?k=bb21210d7c6d6ef8545d7760324b1cdf2e8f4e4adfa66ede06ad9ef5e24a5482&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nazari-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Pasha, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3310867\n  lng: 19.81499886\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266054.jpg?k=bb21210d7c6d6ef8545d7760324b1cdf2e8f4e4adfa66ede06ad9ef5e24a5482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266223.jpg?k=b52e85b6334f276c518aaa684b34771b273bb2896172653a6be8e144c7cf0100&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266126.jpg?k=a17d743106edf5068025f01ad5268d3927b560b4979a4ce236f3a647dbd0d3db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266051.jpg?k=074b05a99c91a15fa3058c67d181c0d593791bfbc2e2d3cab92aa455e06cb257&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266111.jpg?k=56e8a6ad2834c79180a3ce0777274fbaa82fbc388eb92abd08cee22ef065f40c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487110798.jpg?k=982aad65c2b79aa4982680fd71a7ebdaaaf4f84f7ff6ac90ac88e7c050751b93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499856354.jpg?k=56f47535952345b03d09f45ce64ee78d811c65ce14ae30c301007725a6dfd9ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266129.jpg?k=2b95a7c4acd725911af4b480885427c1e057d127acf51645dd649b6399ad070a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434266050.jpg?k=e2bd871c7c897c5888da0e5c1c546bdf042f0e23b60555508e13757a39d944b8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 50 m"\n  - "Grand Cafe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kaafia"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Everything!! It’s clean , big and close to the a lot of restaurants and center. Nazari the owner is an amazing woman ! Made us feel comfortable and gave us good recommendations.”"\n  - name: "Ali"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Everything! The Host was very helpful and welcomed us . The apartment is new , cozy and very clean. Everything you need is here . 10/10!”"\n  - name: "Organ7"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We love this place! Smell so good and super clean. The shower is hot and toilet is new. You will find everything there, hair dryer, microwave, kettle, TV, refrigerator!! Everything ! The owner is very friendly and welcoming. Close location to main...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirane-center-comfortable-studio-apartment-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a comprehensive renovation in 2003, Nazari Apartment 1 now boasts contemporary amenities, including air conditioning and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that marries the charm of the past with the ease of the present. The establishment prides itself on offering personalized services such as private check-in and check-out, alongside a currency exchange facility to cater to the needs of international guests.

Accommodation at Nazari Apartment 1 is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, but the space is maximized with a separate living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services, perfect for relaxation after a day of exploration. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances including a microwave and toaster, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals. The bathroom features a walk-in shower, and for added convenience, towels and linens are available upon request. Emphasizing health and comfort, the apartment maintains an allergy-free and non-smoking environment.

The location of Nazari Apartment 1 places guests within easy reach of Tirana’s most notable attractions, such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the House of Leaves. For those looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Nazari Apartment 1 stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those who value privacy, modern amenities, and a strategic location to explore the vibrant city of Tirana.