---\ntitle: "Nea's Holiday Apartament"\ndescription: "Nea's Holiday Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468778673.jpg?k=4290b02ace7a0c473ecfdf278c2685d7e9e8a2591bee5284b636244e9c60bc81&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nea-s-holiday-apartament\naddress: "Rr. Transballkanike, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4631269\n  lng: 19.48219441\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468778673.jpg?k=4290b02ace7a0c473ecfdf278c2685d7e9e8a2591bee5284b636244e9c60bc81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461742077.jpg?k=66fcc9491f28a43fa0e567baa41d38066ee52f230e9f779ee020fc7a860dea9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458992705.jpg?k=987280a83703a8b1a36591275ff9bbc00040e58cf2d203d991ba6a191c30edb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434859300.jpg?k=5c3405d62056ff4a2e9f5de5c3fba6f1c2372f72d4aaaa0aeaa0b5cc7b9814bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458992740.jpg?k=3e9debf1a0ae2b3666fb81ce85472d9363c56988c35ed0657e07b516270eefd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481855281.jpg?k=847d236b2b56092b0919f22df67ef7447f55407cfb061898757587a8f92bf084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461742142.jpg?k=165e2cbb0455044fc2098879355c89c8fd99637635084287dd8597cb6bd238f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434860569.jpg?k=cde0bb454c87ec6303321732ecd985fa12a59e1f61a90917be395e44df83b9be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458992736.jpg?k=b17e019e028ea552000fc25c9f26e543955d88fe16537de5ffedc59055f3970c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Olimp 100 m"\n  - "Panorame Shijesh 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.8 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.2 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tilva"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartament was near the center and near everything you need,not far from the beach,with beautiful city and sea view,we had a confortabe stay the onwer are very kind for everythin we need.”"\n  - name: "Francesca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ci siamo trovati alle 6 di sera, 4 adulti e una bambina, senza alloggio perché un’altra struttura ci aveva preso in giro.
La signorina è stata accogliente e bravissima, nonostante noi fossimo stanchissimi. Avevamo un appartamento, non molto vicino...”"\n  - name: "Svetlana"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Квартира с красивым видом и большим балконом на весь город и море, чувствуешь себя как дома, приятная хозяйка, до центра пешком 10 минут, есть парковка”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-to-rent.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its air-conditioned spaces, complemented by complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring guests enjoy both comfort and convenience without additional charges. The presence of a lift and round-the-clock security underscores the property's commitment to guest safety and ease of access.

The interior of Nea's Holiday Apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. Guests are greeted by a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. The kitchen is well-equipped with an oven and a toaster, inviting guests to prepare their meals as they enjoy the outdoor dining area. The inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom, along with towels and bed linen, adds a touch of luxury to the living experience.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or prefer to cook their meals, a minimarket on the premises offers the utmost convenience. 

Situated just 1.6 km from Independence Square and 2.6 km from Kuzum Baba, the apartment is perfectly positioned for guests to explore the rich cultural heritage of Vlorë. Moreover, for international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 149 km away, making Nea's Holiday Apartment a compelling choice for both domestic and international visitors looking for a memorable stay in Vlorë.