---\ntitle: "Nefeli Apartments"\ndescription: "Nefeli Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106678517.jpg?k=ab3bef73c37fca3493c78e86a6b31702d4f35ed50b80147005ed33ae893f1d3f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nefeli-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti pallati nr. 7, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87184383\n  lng: 20.01664054\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 151\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106678517.jpg?k=ab3bef73c37fca3493c78e86a6b31702d4f35ed50b80147005ed33ae893f1d3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141883325.jpg?k=98730998dfb70af0cc9cf95e56038654ed3732cd61f8a7aed4f21b5b2a27a8c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184059748.jpg?k=73c381055ebb399a1e6efd74ba41ebd60416cbfacdb83768c1a9d7ec71ef0bae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141861623.jpg?k=bfe7e82fbc53a155884d55398746d4d0b5527482ddd710cadba1789bf681e903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356717499.jpg?k=54f4e2726a607bcce117684d5e08cbbebf3a20c0689627a01544aa4779871aff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356717383.jpg?k=f79dc3ed7c9c02b66cbbd0f64af7d6360d162a70e67d5ef07213650c26099f61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356717397.jpg?k=e84bf4094a0bca738c8565dc681e7a9847d9b35f7bad8872f20a5b400d2dda76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356717343.jpg?k=725851b56994dee8654efedbb000e5a3fa6e596663bf6e8a63ad7fc66b52d70a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356717415.jpg?k=232b11e6c69c45bbf5f70e3a5220f4e341122cefc2466b9dab63720ecdf83ba3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casa Nostra 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalija 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kacper"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment with 3 separate rooms, big kitchen connected with living room and 2 bathrooms. Perfect for 8 persons. Very close to Saranda center. Terrace is just mindblowing the view is spectacular and also is very big when you can spend time with...”"\n  - name: "Ozan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice appartment with great view from balcony.
Appartment has a large room with kitchen and a clean bathroom.
Host was friendly and good communication.
Close to the boulevard.”"\n  - name: "Asif"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Excellent apartment and nice view from the balcony. The only thing there is no lift available in the building. By waking there is a different entrance it's oke one floor, but from the building parking, it's 3 floor you have to use stairs.
Rest...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nefeli-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Nefeli is a haven of relaxation, equipped with air conditioning to provide a cool retreat from the Mediterranean warmth. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the seamless stay experience. The interiors boast a thoughtful layout, including a terrace that presents breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a fridge for those who love to prepare their meals. The private bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer, ensuring guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay.

What sets Nefeli Apartments apart is the attention to detail in ensuring guest comfort. All units are designed to be allergy-free and soundproof, promising a peaceful and uninterrupted stay. The addition of a balcony with an outdoor dining area in every apartment allows guests to enjoy their meals against the backdrop of stunning city views.

For those keen to explore beyond the comforts of their apartment, Butrint National Park offers a glimpse into Albania's rich history and natural beauty, located just 15 km away. Furthermore, the property is conveniently situated 95 km from Ioannina Airport, making it easily accessible for international travelers.

Nefeli Apartments stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every aspect of the guest experience is catered to with precision and care.