---\ntitle: "NEFELI sweet home"\ndescription: "NEFELI Sweet Home emerges as a modern oasis in Durrës, boasting a comprehensive renovation that positions it as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475886303.jpg?k=5b4b1dd56fd97f49fedef54201d2629ca13b2beb89a2925659d7486c010f387b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nefeli-sweet-home\naddress: "18 Rruga Albania, 2024 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32824573\n  lng: 19.46988869\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 7.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475886303.jpg?k=5b4b1dd56fd97f49fedef54201d2629ca13b2beb89a2925659d7486c010f387b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475886606.jpg?k=d28fed7f0eb5d015fd8fd92a28db826478d7ae9ec1ff3c419652230203ee3f59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475888000.jpg?k=57a961db8470433120f67e83f4af8dd3cc4feff95950c6eb4598b8c2d20959b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475887800.jpg?k=181a63094a9c167f0c3d1346003747af3104fa4922be7ed4e5553487f0e2a433&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435214921.jpg?k=2e96901636894da6d6ed962d80696747193c4f12f9737b5665f87d4145d7fcba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475881939.jpg?k=9bad68ee5765a7ef4c81cbadbdc5c14eaec3ebe9807472071b64fac2f097ccc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435218128.jpg?k=6a0b297984c4194d1812f05e659503e4a9eb050f25dea9688fb86754421faff0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475886802.jpg?k=f4cd0d41e2880f3efc49a52e9a25f5d3256dba560ac7ef46fb239b14e3534351&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435214170.jpg?k=63d98d34071d529ebd8ab066f01ad7c8f64bd680ac6b5ed613e9cb74b11fb201&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pastamore 450 m"\n  - "ArSab coffee & drinks 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hugh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great size, great value, helpful and friendly host”"\n  - name: "Sofia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Amazed. very clean environment and very fast internet, something I really needed
All equipment for a stay
.Everything was perfect”"\n  - name: "Retkovcanin"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Super.... Nikad nisam bio u apartmanu koji je tako dobro opremljen.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nefeli-sweet-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at NEFELI Sweet Home are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The highlight is undoubtedly the rooftop pool, offering panoramic views and a refreshing escape from the heat. The presence of a well-maintained garden and barbecue facilities adds a touch of home, encouraging guests to relax and socialize. Connectivity is never an issue, with complimentary WiFi and private parking ensuring a hassle-free experience.

The apartment itself is a study in spacious and elegant living. It features one bedroom and one bathroom, complemented by luxurious bed linen and towels. Entertainment and dining needs are well catered to, with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels and a dining area adjacent to a fully equipped kitchen. The balcony, offering serene garden views, serves as the perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening reflections. Comfort is paramount, with air conditioning, a dressing room, and a cozy fireplace ensuring a pleasant stay regardless of the season. The commitment to guest privacy and security is evident, with a private entrance and round-the-clock security.

For those looking to explore the local area, a minimarket on the premises and a bicycle rental service provide convenience and mobility. The adventurous can venture further to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 40 km away, or explore the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje, just 9.2 km from the apartment. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 30 km journey, making NEFELI Sweet Home an accessible retreat.

In summary, NEFELI Sweet Home stands out as a meticulously designed accommodation that promises a memorable stay in Durrës, blending modern amenities with the charm and culture of the surrounding area.