---\ntitle: "Neli's Apartments"\ndescription: "Neli's Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Shëngjin."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511859031.jpg?k=6ce3188faf2f76f660f66904b1efce3dc81f34e9cae4b2315b64ba7346192a7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: neli-s-apartments\naddress: "Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.7959139\n  lng: 19.60215994\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511859031.jpg?k=6ce3188faf2f76f660f66904b1efce3dc81f34e9cae4b2315b64ba7346192a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511859305.jpg?k=de126d15b14cbe46788e4c9ef594002e4b3d1535e6c2b9f533aa6099e5e91d96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527668660.jpg?k=3687bb7ca5bf63758b4ca5718958f838ce5efa468bf76ce90745a0d718c27847&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511859264.jpg?k=fc453f099c2a195382eb297206ab07a558f6c791a4ee05bb2bf0f162b9d1d823&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511857811.jpg?k=9f7af8c75bc96e560026c541037bfff08eccc50e477c91831ff8bd121bb1c524&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511858425.jpg?k=2122e0bdf174d1f925b309bf48a7046f02c75e4b91027f3e593791ca395e7e14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Brazili 150 m"\n  - "Soleil 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ylberi Beach 30 m"\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 450 m"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 3 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 42 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dimiskovska"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We stayed in the apartment from 30.12.2023 to 02.01.2024. We spent the New Year holidays in a wonderful family atmosphere, with a view of the sea. Wonderful! Mr. Paulo, as the owner of the apartment, is very pleasant and cooperative. The apartment...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nelis-apartments-shengjin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on a comprehensive array of facilities, including a welcoming bar, an on-site restaurant serving a variety of culinary delights, and the convenience of room service for those moments of relaxation in the comfort of one's own space. The promise of free WiFi throughout ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or business purposes.

Attention to detail is evident in each apartment, where balconies reveal breathtaking sea views, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the tranquil atmosphere. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities, including flat-screen TVs for entertainment, well-appointed kitchens for those who enjoy preparing their meals, and private bathrooms with showers, ensuring a comfortable and self-sufficient stay. Refrigerators in every unit add an extra layer of convenience, making it easy to store refreshments and snacks.

For those keen to explore beyond the comforts of Neli's Apartments, the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra lies 41 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich past, while the natural beauty of Lake Skadar is just 43 km distant, presenting opportunities for outdoor adventures. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 48 km from the property, facilitates smooth travel arrangements for international guests.

Neli's Apartments stands out as a destination that promises not just a place to stay, but a memorable experience, blending the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.