---\ntitle: "NERIUM Hotel"\ndescription: "NERIUM Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375582115.jpg?k=4ea3be8149e56e7c0bda4076d21740afe8e5254e9db250356ffe890978c9b9ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nerium-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77519225\n  lng: 20.00589043\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 151\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375582115.jpg?k=4ea3be8149e56e7c0bda4076d21740afe8e5254e9db250356ffe890978c9b9ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798139.jpg?k=4e015250094feaaa8d3f9fb32e1aff82072514c5f43552bcebf138a042df8582&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798095.jpg?k=f97d9d19f31c09518dcc85c624d0144953dd4607a17b04f65343a1c5c9b9eed2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798145.jpg?k=f2cfadcb953f90eb2b9be81215686ebc40b5ca7595fcabbd4dc68c686255664a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798073.jpg?k=580077b9cdf42b3d2c6521671ab626b7aeb7263b5bf46a72a4fe37a8ffc502ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798148.jpg?k=6622ed946c8f6e80b14af6ae8714e24a032d19e798ac0e3732f7c1bcd3a5e2d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798077.jpg?k=aca811db2e3b8d63e60c489cf3fcbfb3ebf8bb277a6090f681aceb10878ed8e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798021.jpg?k=3221b7d9ca03e6b6e9f408f11692078b8107190aa8813da9fa39befc1481c63e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376798012.jpg?k=90d184867291229a6b8cbe2f7df9eda9ab8d1fd4fffe6c4b56c346a214694587&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\n  - "Shakesbeer 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 350 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mstrag"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“One of the cleanest hotels I have ever stayed in. Very comfortable beds and pillows. Looks exactly like the photos with everything in perfect condition. Good balconies. Very friendly and helpful staff. If I return to Ksamil I will try to make sure...”"\n  - name: "Explorer989"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“Clean and tidy rooms
Breakfast was ok
Price is reasonable
Walking distance to nightlife”"\n  - name: "Gentjan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was very nice and clean and also the staff were amazing and very helpful, very easy to find it”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nerium.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with a host of thoughtful amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is a sanctuary of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a wardrobe, and a balcony that offers a picturesque view of the city. The inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, bed linen, towels, and a fridge in every unit underscores the hotel's attention to detail and dedication to guest satisfaction.

The start of each day at NERIUM Hotel is marked by a delightful continental breakfast, ensuring guests are well-fueled for their adventures ahead. The hotel's proximity to Coco Beach, less than 1 km away, and Butrint National Park, just 3.4 km away, positions it as a perfect base for exploring the natural beauty and historical richness of the area. For international travelers, the convenience of Corfu International Airport being only 93 km away adds to the hotel's appeal.

With its 24-hour front desk, ATM, and currency exchange services, NERIUM Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, catering to the needs of its guests at any hour. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find NERIUM Hotel to be a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it a distinguished choice in Ksamil.