---\ntitle: "Netis Apartment"\ndescription: "Netis Apartment emerges as a serene retreat, offering breathtaking mountain views and a tranquil garden setting, just a short distance from the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495607855.jpg?k=bcc847b13ab0eeaec615df3c0b789f345563d7d86072de4bf7f7847d47b7c0dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: netis-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Bego Hoxha, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3195968\n  lng: 19.77940398\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495607855.jpg?k=bcc847b13ab0eeaec615df3c0b789f345563d7d86072de4bf7f7847d47b7c0dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495607908.jpg?k=cfd8201ce2c7dbf800e3248979a171fe141dfebca3db3f8a9e795e1805c97d2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495607914.jpg?k=dbc0a2497c5faeff416bf53297eec3ab0dcdcc588d560cea8a0decebb7826f12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495607919.jpg?k=87051b07bb633a3dfbafb7f72a1bef45697478ca073b7e336c9cf29bcd6d6ca6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/495607925.jpg?k=bec2ea9192538fa4a9844a8976a1bd8424ecffd89236afbc7c4471a3cd67ca2d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sofra Tironce 200 m"\n  - "Helios 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.3 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/netis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis holiday home is distinguished by its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi, a satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting an oven and fridge. The presence of a washing machine adds a touch of home comfort, making it ideal for extended stays. The accommodation also prides itself on a well-appointed bathroom with a bidet and a spacious dressing room, ensuring guests have ample space and privacy. A notable feature is the private entrance, which enhances the sense of exclusivity and privacy for guests.

For those looking to explore, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is situated 8.8 km away, offering an adventure into the scenic heights, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 5.2 km from the doorstep. Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje stands 42 km away, presenting an opportunity for a memorable day trip. Meanwhile, the House of Leaves, located 3.5 km away, offers a deep dive into the local history.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is merely 14 km from Netis Apartment, facilitating easy arrivals and departures. With its combination of comfort, convenience, and a dash of adventure, Netis Apartment is an exceptional choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in the area.