---\ntitle: "New Modern and cozy classy 2 bedroom apartment"\ndescription: "The New Modern and Cozy Classy 2 Bedroom Apartment in Tirana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654794.jpg?k=4e2ae895dba469c774ce1a3d9eae8999bc54b396b342100372bfe121bcba38d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-modern-and-cozy-classy-2-bedroom-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Beniamin Kruta, 1031 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3353321\n  lng: 19.79138556\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654794.jpg?k=4e2ae895dba469c774ce1a3d9eae8999bc54b396b342100372bfe121bcba38d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654776.jpg?k=5c5ea1600587a0a7c6963ca4b47a92fa2987a79e4eaef51d8c86e3eb3d675311&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654717.jpg?k=07d42c8fc636fdf70be8ebbd27982b5d2b9d78249b4951d3945734827c091e91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654805.jpg?k=5ffd5dd2b892059af038111dd3b18acbae42f4a489ff067808b973caf10b6727&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654803.jpg?k=76778a29172e8316f4b5f68814de8b98fa6ee3c296234afcbc5397a615f659b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654738.jpg?k=20a11ecf09b69379a13478204b5e310dd97a719ec9a884f1ff952c3a4cdc7666&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654755.jpg?k=2b999f37e283c2174aed21fdfa6b7f8c49a4503c4f41a7eb902552c545de2c9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654811.jpg?k=1b1001de43494b2f3f1d4a7e41c4fb4f953e4b9372c2de278068e48a8fcb5657&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509654710.jpg?k=9ecce55e7ae5c80bf1669f7de9a79251abe6779aa8b7ee616e323fed39ee19aa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pajisje per Bar Rest. Arredo Fab 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Athina 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 900 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/modern-and-cosy-classy-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. With air conditioning, free WiFi throughout, and private parking on site, guests are assured of a hassle-free experience. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a clean and fresh setting, located merely a stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha.

Boasting a spacious layout, the apartment features a welcoming balcony that invites guests to relax and unwind. The interior houses two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen, making it perfect for both short and extended stays. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, and the added benefit of a private entrance offers unparalleled privacy and convenience.

For those looking to explore beyond the city, the Rock of Kavaje is within a manageable distance, offering a unique day trip opportunity. Meanwhile, the House of Leaves museum is just a short journey away, promising a dive into the local history and culture. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 12 km away, the New Modern and Cozy Classy 2 Bedroom Apartment ensures a smooth and accessible travel experience for all guests.