---\ntitle: "NEW BAZAAR Apartment"\ndescription: "NEW BAZAAR Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593579.jpg?k=fc5f553cc716170ec87463cd81e6df0bea1d0d43dcc3337319bc0a9b7c9c64cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-bazaar-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Musa Maci Apartment 27, Building 3, Floor 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33214663\n  lng: 19.82563308\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593579.jpg?k=fc5f553cc716170ec87463cd81e6df0bea1d0d43dcc3337319bc0a9b7c9c64cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593654.jpg?k=0ef999761d99e1aa2852366bfff822c7d9f48afdb5a9c40296a8267402dd0ea5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593660.jpg?k=c2c7c85488991402abd619d6a44648da87e3e2d553408b7f7a3d6e7be93cff6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593641.jpg?k=120d3a32d74202930785f17258873a643d3db59ec24c1cd6a99a19f564cf30d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593648.jpg?k=62d2ba4334270121461430cb0754df6c96a9f07449ac4e068a5118673e208c03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593652.jpg?k=21e7c3edad1dc4f533f0aeb5dbbc2c8b426bacd8165b6a028cb6a67ef7b4866f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593658.jpg?k=7a45d34f07673fce023a3170b1e68151ed977bac77dcb5dd3bc9b232ad1160f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593643.jpg?k=c268a8b88e9d59308e5fdd7beb96c1567732c061ddd7554ff335a54996cffac1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404593639.jpg?k=549ed7627a7c91368d23dcf0eeb0f57b7a8533c2313794a4646ec4eda92c34b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Trattoria Logu 100 m"\n  - "Vinoteke 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gerald"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect!!! Very clean!!! Nice decoration! The host was very helpful in everything I needed! I highly recommend it!!!!”"\n  - name: "Erika"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“It is 5 minutes from the city center, this is a new building with new furniture. The view is amazing, the flat is bright and cosy. There is self check-in what I really like, because I never know when can I arraive :) The host is very friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Kristian"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“the structure was beautiful large suitable for two people when they entered the structure was beautiful clean and fragrant”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-bazaar-apartment-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment is designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs, featuring complimentary WiFi, a cable flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven and toaster, making it easy for guests to prepare their meals. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay. It's important to note that the accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

Situated in a location that's both serene and strategically close to key attractions, NEW BAZAAR Apartment is just a stone's throw away from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering guests a plethora of options for exploration and entertainment. For those traveling to and from Tirana, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, NEW BAZAAR Apartment stands out as an ideal lodging option for those looking to experience the best of Tirana, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.