---\ntitle: "New W Hotel"\ndescription: "New W Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323530035.jpg?k=fa49418710f2f3e259d43357d9b13b6159ea28759209bbf99478c6d80d245a20&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-w-hotel\naddress: "St Tre Vellezerit, 75 ND. 6, H1, 1001 Tirana, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31665071\n  lng: 19.83398241\nprice: "US$102"\npriceFrom: 102\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 441\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323530035.jpg?k=fa49418710f2f3e259d43357d9b13b6159ea28759209bbf99478c6d80d245a20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324114995.jpg?k=d960cd15c5ab44e0ee74af2b31bf524df541e9dcb104586ef901bb3b90b7172a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323530146.jpg?k=fba48e4fddfee36eabde23e0a8d13b62903827e9d2674c253addf9f8f1cdcacc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324112435.jpg?k=2e1dc80e345c90b9fe26bf31179058e4df0acf8403be4af1ff55cb3203e0a440&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324116343.jpg?k=8ddab62e7fe17a281a01b2ee2b970fe5eeaac8163d39986428da621c5601077f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324116439.jpg?k=b5e4b746b27243d742b0a57540da4b460d2cb601483656516dc3d15410e23fdd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Executive Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sheqer Pikant 200 m"\n  - "Sofra e Ariut 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 700 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Scott"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely staff who are very helpful. It's a 20 min walk into the centre, perfect location”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The hotel design was so beautiful . The staff was amazing. The breakfast was delicious.”"\n  - name: "Brahimi"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Spacious room , the staff was kind , the breakfast was served perfectly .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-w-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into spacious, air-conditioned rooms, each boasting a unique design that reflects the hotel's commitment to individuality and comfort. Modern necessities are not overlooked, with each room equipped with a flat-screen satellite TV. The en-suite bathrooms, complete with showers, hairdryers, and complimentary toiletries, add an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience.

The New W Hotel prides itself on its accessibility and guest services, offering free WiFi throughout the premises and complimentary private parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The 24-hour front desk guarantees round-the-clock assistance, catering to guests' needs at any hour.

For those looking to unwind, the hotel's on-site bar, complete with a terrace, provides the perfect setting for relaxation after a day of exploring Tirana. Skenderberg Square, another highlight of the city, is located just 2.5 km away, making the hotel an ideal base for those wishing to delve into the local culture and attractions.

For international travelers, the convenience of airport transfers is available upon request, with the hotel arranging round-trip services for EUR 50 or one-way pickups for EUR 25, ensuring a smooth journey to and from Tirana Airport, which is 18 km away.

In summary, New W Hotel offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it a favored choice for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay.