---\ntitle: "New Bazaar Cane Apartment 3"\ndescription: "New Bazaar Cane Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862703.jpg?k=9c3e8958f7fbaad1b960e7a81969850cffe5e8ab29ae885a38af6e4df6d7acf6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-bazaar-cane-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Xhemal Tafaj, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33289138\n  lng: 19.82486605\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862703.jpg?k=9c3e8958f7fbaad1b960e7a81969850cffe5e8ab29ae885a38af6e4df6d7acf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494815585.jpg?k=fc07799b6df4978b6990f20c5099346e3ecf2b4306073c747021dca9f3a24f70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507872628.jpg?k=19db346a5e01bde7666cfe965992ac3d76c163ca1bd3d34905c312a1c68457bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494864098.jpg?k=96360132e497c43dfdc2e48ba34151bc2d00a094f1de833be768b5aa0a53170d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862645.jpg?k=417d800883238489d622144072fd7a206335d9427858504066845bfe6d33230e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862527.jpg?k=6fa0460538b1c43336ac915e001927416abd9bea6a2f71bafff86c7397785b4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494861851.jpg?k=d71200c1650d147d031178f6746832d0f7416db86f74ebb38531695051676747&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862297.jpg?k=c332728f9193ad6e89cdfa08e2e7fa6fd063e3af88b8771fd1096261550d5c38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494862856.jpg?k=b53786896b8a83af99848a21da27d2aeb18e2537aa5e2de9cb687b85f17c6e9e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (44 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Chateau 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Reyes"\n    country: "Venezuela"\n    text: "“The accommodation is very comfortable, just as it appears in the photos, very comfortable, clean, communication with the host excellent, prompt responses, very clear directions… close to the center and many commercial establishments, restaurants…...”"\n  - name: "Akinyemi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I love the sofa, the art works, the simple lobby interior.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cane-apartment-3-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment distinguishes itself with its thoughtful amenities and attention to detail. Guests will find a cozy retreat in the one-bedroom space, which is equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services for entertainment at any time. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a microwave, allows for the easy preparation of meals, adding a touch of home. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Privacy is paramount at New Bazaar Cane Apartment 3, with a private entrance that guarantees guests their own secluded haven amidst the bustling city. The property's commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the quality of the air and living space for all guests.

Strategically situated, the apartment is within walking distance of notable landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, Clock Tower Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque. It is also conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, enriching guests' stay with a dive into Albania's historical narrative. For those looking to enjoy local arts and shopping, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre are nearby, offering a variety of cultural and retail experiences.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, making New Bazaar Cane Apartment 3 an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana. Whether it's for leisure or exploration, this apartment promises a stay that is both comfortable and conveniently located, ensuring guests can fully immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions.