---\ntitle: "New Ring Apartament Tirana"\ndescription: "New Ring Apartament Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884477.jpg?k=27c0b581b63a4eb899ab92db60d0a95f49fbec6631de8b6ce8a72083978a7405&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-ring-apartament-tirana\naddress: "https://goo.gl/maps/tftYnWU7uCwWHYT57, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32932483\n  lng: 19.78586894\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884477.jpg?k=27c0b581b63a4eb899ab92db60d0a95f49fbec6631de8b6ce8a72083978a7405&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884396.jpg?k=95e29acdebf2d4357dc9b394666c6baceffc2a9af1186cfd6bb3b54d16143019&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884494.jpg?k=06abb4eafcf70074b351abb739d2b3ea7e33b8f5982b526a0f8e8dde6fd6f774&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884486.jpg?k=e75d9e4e76f0fb8e154ff8a5cf6a87a4da10847ebe894c5211b80e1b5c7aeebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390062347.jpg?k=c1d9c107072af0b97a474857e5394eb99a55085efa65bac06b150beefe9a8c56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884455.jpg?k=d50de99a4a1ce6a47b16279ead493c1249258b063deeb4b30dd78358aa3fdbc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884466.jpg?k=dd0b2e8b819fbc846a10d021f17cf04efdc2332f074279bf62dd3b5b27207482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388884491.jpg?k=42bf5659e1bc0e044f522f863f50bab63abc1c96e86542edce97dcc3982ac076&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388883236.jpg?k=517f43e0849090738b5fc466042f03ce2f42a3d6d4b52d0fb2ce9dc0f37c5a9d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gravity 100 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Nela 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 400 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything on point. Luxurious apartment with all new and modern furniture, AC in every room, Netflix option, as well as strategic location”"\n  - name: "Tedi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a great experience with the \"New Ring Apartment Tirana\". The apartment was wonderful, new, clean and well furnished. The host was really helpful and hospitable. Strategic location to move freely in any parts of Tirana. I would definitely...”"\n  - name: "Vasylyna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“супер крутий господар!!!! чудова людина, дбайливе ставлення до гостів, ввічливий і щирий!!дуже йому вдячні!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/newring-apartament-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting air-conditioned spaces that promise a cool retreat from Tirana's bustling streets. Guests will find themselves enveloped in the comfort of a spacious layout that includes a balcony, a cozy bedroom, and a living room designed for relaxation. The kitchen does not disappoint, coming well-equipped with a fridge and essentials for those who prefer to whip up their own meals.

Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. For those keen on delving into Albania's rich history, the apartment is conveniently located just 5.4 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, offering a unique glimpse into the country's past.

Further afield, the adventurous can venture to the Rock of Kavaje, located 41 km away, or explore the House of Leaves, a mere 3.8 km from the apartment. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is an accessible 12 km journey, making New Ring Apartament Tirana an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.