---\ntitle: "New Studio near New Bazaar - Tirana City Center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at New Studio near New Bazaar - Tirana City Center, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464047107.jpg?k=985d2c3f86cef6ad9c8d07b19ed6df8bde38b4622d91a86e1b0924362cd40a13&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-studio-near-new-bazaar-tirana-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Tefta Tashko-Koço, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32921948\n  lng: 19.82693305\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464047107.jpg?k=985d2c3f86cef6ad9c8d07b19ed6df8bde38b4622d91a86e1b0924362cd40a13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464047618.jpg?k=2171d23e16dea0071f47bf39e0033326ceb3e1d6cc10848e2942523ca7902c0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464047278.jpg?k=8a2b9cd3b8d79def9927408f206c72378738a0d6e1f37a675fbd648464ed8ac4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464048283.jpg?k=32e31c6bb7c884a985200287a8014f871354a4376f3eed8681307c27e39bc744&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464046491.jpg?k=b6f72a568f159f4ee9d4113ed5497ad8f46b7eb6cc2350bbd83c1f2a0bf9aacc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464048455.jpg?k=336abacf8928f36632d0fb879b1e6946e0dff2e504727f5e677bd75dda291765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464047858.jpg?k=d41dbbd7cd86a354cb4adb388e4c541fb1cba446f357fb891d98395d63f4f3c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464046024.jpg?k=1f5af506c26c1f7a0fa7fb4c8809ca6f4e933d7d1704275a1b96686857f795e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464048320.jpg?k=1b3fd0e977aa9e92253f0bf2f1fad46ea6adaf62805deccd29a2256c815fd7aa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi (1 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 7 m"\n  - "Meet Friends 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location
Friendly staff Recommend this to everyone who wants to stay in Tirana”"\n  - name: "Kevi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I recently booked an apartment near the city center, and my experience was quite positive. The location was extremely convenient, allowing easy access to popular attractions and dining options. The apartment itself was clean, well-maintained, and...”"\n  - name: "Saurela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location of the apartment was tricky to find at first. Great location, Clean room and own peaceful space. loved the mirror light! Very useful. Would definitely come again. Worth the price as well.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-studio-near-new-bazaar-tirana-city-center-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting a strategic position, the property is merely 4.1 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a brief 1.6 km journey from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. Guests will find themselves in close proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, with the famed Skanderbeg Square just 700 meters away.

The apartment itself is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. It features a well-appointed bedroom, a kitchen complete with a toaster and fridge, and a cozy seating area. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, and the bathroom comes fitted with a bidet, ensuring a comfortable stay. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. Additionally, guests will appreciate the added privacy afforded by the apartment's private entrance.

For those looking to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it easy to immerse oneself in the local culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, New Studio near New Bazaar - Tirana City Center is an ideal choice for both short visits and longer stays, promising an unforgettable experience in the heart of Tirana.