---\ntitle: "New Bazaar Cozy Apartment on a Very Secure Building"\ndescription: "New Bazaar Cozy Apartment on a Very Secure Building stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372336189.jpg?k=1564c232cc3ca9d0d923299f79c0481115ea95cffdd96202ba84ccb935446c56&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-bazaar-cozy-apartment-on-a-very-secure-building\naddress: "Rruga Beqir Luga, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32992082\n  lng: 19.82727334\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372336189.jpg?k=1564c232cc3ca9d0d923299f79c0481115ea95cffdd96202ba84ccb935446c56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372336801.jpg?k=bd48b02e5fc45054c7df0a9659c4a95ef38999fee45cd1c3f0cca5402d55cdf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372338506.jpg?k=2b37b144117a62c671ba698e8c1b30c2fb7603c16dbabd889e78549014fb4702&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372334999.jpg?k=392ddf9f3a5983647ebd03fb07d8452b13fb2c639f0bf147feae2e2abfd86eda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372334680.jpg?k=1f9b2dfa83026637516d92e44659ed2c8e07a881e785f8039a7d1b28d8dca9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372340099.jpg?k=e706c6c1a7e0a688f5ad9b09a6c909cefb35345f389074c169c2fa82657b9c4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372336223.jpg?k=5c017619acc863e32fbb39b162082c27d1864363901e7993dc8e233257a6df8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372339283.jpg?k=73e2b2bd37f9bd454e256f3a565bc7e5b8ad0c8ad26cef9f5f1c204f43188d4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372335176.jpg?k=ab7de43b638e95430ffef3239ed118b34b292fe6a0382dacca4b8ccef248ed40&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meet Friends 50 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carmen"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Just like home...or better! Everything is more than perfect!”"\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice host, very willing to help. We arrived a few hrs earlier and he let us in as soon as they were done cleaning, great service! The apartment was super spacious and convenient when travelling with kids. Washing machine and fully equipped...”"\n  - name: "Nikki"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very modern, excellent facilities, great location.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pazari-i-ri-cozy-apartment-on-a-very-secure-building.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this secure building is designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those nights in. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, microwave, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where slippers, a bidet, and a hairdryer are standard, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay.

The provision of bed linen and towels in every unit adds a touch of home, making New Bazaar Cozy Apartment an ideal choice for families. Guests can enjoy the city's ambiance from their private balcony, a perfect spot for morning coffee or evening relaxation.

Strategically located, the apartment is within easy reach of several of Tirana's attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it a perfect base for exploring the city. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, ensuring easy access for arrival and departure.

In summary, New Bazaar Cozy Apartment on a Very Secure Building offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and security, making it a top recommendation for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay.