---\ntitle: "New Beach Apartment"\ndescription: "New Beach Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021703.jpg?k=7c7a66fd0cc29276f73f0123b400e32b7ebf346f613871c89d06ad4b52a4f971&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-beach-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87350086\n  lng: 20.00365193\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021703.jpg?k=7c7a66fd0cc29276f73f0123b400e32b7ebf346f613871c89d06ad4b52a4f971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377959726.jpg?k=ff37657ef4d55904f05ed120f73d36bf438434580a761869a1b0a0783c1941b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021813.jpg?k=8c80eaac39ee4e090d1dc1486f0e9ce0c8d47be5a6ebd1e219aaffa5dcb044b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021812.jpg?k=d099e4eb6faaa436c1b3ff159fad4037686a222f669e88a864fd46e4fd3d2ef5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021796.jpg?k=37abd6eba66324db751c37dbeff6b1eb94846e96ad069b20f0a51394e3dc0666&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021717.jpg?k=f0cd04dc35c4ed89b51815249d1a13b7700178e87a483978336f1d777d4ca57a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021820.jpg?k=859f2ddeeffd6e5798226ee724dc906f733e398e8a786e0dff9c82d3d9b926b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377021757.jpg?k=d6063d1b77087101c5e81f697d17ecb8ea38432452031d60811e16651c3a536f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377960006.jpg?k=0f3faeec44db6dd20751ee2c26b805a08b5b6e0f08708018c750ee73f4d0ba64&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Amaris 30 m"\n  - "Hashtag 2 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bheekharry"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was really nice, there is all the necessary to have a nice stay: washing machine, dishwasher and more things. The beds and the sofas were really comfy. The best thing is the garage, because at night it’s impossible to find parking...”"\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location.
The apartment was very modern, spacious and clean.”"\n  - name: "Dragos"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had an excellent and comfortable stay, with a very hospitable and caring host. The apartment is brand new and super clean and spacious and decorated and furnished to highest specs.
Everyting was way above expectations - from the excellent...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-beach-apartment-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of free WiFi and complimentary private parking, alongside a commitment to service demonstrated by a 24-hour front desk, an elevator for easy access, and currency exchange services. The apartment itself is a haven of space and luxury, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, and the added comforts of bed linen and towels. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area perfect for gatherings, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to dine in. The balcony, offering breathtaking views of the sea, becomes the perfect backdrop for enjoying a glass of wine or champagne in privacy, thanks to the apartment's soundproofing and non-smoking policy.

For those eager to explore, the apartment's location serves as an ideal base for sightseeing tours in the surrounding area. La Petite Beach awaits at a short distance of 1.4 km, while the natural wonders of Butrint National Park are just 17 km away. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km from the property.

New Beach Apartment not only promises a stay filled with relaxation and scenic beauty but also ensures a memorable experience in the heart of Sarandë for those who choose to make it their temporary home.