---\ntitle: "New and Comfy Studio with Mountain View at 'Mangalem21 Complex'"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of the New and Comfy Studio with Mountain View at 'Mangalem21 Complex'."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582178.jpg?k=317a1de838c5ad441a224a3d295a82854cdb961776dfcd7359591c37309edf33&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-and-comfy-studio-with-mountain-view-at-mangalem21-complex\naddress: "Rruga Pasho Hysa Building 30 - Apartament 3068/2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32887991\n  lng: 19.84563869\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582178.jpg?k=317a1de838c5ad441a224a3d295a82854cdb961776dfcd7359591c37309edf33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582721.jpg?k=6473307c862a1f9171b137da1b8ba6c22f05cede74519304b7daeda046ae9868&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582705.jpg?k=e1da1fab7378d363656c4b1a1d5a31ce33a2592b3d6edc50b14b769d487daf6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582715.jpg?k=9c51d9b04aa177f6e40e7a82872d29f59781d7dbf41f8fc355a97ba3bbb44f02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582723.jpg?k=cca2d4f446e70d2c1b1ef1cbc9ef10f613434e36458e59ba95a28885025368e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582718.jpg?k=b91bfcbfebf061bfdde63a5dde41aa2a140bf790461ccb770157aeb890b1f8f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582717.jpg?k=fb9a3cba40072e1a5662348e937cee4f7f94eb756f5db7ed02820a542f910b32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582729.jpg?k=c0ca6dee7c910687358cf4c1689adf538db02b9233806e1ec35f7c5527eca806&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470582710.jpg?k=067b0fb40e2d37b556532b8537a12a8f0dd6d6efcf108b4066d016e4644e3c21&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "A Chef 250 m"\n  - "Zgara Korçare 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 2 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A wonderful holiday. Very good contact with the owner, comfortable apartment, bathroom equipped with cosmetics.
I recommend”"\n  - name: "Joseph"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great views, kitchen, TV, parking. Great value. Awesome host.”"\n  - name: "Janis"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“nice and comfortable place. brand new.comfortable bed. TV with Netflix,YouTube etc.
host very nice ,friendly and professional.
I recommend it 😊
thanks😊”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-with-mountain-view-at-mangalem21-complex.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe studio itself is a haven of tranquility and comfort, boasting breathtaking mountain views that promise a serene stay. It is thoughtfully designed with a spacious bedroom and a well-equipped bathroom, complete with a hair dryer, ensuring guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience, allowing travelers to pack light.

For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje is 47 km away, offering an adventurous day trip option, while the Bektashi World Centre, located just 500 metres from the complex, provides a fascinating insight into local religious practices. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 18 km away, ensures easy access for international travelers.

Guests of the New and Comfy Studio with Mountain View at 'Mangalem21 Complex' also enjoy the perks of free private parking, an elevator for easy access, and complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. The property's commitment to a non-smoking environment guarantees a fresh and healthy atmosphere for all guests.

In summary, the New and Comfy Studio with Mountain View at 'Mangalem21 Complex' stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to explore the beauty and culture of Tirana.