---\ntitle: "New Bazaar 2 Bed Rooms with free garage"\ndescription: "New Bazaar 2 Bed Rooms with Free Garage emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088318.jpg?k=75cfd884655f08e2b5207ff6b7e167afb1753e0c30a139df89484332971ca4eb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-bazaar-2-bed-rooms-with-free-garage\naddress: "Rruga Xhemal Tafaj, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33249963\n  lng: 19.82347789\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088318.jpg?k=75cfd884655f08e2b5207ff6b7e167afb1753e0c30a139df89484332971ca4eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510090069.jpg?k=029aea0b51c327266696ef22ececcd1357fd87a314afe56259fbe9c1b119c097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088748.jpg?k=96f90a8d5495edc23dcd0d70720d08080e479d25d8067423b25668f5f68dd786&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088193.jpg?k=0335e4467671cf71b9a3bb55e8027592ff5a6062ea7d68858dea34bd4e1d759b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088198.jpg?k=df4c3dac853da4bf513a55cbd539cb027f9214521b98485989ef5df88a030ae6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088405.jpg?k=6c0af2a2091d47336fec7c3a04a92357dbd57d6fe4ed1a2560d9044b27dc923e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088394.jpg?k=7b1a38051e875f283e5b9410cc0fbea75fa2d190682a7ca5afe70da8c27bc847&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088749.jpg?k=e0513d1176fc41c20408ba252e747fb7130d0947b42765ca2b0e145f818e1815&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510088192.jpg?k=398231d282271d198e5f879c28818545468555caef51c8be90f23e7ed2697b31&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (62 Mbps)"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Tujani 30 m"\n  - "Observator 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lau"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment.good location. And the host is really nice. 2 big bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. We were spent a great time here”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-bazaar-2br-free-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious two-bedroom apartment, where modern amenities meet home-like comfort. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen, boasting an oven, fridge, washing machine, and stovetop, ensuring all the conveniences of home are at hand. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of hotel-like luxury to the experience. Designed with health in mind, the apartment is both allergy-free and non-smoking, catering to the well-being of all guests.

The convenience extends beyond the apartment's walls, with free private parking and a 24-hour front desk ensuring a hassle-free stay. Complimentary WiFi and airport transfers further enhance the guest experience, while the option of a car rental service opens up the possibility of exploring Tirana at one's own pace.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises offers the ultimate in convenience. The apartment's location is also a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich cultural landscape, with the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania all within easy reach.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, New Bazaar 2 Bed Rooms with Free Garage stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for both short-term visitors and longer-staying guests, offering a blend of home comfort and accessibility to Tirana's key attractions.