---\ntitle: "New Baazar Oasis"\ndescription: "New Baazar Oasis stands out as a modern gem in the heart of Tirana, offering a refreshing retreat for travelers seeking both convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490837863.jpg?k=84165c7f15ba436106c94805fd7f6b884fd53522e168cc01c453f39b7d45b349&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-baazar-oasis\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33137036\n  lng: 19.82557242\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490837863.jpg?k=84165c7f15ba436106c94805fd7f6b884fd53522e168cc01c453f39b7d45b349&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490837858.jpg?k=397b112ff720009fa1262628b51c3af2de212a400751003d70400f4b1e91ca61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491852609.jpg?k=fdd72725a79c5b4e9a4afd33ba98dcc15401469d4ff9b32a53ba6a3de00403c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491852256.jpg?k=a9bc81d83fbcf4df661f6dc0fc7d53af6fef5700cde211f95326a0180aa2fad7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488567666.jpg?k=e46c7b5c0ab6254d762fdabaa2eb1fecb7933ba7fab041aa7f9f1445e6ac5559&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491853695.jpg?k=20b803a8e241afe7d97aaa8b38421e8949eccdb091a62faa3a7ab0a17f216733&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490837959.jpg?k=3f98faf31316327c277cd018ae6387c623be3f62cfea0690642da3e18dad71cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491851874.jpg?k=b7f9714b5b23c9a4a8e34f15489aa896e0ccb2d3797636fcdbc4f0f6dd591a88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491851768.jpg?k=0a19642c48455faba71878433bbe1f166547ad2c3d74e8ec074dc3a3dea4f245&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vinoteke 40 m"\n  - "Vila Lasku 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Veronika"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very friendly and welcoming atmosphere! The rooms are very new, modern and clean. Also the location is perfect, right in the centre with free privat parking. Amazing!”"\n  - name: "Stiven"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“😃 Location - fabulous, quite central and close to anything you'd need. Less than 10 mins walk and you could be in the middle of Tirana city center.
😃 Staff - Amazing! no fault here, they were all super friendly and welcoming, always on hand to...”"\n  - name: "Rubach"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Obiekt rozpoczyna swoją działalność, wszystko w super stanie. Przemiły właściciel. Zaproponował nam wybór pokoju na miejscu, polecił także super jedzenie. Klima w mieszkaniu zapewnia możliwość ustawienia temperatury według preferencji i jej...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-baazar-oasis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a slice of tranquility with its city views, which can be enjoyed just 4.1 km away from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a short 1.8 km stroll from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. For those arriving by electric vehicle, the convenience of an on-site charging station underscores New Baazar Oasis's commitment to modern amenities and environmental consciousness.

Each apartment at New Baazar Oasis is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. Select units also offer serene garden views and come with a balcony, perfect for enjoying a morning coffee or unwinding in the evening. The inclusion of a fridge in every unit adds a touch of home, ensuring guests can keep snacks and beverages close at hand.

The on-site bar invites guests to relax and socialize, while the garden provides a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle of city life. For those looking to explore, the apartment is conveniently located near several popular attractions, including Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, New Baazar Oasis serves as an accessible and inviting base for both short visits and extended stays in Tirana.