---\ntitle: "New villa apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the serene elegance of New Villa Apartment, a premier destination located just a short drive from the heart of Sauk, 6 km away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517401973.jpg?k=e60862bc7188d7e92d1e72d6db5c8640dc09b76bfcbe86a69c2f7bf1b0b784ca&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-villa-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Memo Bejko, 1044 Sauk, Albania"\ncity: "Sauk"\nlocation: "Sauk"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30422797\n  lng: 19.82769363\nprice: "US$149"\npriceFrom: 149\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517401973.jpg?k=e60862bc7188d7e92d1e72d6db5c8640dc09b76bfcbe86a69c2f7bf1b0b784ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402305.jpg?k=78b92526fc35439dcc36a113756a3741c8735f8413328e79cbd548e82f2c00ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402188.jpg?k=a69609b1e6c0d7ae05d1523bf7c32658fc7251a786d2b14094fd32ce052dc1fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402148.jpg?k=ef135ede2761dbf987cdc3b1c8cda991cddee8d27561f50212ac7074385375fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402249.jpg?k=ed3a206ac6826491d4149229a2f85b8de3b5dbcaca24168e93306b00ad2b5224&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402109.jpg?k=dcf2f6711ec953ce861c19d45cac297745e25ffac13e8b55af73ca64096e60d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402153.jpg?k=4cfa0eb1caf93df93d2eb230145dfcf81baf885a9105a5ccd6e75cee7a2339f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402166.jpg?k=5929f6cf8b0e849bf9e531b696f50588078ad2131955891352f49126bc79100e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517402093.jpg?k=19a6a626409199815409e4eeb5d560583e45a86eac6f1585ff300d38f75689b0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Graal 250 m"\n  - "Primitiv Bae 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 300 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.6 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vangel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was excellent spot on and very clean!
Worth of money you pay for.
The owner was very helpful,communicative and friendly, good location where you get to see the ground park of Tirana with beautiful lake around and so much more!
I...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-villa-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a masterpiece of comfort and style, featuring air-conditioned spaces that open up to a refreshing balcony. Designed to accommodate both large families and groups of friends, the villa boasts four well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and a cozy seating area centered around a flat-screen TV. The presence of three bathrooms, each with a walk-in shower, ensures privacy and convenience for all guests. Adding to the comfort are the thoughtful touches of provided towels and bed linen.

Outdoor living is elevated at New Villa Apartment, with an inviting dining area that allows guests to enjoy meals under the sky. The garden offers a peaceful haven for relaxation, inviting guests to unwind in the midst of nature.

Strategically positioned, the villa is a mere 5.1 km away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and offers easy access to the Rock of Kavaje, located 47 km away. For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 10 km from the property, promising an adventure not to be missed. Additionally, the convenience of being 18 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes New Villa Apartment an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sauk.