---\ntitle: "New Apartment at New Bazaar - Tirana City Center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the New Apartment at New Bazaar, ideally located in the heart of the city center."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059523.jpg?k=9c6ca75ab6b804c565c6b86a7ccdb437583b73008738cdcd65fda659217039ad&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-apartment-at-new-bazaar-tirana-city-center\naddress: "2 Rruga Tefta Tashko-Koço 1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32923478\n  lng: 19.826964\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059523.jpg?k=9c6ca75ab6b804c565c6b86a7ccdb437583b73008738cdcd65fda659217039ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059345.jpg?k=10ff3b0342335ca4dd0247125fcbdb695f9b64388d198a513d1831719921938a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464062233.jpg?k=d4a45f6b1a3edd7b62f1d2706f3eb313f311640c099282f6987a6918beab1f60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059023.jpg?k=35281cbf3b8e593a0a293f714125d06f66d1cf171d9da0403059a26470947c83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464060133.jpg?k=7717b6beead2e4439904f8171b42ce856b7b304b1979d7c698de0c5ba3957926&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059402.jpg?k=c1ed314ffcaa98be390c7329c1acc1d73cf3b82629584de288ca65831b3e7448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464062053.jpg?k=94ef317c8f84f06216833a71d0e58163bf72721aae1c3fe20f2fef093cb1d732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464059177.jpg?k=a47b6d49d22a195a444272746ad72c1a7bef6223959ec3dffd2e27a974cd1d1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464061887.jpg?k=52af696a43c6166f26b7600700f2b76e356e23e66dd67b84f25bc5bab05f9553&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Grano Tenero 9 m"\n  - "Meet Friends 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ismaele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Friendly host, right away the city center, clean and cheap.”"\n  - name: "Erdei"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Good location, very close to city center. Bars, restaurants and supermarket in 2 mins walk.”"\n  - name: "Jcanadas"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“La calidad de las instalaciones era excelente.
Localización muy buen con algunas de las compañías de alquiler de coches.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/new-apartment-at-new-bazaar-tirana-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting a serene garden view, the apartment is a tranquil oasis just 45 km from the stunning Rock of Kavaje and a short stroll from the historic Tanners' Bridge. Guests will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, adding a touch of historical intrigue to their visit.

The apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, including complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge and stovetop, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable stay. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity.

For those looking to explore the local culinary scene, a variety of dining options await just steps from the apartment. Additionally, the property is conveniently located near several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania.

Travelers will find the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport easily accessible, located just 16 km away, with the added convenience of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property. The New Apartment at New Bazaar - Tirana City Center is the perfect choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local culture during their stay in Albania's vibrant capital.