---\ntitle: "New apartment in the city center"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban living at \"New Apartment in the City Center,\" a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Shkodër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343991.jpg?k=b07dad4d3603d904f897a6c18cb948ff43b36bff51bf58dc45295531ff980c54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: new-apartment-in-the-city-center\naddress: "4 Rruga Fushë Cele, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06854797\n  lng: 19.51403325\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343991.jpg?k=b07dad4d3603d904f897a6c18cb948ff43b36bff51bf58dc45295531ff980c54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343997.jpg?k=6fd697ff21c8786fc679626d8da5bacdc187dd9c929076605d9e1bc8bc2d5283&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343980.jpg?k=d1e637826fb76f00968f165cb99284f7bcb7daa236a0eb49b37859411f3ebed6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343971.jpg?k=19a1327dfda90d1f223368a56e7ebe669ae9def3a16de2f8fcadbe0904f28acc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485103277.jpg?k=24288064de96f8f787a88c34100a4c7e7ecacfe9fc7cd268bc267ea08facb4bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343976.jpg?k=f5ee38fbad6a76dd4f928ae97a033b668a5430f0fa965274e7dec5e2d79bf8bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464343967.jpg?k=e235499b25fbc6f72133e66d1aab18b4330665878c66c9421c22ada329ec54b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464344015.jpg?k=8fafbca6c46c1ff45c2166420887b62d5e43100a98bde00c5841226c8829bb9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471080627.jpg?k=278022f280b07e1ecec9bf85310c347fd4f970939286d6b9c7ae995f188a7b51&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "FACES MUSIC CLUB 20 m"\n  - "Metropolitan 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartament is really big and spacious. Rooms and bathroom are clean and everything what you need is there. Location is really good, just a minute from city center and old town which was great. Terrace was really big and had nice view and owner...”"\n  - name: "Naomi"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Full accommodation although we have missed some kitchen tool”"\n  - name: "Khad74"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Large apartment very well located in Shkoder on the 2nd floor of ' a small building with elevator. It consists of a living room, an equipped kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a washing machine. Super well equipped, very clean. Very responsive...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-in-the-center-shkoder2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of free private parking and the assurance of full-day security, making for a worry-free experience from the get-go. The property also boasts a seamless connection to the digital world with complimentary WiFi access throughout.

Elevating the standard of city accommodations, the apartment features a spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is never far away. The two bathrooms, complete with a bidet and shower, are stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, adding a touch of home-like comfort. For added convenience, a laundry service is readily available.

The apartment's terrace presents a serene spot to take in the breathtaking mountain views, offering a peaceful retreat amidst the city's hustle and bustle. For those moments of relaxation, the on-site lounge provides a cozy haven.

Practical needs are also met with a minimarket located within the premises, ensuring essentials are always within reach.

Situated 58 km from Podgorica Airport, "New Apartment in the City Center" promises an accessible and hassle-free stay for both leisure and business travelers looking to explore Shkodër and its surroundings.