---\ntitle: "Newly renovated ONE bedroom apartment in Tirana"\ndescription: "Newly Renovated ONE Bedroom Apartment in Tirana emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360574594.jpg?k=762c51bf9505dc36bd6c8c612c3be1bc1a14e19cc40c5c06e695a698904f8d8c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: newly-renovated-one-bedroom-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko, Kompleksi Vizion Plus, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33713177\n  lng: 19.80349932\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360574594.jpg?k=762c51bf9505dc36bd6c8c612c3be1bc1a14e19cc40c5c06e695a698904f8d8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577936.jpg?k=3d4f71725d25b2845a3ddecbd107baba89bb9afc68b0ee7944c9031253364f32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577449.jpg?k=5c03cb76334701c6265db3ed202a3ee2ee2289c552bd3cdfa77c9708efe39ca7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577461.jpg?k=47e786675f1d87fb8f30545f799e245fcbf060ac7e7f38df3bc85ab6f9633f0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577101.jpg?k=1cc6bce7a0270357b46d5da68b3bf4c053864de31ad7b8346e391a7fe9d0052d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477413662.jpg?k=61aa3a819dff05e09312ea9d7d57270a5ab6d80d0f69092f2d50e01118784e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577943.jpg?k=c0620648b9734ed8798b06527fde63d11c08a412d73ba3f13b2335dbe37a823f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577457.jpg?k=05f521c806992e6722f116237bfb23272beea445bb9c0554c4a2ea236a03b681&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360577456.jpg?k=f3200ebdf309ca1ba94a0132e57f15d83e136d52bdfa474cf4d30ad65325dc77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Ektos 50 m"\n  - "Lionfish 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Prince"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“\"🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 My holiday stay at this apartment was nothing short of magical! Nestled in a vibrant complex that truly has it all, the location couldn't be more perfect – a walker’s paradise with everything at your doorstep and just a five-minute drive...”"\n  - name: "Admir"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Very nice and spacious apartment, that has everything you need for your stay. Walking distance to the city center. Easy contact with the owner.”"\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“The apartment is feeling like new, very clean and comfortable. The host was very nice and helped with advices around neighbors and town. You have everything needed around house - hundreds of cafes, markets and fast foods, as well as restaurants,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spacious-apartment-in-tirana-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is not just a place to stay but a slice of home in a foreign land. It boasts a spacious layout that includes one bedroom, a bathroom equipped with fresh bed linen and towels, and a living area that invites relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area allows guests the freedom to craft their meals, adding a personal touch to the travel experience. The balcony, overlooking an inner courtyard, provides a private outdoor space to enjoy Tirana's ambiance.

The convenience extends beyond the apartment's walls, with amenities such as a lift and an on-site minimarket enhancing the stay. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to privacy and ease.

For those keen to delve into Albania's rich culture, the apartment is conveniently located near the National Museum of History Albania, the House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local arts scene. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away, Newly Renovated ONE Bedroom Apartment in Tirana serves as an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays, promising a blend of accessibility, privacy, and comfort in the heart of Tirana.