---\ntitle: "Nice central apartment in Tirana city"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Nice Central Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793155.jpg?k=a96323a0db9f07a9e0446328c6c2cf38ac28969985fca76bbf2f94f23ffbda7b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nice-central-apartment-in-tirana-city\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri no. 6/2, second floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32494058\n  lng: 19.81602311\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793155.jpg?k=a96323a0db9f07a9e0446328c6c2cf38ac28969985fca76bbf2f94f23ffbda7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423047998.jpg?k=f56378babd6447f5a110e97729d2a71f5d3092d97757b4633862fd534e83ee4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793189.jpg?k=6896811f47091dbb681c10a6cee7c320530d062f7ffa2c38b6784f94bc141f91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510389408.jpg?k=4ad881be8a9fcb95e19b95ce01bb1f51251aca00f0902ddbe6f52c57cec0db5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793210.jpg?k=0c36b233c4dcb02901dd7dff72b0fe80de8de57d793cf0b449ae8ffb0ac660c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423052428.jpg?k=8b86c68ad746e61a134fc9f79454ae2bfe007fa130d4668dd3484580a5b120c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793219.jpg?k=f05aecc1e890f091d024945fa59e20290cb15ecca17080788ec6780b0dd24e89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793190.jpg?k=5a8314e105698a06c159ddb58a9933e0f5d907ed38b46249b233620701f02367&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414793179.jpg?k=8c219b14a5b40116f2ea0cecc82e95f40200b9ec8eb98de7cd9c8faa0895657b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serrano 40 m"\n  - "Snack It! Tirana 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Krystian"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment una central location in Tirana. Short walk to all of the main tourist attractions. Clean and comfortable. Particularly liked the fruit tree - some kind of local plum - right outside of the bathroom window.”"\n  - name: "Jordi"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Location is the best. Near center, with supermarket 20mt from apartment, good restaurants...And the apartment was with all the facilities. And the staff was very kind. She always solved all my problems.”"\n  - name: "Fahad"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“All public parking is full but the owner help me find good parking”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nice-central-apartment-in-tirana-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to rest; it provides a fully immersive experience of city living. With the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car just a short drive away and the serene Rock of Kavaje within reach, adventure is never far from the doorstep. Moreover, the inclusion of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking ensures that every aspect of your stay is as hassle-free as possible, allowing more time to explore and less to worry about logistics.

The accommodation itself is a testament to modern convenience and comfort. Guests are treated to an air-conditioned space that boasts a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their meals, and a bathroom stocked with fresh towels and bed linen. It's the perfect retreat after a day of exploration.

For those keen to dive deeper into the local culture, the apartment is conveniently located near Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, offering a glimpse into the city's rich heritage. And with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, the Nice Central Apartment in Tirana city stands as an ideal hub for both short visits and extended stays, promising an authentic and memorable Albanian adventure.