---\ntitle: "Niks Apartments"\ndescription: "Niks Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308357772.jpg?k=26e9d1600f95abed629f16c86c8f1de2fbb7994f293a987858f2e20afb872be3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: niks-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Riviera , Ksamil Rruga Deti Jon, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76305145\n  lng: 19.99322355\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308357772.jpg?k=26e9d1600f95abed629f16c86c8f1de2fbb7994f293a987858f2e20afb872be3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305218693.jpg?k=2b6ba5547a4c9b765c24c0fe8cc73eb7ea632df4ac3bbae0b585aec49b0e1642&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305219033.jpg?k=36aa8fcda5c310d1059430c2c3dcca52600b6e6beea75fd027249e8e08874ae1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305218798.jpg?k=9ac9f0c33b2fbe73480cb69e4ebc4bdbddc9fa8e5d2080216750d1facd1d1ad9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/161058070.jpg?k=c3c05ef45ec6ca7d95a3af9169327a7b139e6609aaf4bf18527c0af05d6f1de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305217932.jpg?k=7770959ab6b09acb05ca32f1d587ff9da173c6e06b1f1bd2a51d5a34892d1149&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305218903.jpg?k=e3d2e103f18c6f0c6f3f2cc36554e74e34bed33418b364f3781576a5e688569a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305219200.jpg?k=2534f53e471c3b681026136fb8e2b0d437654e24986dfcda94666bf6019e1afb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305218733.jpg?k=c34b297865f581209449ed5ac036f898d73e26dba421f0f531e1ed453be7d21a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 200 m"\n  - "MR Crabs 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 350 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 950 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kharchuk"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The apartments are really nice. The host is helpful and really kind. Everything was amazing.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/niks-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a well-maintained garden and a terrace, complemented by the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi. With a commitment to guest satisfaction, Niks Apartments ensures round-the-clock assistance thanks to its 24-hour front desk, alongside a shared kitchen that caters to the culinary needs of its guests.

Accommodation at Niks Apartments is generously spacious, featuring a three-bedroom layout equipped with a flat-screen TV hosting satellite channels, a fully stocked kitchen including an oven and toaster, and the added convenience of a washing machine. The presence of two bathrooms with showers adds to the comfort. The outdoor dining area, overlooking the serene garden, provides an idyllic setting for meals.

For those looking to make the most of the sunny weather, the property's barbecue facilities are a delightful bonus. The adventurous at heart will find no shortage of activities in Ksamil, with hiking trails nearby. Moreover, diving, cycling, and fishing opportunities abound in the vicinity, with Niks Apartments ready to facilitate car rental services for further exploration.

Located just 500 meters from Puerto Rico Beach and a short drive of 3.7 km from Butrint National Park, the apartments serve as an ideal base for exploring the local area. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Niks Apartments a convenient and attractive option for both domestic and overseas visitors.