---\ntitle: "Noa's happy place"\ndescription: "Noa's Happy Place emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872200.jpg?k=2321c34307bcdc5d770b6f62906e6a45fab40b8324826900bdf5f15eb6f8fc47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: noa-s-happy-place\naddress: "Rruga Hysen Gjura Nd.52 Ap 15, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34301961\n  lng: 19.84479851\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872200.jpg?k=2321c34307bcdc5d770b6f62906e6a45fab40b8324826900bdf5f15eb6f8fc47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872380.jpg?k=921a9cfe7bc17cd0da2470608341fe231eccbc121c641cc7eb1e22c77e6b0a32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872298.jpg?k=735f660862f51ca5a740904dddd2f9008a27b097a552a28d4af8a4b3e2040f0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872339.jpg?k=dec9f81ddc0ea06a68f6b75ce3411e1915271a6fc6b1b360436591c29a263430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872319.jpg?k=5bd2f21bc26847bf5a6c9813400e7a4c199064184256418c75b1f1eeb868dcf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872289.jpg?k=3d51b99a8a0885239bec51d9ffca426d060869ef7397987291951fc9ddc44937&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872273.jpg?k=926026bddc7d5328b83ff59390c44ad9b013aee0a276287057afa9352ab5a781&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435872328.jpg?k=ecc871e792aaf381ceb1e07b651ec0767288b9b91ff8001134d4ef093d8b923a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449729167.jpg?k=66b2479e97987a744ca07b0f6ff4e9fd6b1160c82f534241b201ba916e1c3ba6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Antia 50 m"\n  - "Istanbul 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.3 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arbiola"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was exactly as described. Very clean and spacious. The host was really helpful and friendly. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Rexhina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I came with my family for a short vacation. The apartment is very spacious and cozy. It has many windows and a big balcony so there is natural light during the day. The apartment was clean and the owner is very welcoming and kind.”"\n  - name: "Bonniemouse"\n    country: "Uzbekistan"\n    text: "“Cool apartment! By the way, I think, it feels even more spacious in-person than on photos. The huge comfortable sofa! Dining table is very comfortable for both eating and working. Large kitchen as \"It is a dream come true\" of any housewife....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/noas-happy-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just promise space; it delivers it, along with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a balcony for those tranquil morning coffees, and complimentary WiFi to keep guests connected. For those interested in exploring the cultural side of Tirana, Noa's Happy Place is conveniently positioned just 1.7 km from the intriguing Bunk'Art 1 Museum and a short distance from the Bektashi World Centre, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts.

The accommodation itself is thoughtfully designed, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom that provides all the essentials. Entertainment is also on hand with a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay.

Further enhancing its appeal, the property is located within easy reach of Tanners' Bridge and the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering both historical insights and retail therapy just a few kilometers away. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 16 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In essence, Noa's Happy Place stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those visiting Tirana, combining the comfort of a well-appointed apartment with the convenience of a location that puts the city's highlights within easy reach.