---\ntitle: "Nobbu Hotel Ksamil"\ndescription: "Nobbu Hotel Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Lori Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482438582.jpg?k=2cd10f00930daa4f80f3258a0fd673ef72db5c4e89b3c8929f92c533795f083e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nobbu-hotel-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga. Jul Cezari, Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7642287\n  lng: 19.99530445\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 162\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482438582.jpg?k=2cd10f00930daa4f80f3258a0fd673ef72db5c4e89b3c8929f92c533795f083e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481403133.jpg?k=a5ef94033c922cb2cb8ac70bdbb8492d52d62b6ac7284fc55322a34e68c244f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481750016.jpg?k=e03db4f83b2c434a766d12191b1e41f3d5a70dc9c6d22a3bcbbebb9806094e23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482893432.jpg?k=edb05d242a358806d5cdbe6cdb58a8a0edab85ff7df79e3eccdf76e55aa6dd6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481750020.jpg?k=af70b1348730ad72bb261c7069d42a1836f990761b5c2662a26f57e200f05d7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481750074.jpg?k=568173acfed8ae0b87d559592dd26f16a01aa44c6bf3be86a87cca5de3840f9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481750025.jpg?k=b6307d2e0f1695b1623966aede3cd9b116115c0063b26844bd18b519440b2b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481749983.jpg?k=98756afb1365a7af668b3b9c11973ba55d5787de168e6ccd8ae372237b277189&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481750058.jpg?k=a84e87177d5d422f3e5e0ea766ef0119d2d104bc95b6317a1b012532da27cbdc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 50 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 150 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 200 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Charlotte"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel is family run. It is a nice hotel and the receptionist was very welcoming. They clean your room daily which is great. Breakfast was also okay but recommend going early. I would say this is a 3 star hotel rather than 4 stars. As it...”"\n  - name: "Moran"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was great except the Breakfast. It felt as if there was never enough of what was a very limited breakfast anyway. Eggs were always cold and coffee was like warm to say the least.”"\n  - name: "Hannah"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and bright rooms with sea view! The staff was really friendly and welcoming.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nobbu-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world where each room serves as a sanctuary of relaxation, equipped with essential modern amenities including a desk, a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also feature a balcony, offering a private space to unwind and soak in the surroundings. Comfort is further accentuated with the provision of soft bed linen and fluffy towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

The start of each day at Nobbu Hotel Ksamil is greeted with a choice between a hearty buffet or a lighter continental breakfast, catering to all tastes and preferences. While the hotel prides itself on its serene location and comprehensive amenities, it also understands the needs of the modern traveler, offering free WiFi throughout the premises and a paid airport shuttle service for those coming from or heading to Corfu International Airport, which is 93 km away.

With its strategic location, a stone's throw from some of Ksamil's most beautiful beaches and attractions, combined with its unwavering commitment to guest comfort and satisfaction, Nobbu Hotel Ksamil stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to explore the beauty of this coastal paradise.