---\ntitle: "Noir Living 2 bedroom apartment"\ndescription: "Noir Living presents a two-bedroom apartment that stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563822.jpg?k=8c3c58d8219f74f2f0c81d8c6b003a798394b5f8ffc5ea586dd6befc028d4555&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: noir-living-2-bedroom-apartment\naddress: "9 Rruga Perlat Rexhepi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3178488\n  lng: 19.8156347\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563822.jpg?k=8c3c58d8219f74f2f0c81d8c6b003a798394b5f8ffc5ea586dd6befc028d4555&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563854.jpg?k=6437f3a6b4a309febbf399587fc241ce945e4bad80934f01abb25bdda9b40446&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563897.jpg?k=6b356421806faee2748789652bb17380c152be42e2e51e108dd1f5c6bb041955&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563857.jpg?k=824a28d1ead5964e293eee57a782c190ee6b84fff1bcd23af937e64654372b16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563860.jpg?k=423f3666f801d1f9be22bf2e289c1927e74914ad6a0e18e64280a5fec2196f41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563851.jpg?k=e6a1dc67463577c36f5b7327a4ab8e876ce6d98780adf414eec26d322fd31d5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563904.jpg?k=60487e45d21142d94de74f7079ec5a61f45b7d98880ea495943238bf3c158cc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563837.jpg?k=240fa251134c85f717da438f87334e4b6c522f7f2e01835ca990240b6d7573de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405563832.jpg?k=f6a088c8e96b7255aa7c8b0f6bcd00f0ba6538f340c1d9123f421b3bbc94a407&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Veggies 10 m"\n  - "Tala 2 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dorothy"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“Host was good at communicating n send pics of how to get to the apt.Close to supermarket n loads of restaurants n bars n cafes closeby.We appreciated that she let us checkout an hr later .The apt is modern n hv kitchen n a balcony n there is no...”"\n  - name: "Cynthia"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment, a bit tricky to find the first time. I had trouble accessing bookings portal to see the photos, the hosts were very responsive in resending them to me. Great neighborhood, walking to anywhere. Great cozy living room, table...”"\n  - name: "Julien"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Appartement idéalement placé dans le meilleur quartier de Tirana pour les bars restau avec le parc du lac artificiel juste à côté. Appartement confortable et neuf avec Clim au 4eme étage sans ascenseur. Environnement calme. Check-in et Check out...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/noir-living-2-bedroom-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting spacious, air-conditioned rooms complemented by a balcony that invites guests to unwind in privacy. Connectivity is seamless with complimentary WiFi, ensuring that guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventure in Tirana. The proximity to cultural landmarks such as Reja - The Cloud, Rinia Park, and Saint Paul Cathedral enriches the stay experience, with the House of Leaves museum only 1.2 km away, offering a deep dive into the country's history.

Inside, the apartment is meticulously designed to cater to the discerning guest. It features a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and toaster, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The bathroom is modern and includes a walk-in shower, with towels and bed linen provided for added convenience. Importantly, the apartment is allergy-free and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

For those intrigued by Albania's history, the apartment is conveniently located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, facilitating smooth arrivals and departures.

Noir Living's two-bedroom apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing Tirana's vibrant life and culture, making it an ideal choice for travelers who seek both comfort and adventure.