---\ntitle: "Nord House"\ndescription: "Nord House emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Korçë, situated a mere 42 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329463037.jpg?k=2fbe2777aea14e8cc2861f9f164e2e555e04c8352fd558feef487c35cbcd697f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nord-house\naddress: "Rruga Midhi Kostani, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62397978\n  lng: 20.77434165\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329463037.jpg?k=2fbe2777aea14e8cc2861f9f164e2e555e04c8352fd558feef487c35cbcd697f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329466712.jpg?k=25b8925a76da58c8e6a65813ef9748ddda6ff4c339b0a3b90e46ec23e6c27923&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330642654.jpg?k=7ca8066eb2a234f1c3195b8b5f62bba2e509f3d1d148d299d9c12560c3655914&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329466710.jpg?k=39d768f496c0ff6a1a449bbf72c33eaab0e6fcf0f38ecbaba4cc3a938121cc39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330642445.jpg?k=358ef7d6797d73a1b66d402f1b7b638bb920144a8007369c035b2c66046c0079&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330096814.jpg?k=06816c035e16488a0f28973c42500dae04ab87e553bcbeed6962330c475691e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330641324.jpg?k=a1d3571040f15baf9d548632ef5a07e6f4b90cf6e19f5107a2ed4281edc1643a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330642971.jpg?k=d7b1704e13cc7d0d432d7b5f462bf605affa0fe2b7206bd4dcd6cf9bdd346204&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330641201.jpg?k=ef459e634b2ff0280243ec4a916f7f1ceccbc7c732ab1f03136d9e40d7f9b571&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Viktoria Coffee Winners 100 m"\n  - "Saverio 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 900 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 950 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 950 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 4.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 46 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kapoj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartament i rehatshem dhe komod . Pastertia 10/10 . Teper i pershtatshem per grupe shoqerore ose familjare.”"\n  - name: "Hojung"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The accommodation is very clean and has everything we need. Our family was very satisfied. We will visit again next time.”"\n  - name: "Lubonja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent place,cozy and warm.The owner very hospitable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nord-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Nord House are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment boasts a private balcony from which visitors can soak in the breathtaking mountain scenery. The living spaces are thoughtfully furnished, featuring a comfortable seating area and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, fridge, and essential kitchenware, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. Additionally, the provision of a kettle adds a touch of home comfort. The private bathrooms are well-appointed, offering a bidet and slippers for added luxury.

A standout feature of Nord House is the communal hot tub, inviting guests to unwind and relax. The availability of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained. Families will appreciate the spacious family rooms, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with loved ones.

For added convenience, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. Located 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Nord House presents a compelling option for both short and extended stays, promising an experience that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.