---\ntitle: "North Alpine Villas"\ndescription: "North Alpine Villas presents a serene retreat in Bogë, a mere 26 km from the breathtaking Theth National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492791457.jpg?k=c49c8b18cc84d41d68b2c9edfbb4475ba145a8b360db9345b74920adabff3057&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: north-alpine-villas\naddress: "Rruga per Thethe Fushe-Okol, 4305 Bogë, Albania"\ncity: "Bogë"\nlocation: "Bogë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.39819794\n  lng: 19.67766403\nprice: "US$205"\npriceFrom: 205\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 198\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492791457.jpg?k=c49c8b18cc84d41d68b2c9edfbb4475ba145a8b360db9345b74920adabff3057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509635188.jpg?k=8b234c5e95c32c46b4a80d34824296dff26da43df8865bdf3e60f81e5cce4828&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492790402.jpg?k=0b2e742f89a7ce7f7ce7b6587f28b7aed4c6953ebb9a885a95a07b5ed6ccae51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412856506.jpg?k=69a7d8c5da58397ab501ea8734c928945b6dc3ce8668ded7018d070e1f0f8ece&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509635180.jpg?k=be3245277fedc797c0bc0f0fcb984c8da7995efaff465cfa7b8f27193e39345e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492791595.jpg?k=6cfaee9195fc8166f99bc26e697d87eba0d746e08b3d9ba2649762acee76b0ae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (77 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar cafe Gegaj 2.8 km"\n  - "Café 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 9 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 11 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 35 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iden"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cozy and Peaceful. Loved the hot tub and beautiful nature around the villa. Perfect for a relaxing getaway”"\n  - name: "Ján"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I've been in Albania many times. In many hotels but this one is so far the best accommodation I've ever seen in a whole country. 20 out of 10 :)
Self check in and check out is a nice bonus too. I will definitely come back once again :)”"\n  - name: "Egla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was amazing,the stuff very helpful,we contacted them in the middle of the night because there was not hot water and they were there to fix it in a couple of minutes.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/north-alpine-villas.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with a private entrance, setting the stage for an exclusive experience. The accommodations boast balconies that offer captivating pool views, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the tranquil surroundings. Inside, the rooms are a haven of comfort, featuring a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with a variety of cable channels, and a private bathroom equipped with slippers, a walk-in shower, and a bidet for ultimate relaxation.

For those who enjoy preparing their meals, select units are furnished with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, a fridge, and a stovetop. The attention to detail extends to soundproofing in all units, ensuring a peaceful and uninterrupted stay.

The property's garden invites guests to unwind and reconnect with nature, offering a perfect backdrop for relaxation. 

Located just 64 km from Podgorica Airport, North Alpine Villas is an accessible escape for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty.