---\ntitle: "North Gate Guest House and Camping"\ndescription: "North Gate Guest House and Camping, located in the vibrant city of Shkodër and a mere 49 km from the Port of Bar, offers guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383455953.jpg?k=505ef163f33e31751be134dc98f8f41046907a439323c2044ac628211b38a895&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: north-gate-guest-house-and-camping\naddress: "Rruga Dora Distria, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0634005\n  lng: 19.5257628\nprice: "US$9"\npriceFrom: 9\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 59\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383455953.jpg?k=505ef163f33e31751be134dc98f8f41046907a439323c2044ac628211b38a895&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454536562.jpg?k=84ea0abc3c5700cf077625db2b9e28e47882aac07d0a8de311edbc15f814d6dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376122285.jpg?k=4029944eda0a60ea49aa0191f90e8aa881d6df5db696d66c4a389f3d9a70d120&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376122161.jpg?k=1c727f59c2e32f3443592b8bdeadf04df593e220fec07e3e9d8d15801d8b33da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454538629.jpg?k=bd68c11da167ef835bdd7eb20174b016c8d56d91f12dbed5c8b31a155cbe2e3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378447683.jpg?k=e98a90bad70d3bb340814afb726f8dc966b2aa22ca79a493422f275b453aafe0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Economy Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 100 m"\n  - "Leo 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.2 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 75 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alrashdi"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“it was nice place and clean people were very kindly thank for guest”"\n  - name: "Pvrtis"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“We came with our car. They have very good private parking in the garden. Location in walking distance from city center. Rooms are clean an spacious. New shared bathroom. Good value for money. Recommended”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Quiet and peaceful place a short walk from the city centre. I enjoyed staying just outside town and experience the residential area. The owner is very nice and made the check in process smooth and easy. The guest house is very clean too!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/north-gate-guest-house-and-camping.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nIts array of accommodations is complemented by complimentary WiFi and ample private parking. 

This esteemed guest house is not just a place to stay but a serene retreat, boasting a lush garden and a welcoming bar, perfect for both relaxation and socializing. Ideal for travelers of all types, including families, it features spacious family rooms designed to cater to the needs of every guest. 

For those arriving by air, Podgorica Airport is conveniently situated 59 km away, making North Gate Guest House and Camping an accessible haven for visitors seeking a memorable stay in Shkodër.