---\ntitle: "Nuçi's Place, entire apt with balcony near Blloku"\ndescription: "Nuçi's Place emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498504955.jpg?k=7b7e1eabd76139fc268e8a68b9a14be25df7f66d6767b1e14beeba37cb5623c9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nu-i-s-place-entire-apt-with-balcony-near-blloku\naddress: "7 Rruga Jusuf Vrioni, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31902951\n  lng: 19.80484448\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498504955.jpg?k=7b7e1eabd76139fc268e8a68b9a14be25df7f66d6767b1e14beeba37cb5623c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498513863.jpg?k=5ce7537346785d78187aa5f42521d652e26dc548c1a3aa08be696e4679c06ab7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498510932.jpg?k=06a131db4a124c718dac128f94ead823bf247daef404025d18ceb690309addc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498504763.jpg?k=5ce9b41d6525d277e3fa22672c815021bc986e4067923858298eba15aa58800f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498505082.jpg?k=759a06049dd8520bab73f7d0bef816546d4341d3e185d51c670852f632451647&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498504383.jpg?k=70e2b23c7cd697be66e79a42a50d9c80dfebce568ccdccb4cf82baa10c609643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498505297.jpg?k=4dbe85bbdb24d102b20bd9f73ffd0e6545e1a4a579342e0c070696ced5745b3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498505401.jpg?k=a038f061c12afa240e21c786c59dfc562f20c3375b22acef23038eb17ced010e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498505445.jpg?k=fe86a723c573d5aa2e3ab50b2d5cb7ba14cc3b446c66684b7cf0d51338b35083&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Relax 100 m"\n  - "Oh Lola 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pérez"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! We loved the accommodation, really cozy, clean, and equipped. Visar was exceptionally kind to us and took great care to ensure that we had a pleasant stay.”"\n  - name: "Faslliu"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura stupenda molto curata in ogni dettaglio pulita e servita di ogni cosa ci sia bisogno mi sono sentita a casa <3 anche il rapporto qualità prezzo ottimo personale gentilissimo”"\n  - name: "Lisen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This place was truly amazing. Very clean, the house had everything you needed and honestly it felt like home. The bed was very comfortable. The owners were very willing to help you any moment. Highly recommended from me.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nucis-place-1-bedroom-2-beds-apartment-with-balcony-near-blloku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility and privacy, boasting a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those evenings in. The dining space and fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, while the balcony presents serene garden views, offering a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. Upon arrival, guests are welcomed into their own personal retreat through a private entrance, greeted by thoughtful touches such as complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies, enhancing the homely atmosphere. Additionally, the commitment to a non-smoking and soundproof environment ensures a peaceful stay.

Strategically situated near notable landmarks such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Rinia Park, Nuçi's Place affords its guests the luxury of exploring Tirana's cultural highlights with ease. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, adds to the convenience, making it an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.