---\ntitle: "Nuçi's Place 2, entire sunny apartment with balcony"\ndescription: "Nuçi's Place 2 shines as a beacon of modern comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana, boasting a recent renovation that promises guests a stay wrapped in contemporary luxury."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512937001.jpg?k=77868bceaf2b627dfc709fe0d1c184cacfd5ae9972380ac2550b68589a6136b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: nu-i-s-place-2-entire-sunny-apartment-with-balcony\naddress: "35 Rruga Jusuf Vrioni, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31915296\n  lng: 19.80493464\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512937001.jpg?k=77868bceaf2b627dfc709fe0d1c184cacfd5ae9972380ac2550b68589a6136b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512936576.jpg?k=dd93ad741e1515b1aec2809cbe559be963698fa43456a63ae6263a1dfc823215&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512936987.jpg?k=ad03d82f2e14f61a704c00bf6033584810eeda4a72daef874f65cfa29b8eb091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512937029.jpg?k=c498ca25e3223f3b2dfceb6c01a98f75b5656b761c39040f1eab6312a09b9217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512937005.jpg?k=470c1d12b0e27e0ca63ffeb06b7251e0041707cc76adf2ff19ff22d7e2135813&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512936968.jpg?k=e66bf989cf051c6d07d9d759ed60fb722b6255a6e2bd10d725e4b36dc7ead83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512937026.jpg?k=b17d5609e12c0cda9ecee22de49db041cc5a30e5326a3c38c7185a0573f85621&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512936749.jpg?k=94051e8e46bef8a99af30e308591199b654a8925086f0ab32ece855b5364a76f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512942525.jpg?k=18925621c3d810afe2d228f3d5a2d602f61b888da83d481b15f5fbd5eea62c8c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Relax 100 m"\n  - "Johannas Barbecue 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Armando"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very understanding host and comfortable and nice house”"\n  - name: "Olena"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Спасибо за ваше доброжелательное отношение и гостеприимство. Нам было очень приятно остановиться у вас! Все чисто, наполнение квартиры отличное. Есть все что могло бы пригодиться путешественникам. Настоятельно рекомендуем останавливаться тут!;)”"\n  - name: "Fridona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Not only was the apartment very cozy, home like, stylish and beautiful but I was impressed by all the rooms being fully equipped. It rarely happens to find new toothbrush and dental floss at daily rentals. Also everything smelled so nice. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nucis-place-2-one-br-sunny-apt-w-balcony.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, featuring one bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that comes alive with natural light. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful amenities, including bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those relaxing nights in, and a fully equipped kitchen for culinary exploits. The balcony offers serene mountain views, setting the scene for tranquil mornings or peaceful evening reflections. Designed with privacy and comfort in mind, the apartment boasts a private entrance and soundproofing, ensuring a restful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle.

For those seeking a bit of leisurely fun, the apartment offers darts, adding a playful touch to the stay. The location is unbeatable for those eager to explore, with Rinia Park, Reja - The Cloud, and the House of Leaves all within easy reach. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 14 km away, making Nuçi's Place 2 an accessible and attractive choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of exploration and relaxation in Tirana.