---\ntitle: "Ocean Wisdom 582"\ndescription: "Ocean Wisdom 582 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Durrës, mere steps away from the inviting sands of Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426370948.jpg?k=c002ec554506b302e808edab80e69a0b77f295d9be8d1c8c4ddc5c385de223d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ocean-wisdom-582\naddress: "8F7G+GCX Plazh 13 Durres ap. 26, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31363325\n  lng: 19.47645058\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426370948.jpg?k=c002ec554506b302e808edab80e69a0b77f295d9be8d1c8c4ddc5c385de223d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426371148.jpg?k=179cc16a5fbaba0e6620852eafdbd9d5214d8252ec324e90b5cd6a2eeaf87448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426371122.jpg?k=75fc24aba5acb09af677cc17a0014e56a72e82be6e3c47ca5beef1eb725317e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426370949.jpg?k=41502001276091889e78577def098899bba30491651f7ec63188c439a793d30d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429423400.jpg?k=8e55637268b7566ae679534fde6f93ef9f70d3b5b199647af6e247825d43b88e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426370987.jpg?k=6f59c7d40ebcf7008336647d14c9442b5f64b501b9e92e23109aae913a92f9eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426371029.jpg?k=ea8cfd083806284c6774f2b9d2bf630472081e7ddea447c670f5ab662a9d50dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426371010.jpg?k=a41a6b7940b77f568b5e4f4c4a5da3a1a0ff286793284a3e79a84843e7254156&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426371043.jpg?k=24f36ed37633c63a3d03938ab2b7a3dfc684641074e6e0847cd0229429daf139&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Recep Tayyip Erdogan 40 m"\n  - "Spiranca 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Armenia"\n    text: "“Amazing sea view! Location - on the beach. Very well equipped clean apartment.”"\n  - name: "Fruzsina"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“It was minimal and cosy, feels like home. We had everything we needed, clean and equipped, comfortable. The balcony is the best ever! There was a constuction in front of us but the windows’ isolation is so good we couldn’t hear a noise.
Btw...”"\n  - name: "Ivana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartman je moderno sređen sa ukusom, veoma čist i sa predivnom terasom. Ima puno mesta za odlaganje stvari, veoma je konforan i sa puno dnevne svetlosti. Lokacija odlična, grad je blizu, prodavnice, plaza, restorani… Sve preporuke…”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-582.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment at Ocean Wisdom 582 is designed with space and comfort in mind, featuring a generous layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a terrace that boasts stunning sea views. Modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV, free WiFi, and air conditioning ensure a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The kitchen, equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like them, while the inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of convenience.

For those who love to dine al fresco, the property's outdoor dining area provides the perfect setting to enjoy meals with a view. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment facilitates exploration of the surrounding area, allowing guests to discover local attractions such as the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha with ease.

Located conveniently 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Ocean Wisdom 582 also offers a paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible for guests. Whether it's the allure of the beach or the call of local landmarks, this property stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës.