---\ntitle: "ODA Guest House"\ndescription: "ODA Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Korçë, a mere stone's throw from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234588120.jpg?k=4dc0a374c5b7a5944df452495f43ef6414c7a7831ab49378cd3e433df2b9abc3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: oda-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Xhavit Dishnica Lagjja 7, Nr. 7, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61637659\n  lng: 20.77548159\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 129\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/234588120.jpg?k=4dc0a374c5b7a5944df452495f43ef6414c7a7831ab49378cd3e433df2b9abc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329449171.jpg?k=5b6cddd915ea0e8d55cc1f74bdab056d26c7bf87176767a6b73c5ee811edefce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329449170.jpg?k=3efbf0c6ae687d20e99388e95ba31a1c4461b29ba746d12e922b9fd7c858769c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276513035.jpg?k=a5ecf6ab5e322bd2b16329d261dc57f309b97b0d27eb1685c6240ba249affdb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316610936.jpg?k=d1493e278087c3a2262f9dbb60fffcdaaaf979a979b37b9f0f0edb93b982ff81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/329449173.jpg?k=e486cdb45570da4d4788f1ce107a247261daf68bebbb84accbcefef29919d6bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255475234.jpg?k=0906de227c0d3f4a9eee6c3887f421da11905153c211fb7e33ccc01817761d11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276511795.jpg?k=ee5a83541ed8b59013082204a0696c921ea73958a115a50fe111ffd936341b13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412580455.jpg?k=22f9ef305417807a3e52bd7b0a236977bad3bc9c5d3053a7c19e96669c17410e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shija e Saçit 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Troja 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 150 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 150 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 650 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dhimitraq"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location in the center of Korça and very friendly and helpful hosts. The room was big and spacious. Also, got a great breakfast.Exceptional.”"\n  - name: "Umut"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms are spacious with private bathroom. everywhere was clean. owners are polite, nice people. breakfast was great. hairdryer would be great to dry out wet shoes but we didn’t ask for it, probably they’d have one😅”"\n  - name: "Maradona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Akomodimi i mire afer qendres parkim i sigurt mengjes i bollshem 🙂”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/oda-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at ODA Guest House are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and convenient. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with a bidet and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the guest experience. Moreover, select rooms elevate the stay further with the addition of a balcony, inviting guests to enjoy the serene garden views.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the benefits of complimentary WiFi throughout their stay, ensuring that they remain connected with the world while basking in the tranquility of ODA Guest House.

Situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, the guest house's location makes it a convenient base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Korçë and its surroundings. Whether it's the allure of nearby natural wonders or the comfort and charm of the guest house itself, ODA Guest House stands out as a premier choice for discerning travelers.