---\ntitle: "Oda`s Room"\ndescription: "Oda's Room emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Sarandë, striking the perfect balance between convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129427.jpg?k=d874163af79f7b42eefb1f2fb10339f74a18ce2d87576249076954b6901de80d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: oda-s-room\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87573488\n  lng: 20.00501507\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129427.jpg?k=d874163af79f7b42eefb1f2fb10339f74a18ce2d87576249076954b6901de80d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129503.jpg?k=8d8827190635287386f14ce1e2fecd80cba182926ce50b3976c2610e2a42822b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129555.jpg?k=16cc3215fd24db560118b931188553e0264bda4009823bf498fa5791b5ed37bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460559610.jpg?k=38653ae260a92f3d97a23e42f136fbe983614dc16692ad83b23545170467fe13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129531.jpg?k=65cbcea8746e6e100f44c6d03794f8947d9a3106870bef4675411c8d031a70a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464129321.jpg?k=c2447437d20482806e9fcffd9db34e9e19833acb483d6827338b2c3fcad04f2f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oda e Babës 20 m"\n  - "Pasuria E Detit - Fish Store 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 450 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Estel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great experience staying in Oda’s room. The room was improvised according to the old southern Albanian houses, it was clean and the beds were comfortable, the room had a balcony, the view was really nice. The staff was friendly and helpful....”"\n  - name: "Filippo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great location in Saranda.
The staff and owner are very kind and very helpful.
The rooms are well-kept and spotless.
We also had dinner at the property... what can I say... all excellent and above all different from the usual restaurants in...”"\n  - name: "Silvano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Cozy facility, reserved parking space, cleanliness, excellent location. Lovely breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/oda-s-room.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Oda's Room are treated to well-appointed accommodations, each featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights, a desk for any work or planning needs, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. The essence of home is captured with the inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and the thoughtful addition of bed linen and towels. Moreover, the convenience of having a fridge in the room adds an extra layer of comfort for guests wishing to keep beverages and snacks close at hand.

The hotel prides itself on offering a seamless experience, underscored by complimentary WiFi throughout the property and the provision of free private parking for those arriving by car. The presence of a 24-hour front desk ensures that guests' needs are promptly attended to at any hour, further enhancing the stay.

Dining at the hotel's restaurant allows guests to savor local flavors without having to venture far, making it an ideal option for leisurely meals. For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, La Petite Beach awaits at a distance of 1.3 km, offering a more secluded spot for sunbathing and relaxation. Meanwhile, the historic allure of Butrint National Park is just 17 km away, promising a fascinating day trip for nature and history enthusiasts alike.

Located 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Oda's Room represents a convenient choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and exploration in Sarandë.