---\ntitle: "Off"\ndescription: "Off emerges as a serene oasis in Kavajë, boasting a lush garden and well-appointed barbecue facilities, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Qerret Beach and the scenic Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494734315.jpg?k=11e5c90cda189a5a485326390adf9a56739d87aa34538383c4fcb1ea4834de8d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: off\naddress: "rruga hencve, 2501 Kavajë, Albania"\ncity: "Kavajë"\nlocation: "Kavajë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21554584\n  lng: 19.51485312\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494734315.jpg?k=11e5c90cda189a5a485326390adf9a56739d87aa34538383c4fcb1ea4834de8d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 750 m"\n  - "Piceri Cegrani 800 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 850 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 13 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 13 km"\n  - "Bekimi 13 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hasler.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Off are treated to a thoughtfully designed apartment that features a separate bedroom, ensuring privacy and a peaceful night's sleep. The fully equipped kitchen caters to those who enjoy preparing their own meals, adding a touch of home comfort to the travel experience. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

For those looking to explore the surrounding area, Off provides a shuttle service, making it effortless to venture out. Additionally, a car rental service is available on-site, offering the ultimate convenience for guests wishing to discover the local sights at their own pace.

Situated 23 km from the historic Durres Amphitheatre and 48 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Off represents an ideal base for both history enthusiasts and those embarking on their next adventure. This property stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm.