---\ntitle: "Old Bazaar Rooms"\ndescription: "Old Bazaar Rooms emerges as a distinguished guest house, located in the heart of Korçë's historic district, merely 43 km away from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205203746.jpg?k=36b98205b1399d52fdd0953d5a2bd9743708a14f3d77115776e4d5e54182d94e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: old-bazaar-rooms\naddress: "Rrugica Piro Lena Pazari i Vjeter, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61774579\n  lng: 20.77504328\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 215\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205203746.jpg?k=36b98205b1399d52fdd0953d5a2bd9743708a14f3d77115776e4d5e54182d94e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204220438.jpg?k=c254ebdb6f1590c6749d0e3871a4c3c33312a48804eb78ab7e25e2d61dff59d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/252162989.jpg?k=a3379bfe819a868a7b66e3885f4c90aa461e8118c8947869ea29284c7b103761&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223104288.jpg?k=a45c1ba5377aa20f2afc7a4220a5fd2efc762f280962713adbfa5481e17da0e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223127658.jpg?k=16e7667c6f97d00bb4de12386d06fd55d5ccb6c4a94f1a589baa284a2a827303&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223127323.jpg?k=fe39ac91e07efe7d77c812f5e86d9d3b3e5f493ba2e2ea13480a403b7a0c77bd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe \Bistro 1760\\"\" 30 m"\n  - "Fix Si Qemoti 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 600 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hotel was located at the best part of the town. Rooms and halls were cleaned .Also the staff was good.”"\n  - name: "Therese"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“We loved our stay in this beautiful hotel right in the middle of the most interesting part of town. The staff were great too and it was good value for money.”"\n  - name: "Brunilda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I like the position of the hotel which is very central and near by the main attractions of the city. The staff was very helpful and nice and the room was clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/old-bazaar-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of a private entrance, setting the stage for an experience that prioritizes comfort and privacy. The guest house is renowned for its family-friendly accommodations, complemented by an outdoor fireplace that adds a touch of warmth to the communal spaces.

Accommodations at Old Bazaar Rooms are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each unit is furnished with a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The private bathrooms are equipped with walk-in showers and slippers, ensuring a blend of luxury and practicality. For those who value connectivity, free WiFi is available throughout the property, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a terrace. The convenience of air conditioning and the modernity of a flat-screen TV are standard across all units, ensuring a stay that marries the comforts of home with the novelty of travel.

For moments of relaxation, the shared lounge area provides a welcoming space for guests to mingle or simply enjoy a moment of quiet reflection.

Situated 43 km from the Monastery Saint Naum and 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Old Bazaar Rooms offers a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Korçë and its surroundings. Whether it's the allure of historic sites or the natural beauty of the region, this guest house serves as an ideal gateway to the treasures of Albania.