---\ntitle: "Old town boulevard apartment in city center"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at the Old Town Boulevard Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the city's heart."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636612.jpg?k=7007272350600c3569a8af5ea4d22e9ab7062b93a538f83439872ff08ff3a835&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: old-town-boulevard-apartment-in-city-center\naddress: "Bulevardi Dyrrah, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31171091\n  lng: 19.44728471\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636612.jpg?k=7007272350600c3569a8af5ea4d22e9ab7062b93a538f83439872ff08ff3a835&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636593.jpg?k=bbb573a01592a198270b4355bb92a6712a48071c522cfc97ef3bffa07ea88cf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636601.jpg?k=4f03b2deba984d0a380c20193e4c018a7efeff5b0d91e71e04532800be3b7b67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636602.jpg?k=eaa1efb7b6942ad7477293895d62a4d5821cecab075be973acf8495f5144320a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636609.jpg?k=4d50a59ea13aaa1af4b1fe4d2dccaec5c2f767d71b74e0934b98ff0da92b52f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458863636.jpg?k=58381f57cbb3759129c30e352bcbfad243a68d50ade8b603e112a5559382e291&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636598.jpg?k=10bf8756800c49361b494e41e27afaa36aab40f34e9c3508284be4a8738ef980&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636548.jpg?k=09eae7c23b21a9d9de49baa0ae8160db18ae7437038b8f45656ac279550606db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461636597.jpg?k=312d1f391eba7903f7efc6d42881002b1f4ecdc8064033a8fe26065450fac06e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Proper Pizza 50 m"\n  - "Boss Tetova 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 350 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 200 m"\n  - "1. Maj 350 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 450 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 650 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hasan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Apartment was fully equipped and comfortable. We stayed there for 3 days and enjoyed staying there.
Very good location to city center and Fabian was extremely friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment is in the very centre of town - near the boulvards, shops and restaurants. It's really spacious and well equipped. Easy and flexible check-in and a very very welcoming host. We DO recommend this place to everybody!”"\n  - name: "Suzana"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The owner was very helpful and accomodating to our early arrival at the property. Short walking distance to the centre and the foreshore, where all the shops, restaurants and the night live are.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/old-town-boulevard-apartment-in-city-center-of-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe Old Town Boulevard Apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it's a haven of spaciousness and modern amenities. Guests are welcomed into a world of comfort with air-conditioned interiors that include two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The presence of two bathrooms, each equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to convenience and comfort.

In addition to its inviting interiors, the apartment ensures a worry-free stay with around-the-clock front desk service, full-day security, and even a currency exchange facility for international guests. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in every aspect of the accommodation, which maintains a strict non-smoking policy to ensure a pleasant environment for all.

Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a baby safety gate, making this apartment a suitable choice for guests of all ages. While the allure of the nearby Rock of Kavaje and the historical insights from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha await exploration, the apartment's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 34 km away, is complemented by the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring seamless arrivals and departures.

The Old Town Boulevard Apartment in Durrës is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the city's rich culture and beautiful landscapes, all while enjoying the comforts of a home away from home.