---\ntitle: "Old Beach Apartment Vlora"\ndescription: "Old Beach Apartment Vlora stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368896494.jpg?k=c137e39986b7df6daf10a02975cfe9663166be74850d2a3488811940684ace7c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: old-beach-apartment-vlora\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, Plazhi Vjeter, Vlore, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45780666\n  lng: 19.46920347\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368896494.jpg?k=c137e39986b7df6daf10a02975cfe9663166be74850d2a3488811940684ace7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314701.jpg?k=98e6f988f000089b66a325608b3d9e469d18938c000aa2c2250f8407613e96a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314614.jpg?k=ee4350b8e24dee0e8b2b86ea4a681065b7402ca1ac0ba24bba873c669a296548&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314683.jpg?k=6324117a603d3af576a2444b5863157398615ee4cbe69546a7dc30d76c3c3b7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314676.jpg?k=659d09b3a0ddbc2a04e6ea5600a24a83a3bd4a12cc56c5abfc8fc652415cd08c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314696.jpg?k=5ab3ff282511cc603af74d4fb44504f6a9eb30e064306ce0eb663862523e16fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314710.jpg?k=ad8dc37a4bef17575a034ce4470f063c31b5dc4605d2bd9f903841d2c88cab70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314670.jpg?k=bdd813c05f5cfc451675dff63a2b0b93e49a9ca78501b084097442d5e16c0102&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368314690.jpg?k=700c46291e975e8cf08e08d0c76d494c9e077cf7ad260883129d39468a9bf449&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 100 m"\n  - "Love Beach 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 50 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is modernly designed and very comfortable positioned on the seashore. It had all necessary amenities for a pleasant stay, including a laundry room. At a close walking distance we could find markets, bars and restaurants while the...”"\n  - name: "Edlira"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I loved my stay at Old Beach Apartment Vlora from the very beginning, as the location at the side of the sea offered a superb location. The house has all of the appliances, making it confortable and cozy. All of the rooms were very clean and...”"\n  - name: "Vera"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was one of the best apartments I have stayed in Albania and it exceeded our expectations. The location was perfect and right in front of the beach. It was nicely furnished, very clean and new. The bad was very comfortable and the apartment had...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/old-beach-apartment-vlora.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. It boasts two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a coffee machine, ensuring guests feel right at home. The convenience of a modern bathroom equipped with either a bath or shower, alongside a hair dryer, adds to the thoughtful amenities provided. Entertainment needs are also met with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV.

For those who enjoy a good drink, the convenience of an on-site bar enhances the stay, allowing guests to unwind without having to venture far. 

Explorers looking to venture beyond the comforts of Old Beach Apartment Vlora will find Vlore Beach just 2.7 km away, offering a different scene of coastal beauty. The historical Independence Square is also within reach, located 3.4 km from the apartment, offering a glimpse into the rich culture and history of Vlorë.

For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making Old Beach Apartment Vlora an accessible retreat for both local and foreign visitors seeking a tranquil beachfront experience in Albania.