---\ntitle: "Old Bazaar 1790"\ndescription: "Old Bazaar 1790 emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Gjirokastër, boasting seamless connectivity with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74096050.jpg?k=e56a622b1ca16050f532b11eb43097c5597975c27912772da9a31659e7bd5384&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: old-bazaar-1790\naddress: "Rruga Astrit Karagjozi, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07333501\n  lng: 20.137079\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 308\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74096050.jpg?k=e56a622b1ca16050f532b11eb43097c5597975c27912772da9a31659e7bd5384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74102370.jpg?k=c903c19f9f52ced22ef17c94f6a028114901a85dbd32f66b524d480f286c2235&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74278353.jpg?k=dd6191a522f69e4cbe9bca3059f6037a10b9a09837899f14257b2798cb17c31d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74209642.jpg?k=3c330b241044a5e80fe5cdf86318315f039c2b281d947d0b3d1159b2849f144d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74277057.jpg?k=1640679d0824d82931c103d856b304ae54396c496431def2973cdcb57f8fabdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73792626.jpg?k=29fddb87f837c86ab1f8c202b5fc352d5b750229e0437a1b2e4d0b0b024764a5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Suite"\n  - "Superior Triple Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Kuka 30 m"\n  - "Check-in 50 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Corinne"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Breakfast was amazing and set on nice covered balcony. The staff was welcoming and helpful in giving us recommendations. The rooms are beautiful!!! Like sleeping in a museum”"\n  - name: "Stephen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location and very helpful who went above to accommodate an early start on the morning we left. It was the most comfortable bed we had in Albania. The breakfast was really good. Highly recommended”"\n  - name: "Jazz057"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Very well located, a stone throw away from the Old Town and the Old Bazaar. Very quiet at night. Both building and interior are Ottoman style, which is very charming. The room is comfortable with all the necessities. The Albanian breakfast is...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/old-bazaar-1970.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to scenic mountain panoramas, complemented by the hotel's inviting terrace, perfect for moments of relaxation or contemplation. Accommodations at Old Bazaar 1790 are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring work desks, flat-screen TVs, and en-suite bathrooms for privacy and convenience. Air conditioning is standard in all rooms, with select spaces enhancing the experience with private balconies. For added ease, each room is equipped with a refrigerator, catering to personal refreshment needs.

Located a scenic drive of 55 km from Sarandë, Old Bazaar 1790 positions itself as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region.