---\ntitle: "Olimpia"\ndescription: "Olimpia emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw from the serene Durres Beach and a mere 3 km from the picturesque Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483741034.jpg?k=62d7eee8202de98c5b495c45129a33053cde4f1c5aa532363089cad2c52a0c5f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olimpia\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia 1, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30256429\n  lng: 19.49413804\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483741034.jpg?k=62d7eee8202de98c5b495c45129a33053cde4f1c5aa532363089cad2c52a0c5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/483741135.jpg?k=856a29aa86bcd6b03b2b391ce41c6412a59b1da634cb63218f087f478c95d110&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/483741142.jpg?k=e3db95c1c97e1aa8b5819927f4adea41a5065d2cb5955daa2f0575ee7fa5ae17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/483741150.jpg?k=675ac4579b89f9bf57d42cf7c960c42709e2ecbea3db0f8fc2c5c2d83b63f2a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/483741158.jpg?k=dbe042430c60f2088cc427cc37e921fe2721e17cf283b86a792e34d99312c3e9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 50 m"\n  - "Daril Beer Snack 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olimpia-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility and practicality, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy crafting their meals, and a bathroom that caters to the essentials of daily refreshment. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to leisure at their fingertips.

Beyond the confines of this cozy retreat, the property stands a short 4.3 km from the Rock of Kavaje, while history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, located 40 km and 7.8 km away, respectively. For those intrigued by Albania's historical narrative, the House of Leaves museum is also within a manageable distance of 39 km, as is Rinia Park, offering a slice of local life and greenery.

Connectivity is a breeze, with free WiFi enveloping the property, ensuring that guests remain linked to the wider world while enjoying their secluded getaway. Moreover, the convenience of being just 34 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Olimpia an ideal choice for both international travelers and those on domestic jaunts, looking for a seamless transition to their vacation or business stay.

In summary, Olimpia stands out as a meticulously appointed base for exploring the enchantments of Durrës and beyond, offering a blend of accessibility, comfort, and a touch of home-away-from-home.