---\ntitle: "Olive Tree"\ndescription: "Olive Tree emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201453441.jpg?k=0293f2457150e9c0eea75640e04480b9cbb397a8c1916b74ad1b230033759224&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olive-tree\naddress: "Rruga Eduard Mano 18, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30716934\n  lng: 19.81202357\nprice: "US$82"\npriceFrom: 82\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201453441.jpg?k=0293f2457150e9c0eea75640e04480b9cbb397a8c1916b74ad1b230033759224&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347786485.jpg?k=337f82205395f58cfb3eb2bb875666dfd57511983d560b07c71167bb16800306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153707587.jpg?k=48d99678b76ac7b82842a8002c7c9669c33aceb85b17fe65ede50e75002a2312&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260649031.jpg?k=d3dd106f7a42e55e1a0b5d5bb0c5fb1db2e27e63bfab95f619017e96fa5035e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260648769.jpg?k=d30a72eaec1f3883b337a795956da85ee27086d86a00d8c0a580f43724c464eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260649440.jpg?k=aeabd4bcf625ea6f51bac61439cd62ad1702a59dbe63a13340facf98905b968b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347786221.jpg?k=45d954292790cd8a5b58064c6634900cf4ad9383cc33da5c34412180ab0f9915&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/132503192.jpg?k=3f0fcf1dbac1629f5d4503fb2ad40cc5555d9b305db3444cfacaab930c2970d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/260649139.jpg?k=7b5ac86b39a993dc795860b0780f351a17a9eb11230fdb5fa46f9d9878063037&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (100 Mbps)"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "GAD BAR 8 m"\n  - "Favola Snack & Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pylli Orbital 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aaron"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was great! Such lovely attention to detail. The host wonderful and very helpful.
The location is great and very well connected by bus, but also a really nice walk to the centre through the very big park right across the road.”"\n  - name: "Marinela"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! We would love to go to this place again next time we visit Tirana. A real gem in a central location, yet quiet, with a modern interior and design. The owners are very welcoming and nice! We enjoyed even more our stay...”"\n  - name: "Jonáš"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Being at Elton's house with my wife was enjoyable for a variety of reasons.
1. The apartment was excellent, extremely well furnished, attractive, chic.
2. The location was great—it was close to the town and only two minutes from the lake. We...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olive-tree-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities and home comforts. It boasts a spacious layout that includes a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, microwave, and toaster, ensuring guests can easily prepare their meals. The living area is designed for relaxation, featuring a cozy seating area, a dining space, and the added entertainment of a Nintendo Wii. The bedroom promises a restful night's sleep, while the bathroom, equipped with a bidet and shower, adds an extra layer of convenience. Notably, the apartment is air-conditioned and extends to a terrace adorned with outdoor furniture, perfect for enjoying the scenic views. A flat-screen TV with streaming services, along with complimentary bed linen, towels, and laundry service, ensures every stay is as comfortable as it is enjoyable.

Dining at Olive Tree is a delightful experience, with an on-site restaurant catering to a variety of tastes for dinner, lunch, brunch, and high tea in a family-friendly atmosphere.

For those looking to explore the outdoors, the area is renowned for cycling and fishing opportunities. The convenience of bike and car hire directly from the apartment allows guests to venture out with ease. Families will appreciate the children's playground and picnic area, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Situated a short distance from notable attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Olive Tree not only promises a memorable stay but also provides a paid airport shuttle service for seamless travel arrangements.