---\ntitle: "Olive Tree Apartment"\ndescription: "Olive Tree Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103665567.jpg?k=eb88869a9d1d427a48ba6a879b473b33a6748bd1b545ec64d36f2e884dc44c07&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olive-tree-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Guri Nazifi Mitat Hoxha, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87209188\n  lng: 19.99262538\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/103665567.jpg?k=eb88869a9d1d427a48ba6a879b473b33a6748bd1b545ec64d36f2e884dc44c07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99288274.jpg?k=bcf4221978e3855530af17b280ee5bad1aa4635a972aa16eb511b93ab1ede687&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140234254.jpg?k=ca16bdfc9d6275d258cc97ae41dc0b5bddf93fb3071107f7bbe4418974054320&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99287392.jpg?k=bed25c9554e1056d407f90003ce25c2e471a5cc8e3ca9fd697f657f5e80d4bc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140234286.jpg?k=ba3d43bfd7a3b4708363a1587c5b8d119684bf2b7e16381c2c1bb5cde167430b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99290455.jpg?k=8fdc7969a2493e82ee3ce0b7b8f41087f22901b73ef4bc880f1ff98f0abcd5a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/221807267.jpg?k=97be3cd289940fbf057f480504519fedc8559d28906790923de1b1780a02bf15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200679194.jpg?k=36543697e82c2add828f516cb44a0dd7eaa46db19d5dab67287b69f58f2ce61b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99292409.jpg?k=d5f07b5adb42428847a67023e63ffb3dcd1f5d96982f7322647db86821114568&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 40 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Saracuta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We stayed in Saranda for three nights.
The host is very helpful, he met us at the port and helped us with luggage. The apartment is clean and everything works like it should be.”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Cimi is a very accommodating, helpful host. He gives you tips on how you can make your holiday in Saranda pleasant beyond the well-trodden tourist routes. The accommodation is very clean, the beds are comfortably padded. Everything needed was...”"\n  - name: "Branko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Cimi is an exceptional host and friend. He was always there to help, to give advice on where to see and what to see, where to eat and what to eat, and he did his best to make our stay in Saranda really great. The apartment is more than...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olive-tree-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Olive Tree is a haven of relaxation, boasting a private balcony, a cozy seating area, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle, ensures guests feel right at home. The convenience extends to the private bathroom, featuring a walk-in shower and hair dryer, with the added comfort of provided bed linen and towels.

For those looking to unwind, the on-site bar presents a perfect spot to relax. The apartment complex enhances the stay experience by offering a grocery delivery service upon request, catering to all culinary needs. Families visiting with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay.

Adventure seekers and explorers will find Olive Tree Apartment ideally situated, with car rental services available for those eager to discover the area. Fishing enthusiasts have the opportunity to indulge in their hobby nearby, adding to the array of activities accessible to guests.

Beyond the immediate comforts and conveniences, Olive Tree Apartment serves as an excellent base for exploring the wider Saranda area. The property is conveniently located 1.7 km from Saranda City Beach and a mere 18 km from the historical Butrint National Park. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 98 km away, making Olive Tree Apartment an accessible and attractive option for both domestic and international visitors.