---\ntitle: "Olivia's Hill Resort"\ndescription: "Olivia's Hill Resort stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Durrës, a mere stone's throw away from the serene Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449463791.jpg?k=f74530e47713a38c2cb174aed26a250789201a73f6c6f0b97ee268ce121c6818&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olivia-s-hill-resort\naddress: "Rruga Iliria Golem, Durres, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26970061\n  lng: 19.52049987\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 637\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449463791.jpg?k=f74530e47713a38c2cb174aed26a250789201a73f6c6f0b97ee268ce121c6818&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457878107.jpg?k=e79224f67b816235ddb1197c8b22c2e62a8f828fea3ed4837b5d8b1bcc268ad1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444257817.jpg?k=86f791615766a8c70f6539609fddf8aabaa963674a4d86949f0b32717c0c52e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444281008.jpg?k=2c1072e1181fb0e041470f8ecbdb06a757b10d4779538fc29ba92e4842044c42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444312574.jpg?k=b6aeb992e4234d7511bc67beff887bc5a57dd4ed177b6c92e968c600c3f1226a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444421619.jpg?k=5d6ecef185b9ca85304e3894ea60b48cb555a0b4b849b7784ad3fdd2df0932a9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard King Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Queen Room with Garden View"\n  - "Suite with Garden View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Garden View"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fresh Fish 150 m"\n  - "Anxhelson 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 500 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paley"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Staff were friendly. Hotel rooms very clean and we were looked after. Restaurant and pool are exceptional. It's a holiday without leaving the hotel.”"\n  - name: "Ibrahim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was a great stay. I will definitely go to this hotel again.”"\n  - name: "Corinna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great staff, the whole concept of the hotel seems smart and works great. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and well equipped, the pool area is very nice. It is clean and you feel very welcomed. The restaurant serves good quality food.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olivia-39-s-hill-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Olivia's Hill Resort are a testament to thoughtful luxury, with each air-conditioned room boasting essentials and extras alike: a desk for the working traveler, a kettle and fridge for in-room refreshments, a minibar for those evening relaxations, and a safety deposit box for peace of mind. Entertainment and comfort are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV, while the private balcony offers a personal oasis. The private bathrooms, equipped with showers, ensure privacy and convenience, complemented by the provision of fresh bed linen and towels.

For those with a penchant for exploration on two wheels, the resort is ideally situated in a cyclist's paradise, with bike hire readily available for guests eager to discover the local landscape. Beyond the immediate comforts of the resort, Golem Beach beckons at just 1.2 km away, with Durres Beach offering its sandy shores at a distance of 2.2 km. For travelers looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 37 km away, with the resort offering a paid shuttle service for seamless transitions between destinations.

Olivia's Hill Resort not only promises a stay filled with comfort and convenience but also positions itself as a gateway to the natural beauty and cultural richness of Durrës. Whether it's lounging by the pool, exploring the local beaches, or simply enjoying the serene environment, guests are assured a memorable experience.