---\ntitle: "Olivia’s Appartment Saranda"\ndescription: "Olivia's Apartment Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modern amenities in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440556190.jpg?k=a933fe15157efd75c9b5437e729d5507983f0426411c23ee0bda3406285a3f54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olivia-s-appartment-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8717563\n  lng: 19.9978748\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440556190.jpg?k=a933fe15157efd75c9b5437e729d5507983f0426411c23ee0bda3406285a3f54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469898299.jpg?k=628670ac35270877699f22d0afe4babdd340b343196399353372204fc0929332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469898802.jpg?k=399d6b647c0095e8897be86c631e03a97ac0bf0fbf55f0f7a304c913b0766ddc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469898955.jpg?k=7e5e1af926b720d56fae1d4d3b4dac9e04d30763c70170e97ccdb7a8ca93d1c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435510168.jpg?k=63611cc5856073c80ee8d27c80a4510221e5b9ab981dbf51dd57f130f2ee443a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469900071.jpg?k=11dddca2d36f097cf1fcf8c35ccd03e4f87dcdce8d91311b00f02522d47e1c4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469898568.jpg?k=5c63703d2d49bba528e58764ca7d5c9eaa0d7cfaadcb0563cbfb1b27a4c486c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469898672.jpg?k=509981e57fd222d0cbef01f3073cf4c30dc00fabf8504c617c69a5b042c4db53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440556059.jpg?k=fc5b07fd20d436d2f8561eaa7524d5ba88aa819d82af65a52da2ed5ccb3991e3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vibes Lounge Bar 150 m"\n  - "Hot Dog 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Renata"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“Anfitriã prestativa e atenta as nossas demandas. Apto confortável, limpo e com tudo que precisamos. Localização muito boa, perto da praia, com mercados e restaurantes tambem a 10 min. caminhando.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olivias-appartment-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment is distinguished by its commitment to guest services, featuring a complimentary shuttle service, round-the-clock front desk assistance, and seamless connectivity with free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those who prefer a smoke-free environment, this property ensures a clean and fresh stay, located merely a short stroll from Sarande Main Beach.

Designed with the discerning traveler in mind, the apartment boasts a bedroom that marries comfort with style, complemented by a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels for entertainment needs. The kitchen doesn't skimp on amenities either, being fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge. The outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of the city, enhancing the dining experience.

Convenience is further amplified with the inclusion of a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site, catering to guests' immediate needs without having to venture far. For those looking to unwind, a variety of wellness packages are available, promising rejuvenation without leaving the comfort of the apartment. Active guests will appreciate the availability of bike and car hire services, making exploration of the surrounding area, known for its cycling and fishing spots, both easy and enjoyable. Children are not forgotten, with outdoor play equipment available to keep the younger guests entertained.

Situated a mere 1.2 km from Saranda City Beach and 2 km from La Petite Beach, Olivia's Apartment Saranda positions itself as an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For travelers arriving from afar, the nearest airport is Ioannina, 97 km away, with the apartment offering a paid airport shuttle service for a hassle-free transfer.

In summary, Olivia's Apartment Saranda stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, blending the comforts of modern living with the ease of access to Sarandë's charming attractions, making it a compelling option for both short-term and extended stays.