---\ntitle: "Oliver Studios"\ndescription: "Oliver Studios emerges as a serene oasis in Ksamil, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144022523.jpg?k=f9ce4979607961b09042da2e65c55ba7ff978e82b8b5aa2a784538968dc2a72c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: oliver-studios\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77496558\n  lng: 20.00462294\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 216\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144022523.jpg?k=f9ce4979607961b09042da2e65c55ba7ff978e82b8b5aa2a784538968dc2a72c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365584771.jpg?k=49c098c656541ee7747c1014ec74223b87164db02895315e8876a3b7dc6992e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365584883.jpg?k=f3dc392832d1cd19514dfc1c5f4618d80f15b9bed5ce028aaff16d5136a4022c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299556379.jpg?k=b27d823d649e399d576b4d9b9d893fea5f81883e5b0099b925c522bccf35d973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365584504.jpg?k=ecf88ecb6409ba2c3059da2ac8a027a4e7ddad6d378cc951e9763cb61353f30d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365584395.jpg?k=a862727931523e587523d910105895585182fea2ce36dd10d298d7e974301250&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365598327.jpg?k=7f67671f097f49af15d083dbc78342099a4a26c682c0fae1af3cf10a19fd1aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365597949.jpg?k=7555ace512af9e5391574a6aab6a20c82d4e1f831116a5175713028e9bea1569&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365599346.jpg?k=e49d897497c7eaecf65e5f8959a59f16ecf15522b0f28b28986ecdfd4630e58d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\n  - "Shakesbeer 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 250 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 300 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Perfect location, close to the centre but quiet street and short walk to beach. Large and clean room, equipped with everything you need. Very hospitable host. Mr. Enver is such a nice person, we love him. Make sure to try his grilled fish for...”"\n  - name: "Stefan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“the hospitality from the famely is incredible! the atmosphere in the garden is verry lovely. the Studio is clean and has comfortable beds. the famely that owns the place are verry helpful and wants to help you to make it comfortable wherever they...”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“We had a really great time here, therefore I recommend this location if you're visiting Albania. It is pretty close to shops and supermarkets as well as the beach. The rooms are very clean and are equipped with everything you need. Lastly, the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-oliver.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe inn prides itself on its array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. A shared kitchen and round-the-clock front desk service ensure needs are met at any hour, while the entire property boasts free WiFi, catering to the modern traveler's connectivity needs. For those seeking a smoke-free environment, Oliver Studios stands out as a breath of fresh air.

Accommodations at Oliver Studios are thoughtfully appointed to maximize comfort and satisfaction. Each room opens to a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. Inside, air conditioning and flat-screen TVs are standard, with select rooms offering captivating city views. The assurance of a private bathroom with every room underscores the inn's commitment to privacy and convenience.

For dining al fresco, the on-site barbecue facilities provide an ideal setting for casual meals under the sky. 

The inn's location is unbeatable for beach lovers and explorers alike, with Coco Beach, Bora Bora Beach, and the lesser-known Ksamil Beach 7 within easy reach. For those venturing further, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Oliver Studios an accessible retreat for international travelers.

In summary, Oliver Studios presents a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a compelling choice for those visiting Ksamil.