---\ntitle: "Olivea Apartments"\ndescription: "Olivea Apartments, a gem recently polished with renovations, stands a mere 200 meters from the serene Velipoja Beach and a scenic drive away from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, 30 km to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472063113.jpg?k=dce58ad1bea57b67b579bc75a8784dc3793c4e64899388b65cee66a9d0c1570c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olivea-apartments\naddress: "4020 Rruga Shtepia e Peshkatareve, Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86340308\n  lng: 19.42618458\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472063113.jpg?k=dce58ad1bea57b67b579bc75a8784dc3793c4e64899388b65cee66a9d0c1570c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471209869.jpg?k=28ed93406178d25fe6863024868c2a1c179b020967d9250dc02123f11ef7ea98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471976617.jpg?k=64af81d65a65ea4e10750e41d183e5901ab5fedbded9940bb02011e20197b282&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471162073.jpg?k=a2ab2b6708dfd8f9a721b8bff686310118a21c4b8a9a0201111e42e1d30710c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471103012.jpg?k=875cd7278e8b7e04d93268dc5db118dc913d02ac43f6a3f5689646eadfcfcdad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477621424.jpg?k=ed2660703e6602dd0b7cd01ef178e945c86b295dc4e520e2ca8a4ca297171353&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aroma E Gostivarit 50 m"\n  - "Hojza Bakery 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 150 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 13 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 14 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 15 km"\n  - "Saranda 15 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 16 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kristiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I would recommend Olivea apartment 10/10. The apartment was designed carefully it felt like a luxurious home. It had everything you might need. The area was quiet and very close to the beach.”"\n  - name: "Nele"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice interior design and very spacious. You have everything available you need.”"\n  - name: "Gjeloshaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean
The staff was very respectful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olivea-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Olivea is a haven of comfort, boasting balconies that offer breathtaking views of the sea and lush gardens. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen, making it a perfect retreat for both short and long stays. The convenience of a private bathroom, complemented by the provision of free WiFi, bed linen, and towels in each unit, underscores the complex's commitment to guest comfort.

Situated 32 km from the tranquil Lake Skadar and just 83 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Olivea Apartments presents an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the region. Whether it's a family vacation or a solo adventure, this apartment complex promises a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.