---\ntitle: "Olympic Tirana"\ndescription: "Olympic Tirana emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499559402.jpg?k=d49ee9bd379de654028a08c457d5165fa67ee3b48b5782d1383a73676a2e6a40&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: olympic-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Golemi 5, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31585126\n  lng: 19.80870172\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499559402.jpg?k=d49ee9bd379de654028a08c457d5165fa67ee3b48b5782d1383a73676a2e6a40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503987379.jpg?k=69ea0e2e9ae578be7af6f441b8202a7900b368bd992bbe994d32cc35f5c9e80d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503990488.jpg?k=5d6f648d73304a75e55a12dc68eab37a11c90733025c93dfc6e37d7273722002&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505398132.jpg?k=4e26346224006e0b678e0ef7430dc37e3b1788b0be254db139766201a1e8281b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503990374.jpg?k=a3d0ba62a41aec0dd0e3c7c20a9f638f0de74c0899c6435c2e8befcd8adebefb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517736195.jpg?k=57518772f6f223fb982f567211296245555da6b18b7f8b09b846fe2d26f5af46&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fraterie 40 m"\n  - "Twins 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 500 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I was very impressed with the property's location, and the owner was very friendly and ready to help us with anything .”"\n  - name: "Franco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Muy amables y buena gente, siempre presentes para resolver cualquier cuestión. Los departamentos son nuevos y buen equipados. Hermoso espacio de juego para niños.”"\n  - name: "Daniele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento grande e spazioso, pulito, in una zona centrale di Tirana, anche se non in centro, Proprietari gentilissimi e molto accoglienti, disponibili in tutto e a consigliarti al meglio, qualsiasi cosa ti serva. Consigliatissimo”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/olympic-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Olympic Tirana are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned units equipped with private bathrooms. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of balconies, allowing guests to enjoy their own private outdoor space. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the apartment complex, ensuring that guests stay connected during their visit.

Catering to the needs of its diverse clientele, Olympic Tirana boasts an array of amenities including a cozy coffee shop, a welcoming bar, and a lounge area perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Families traveling with children will find the indoor play area, outdoor play equipment, and baby safety gates particularly appealing, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages.

The apartment complex also features a picturesque picnic area, inviting guests to enjoy leisurely days outdoors amidst the property's lush surroundings. 

Situated near several of Tirana's must-see attractions such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Rinia Park, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, Olympic Tirana serves as a perfect base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture. For those arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, adds to the seamless guest experience.

In summary, Olympic Tirana offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, making it a highly recommended choice for travelers visiting Tirana.