---\ntitle: "one step from sea"\ndescription: "One Step from Sea emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953455.jpg?k=7c4e57d7481728c4b49a217ca30c8a31d6f7a492e01ef5077059fd1fe39e08d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: one-step-from-sea\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia,close to vila koral, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31256848\n  lng: 19.47988007\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953455.jpg?k=7c4e57d7481728c4b49a217ca30c8a31d6f7a492e01ef5077059fd1fe39e08d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953589.jpg?k=df07bc3755b9e378c0454ff07c723cf85d58fe03cad703bce23e8798cbb9f702&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953560.jpg?k=e30afd2cca3bf2fa59ad10f2b8ece545a3ad4a8be7c697d173ace9358bd9feff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953520.jpg?k=e053e758ce2699e646c562f1825a2c601c797b312f4f61bfc2b7f23ba154b769&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953540.jpg?k=5cb6909fcd98393fbdbcd7bd2fc5eaa6c8ed9cd1bce0f6e6a21f20e7ed2b34de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953577.jpg?k=37cec1abf2ff2f24182585d32a27b5e2ad3c55777704dd4998628319790a8d39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953572.jpg?k=05dbdbca91c2fcc826e9525ab3ba719ab42986202e6b6784627d8af7b9303e20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953544.jpg?k=6dcbf8518d3488e0fdc4f3683230d330c07d052f63de835dd11d3d2f98425d6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361953511.jpg?k=60d39628110532d77b77f41a9e3d7706f494755f78091df6f7fdad43d7af8321&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bartek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo blisko do plaży, sklepów i restauracji. W apartamencie jest wszystko czego potrzeba. Bardzo dobra obsługa.”"\n  - name: "Sidonia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“appartamento bellissimo, molto pulito e spazioso. host molto gentile e disponibile”"\n  - name: "Burai"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nagyon jó szállás, szuper elhelyezkedéssel, csak ajánlani tudom.
A legszebb strandok max 30 perc autóval .
Az utcában minden van, a tengerpart 1 perc séta.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/one-step-from-sea.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of One Step from Sea is undoubtedly its beachfront allure, offering guests uninterrupted sea views from a private balcony. The spacious apartment is thoughtfully designed to accommodate guests' needs, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room with a satellite flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom equipped with a bidet and bath. To ensure a comfortable stay, the option to request towels and linens is available, catering to the convenience of guests. Moreover, the accommodation prides itself on being allergy-free, ensuring a comfortable environment for all.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are invited to relax in the property's bar or grab essentials at the on-site minimarket, adding an extra layer of ease to their stay. For those looking to explore the local area, Durrës offers a variety of activities, with fishing being a popular choice among visitors.

Strategically positioned, One Step from Sea is not only a stone's throw away from the beach but also conveniently located near significant landmarks, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 41 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, just 7.1 km from the property. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 32 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In essence, One Step from Sea presents itself as an ideal retreat for those looking to enjoy the serene beauty of Durres Beach while having easy access to the city's attractions. Its blend of modern comforts, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities make it a compelling choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Durrës.