---\ntitle: "One-bedroom rooftop skyline central hidden gem in Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from an exceptional vantage point at the One-bedroom rooftop skyline central hidden gem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172847.jpg?k=76906ca0a7eea783f2bdf9529de6750774d121ca6a8d4734ec0271cb029aa60e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: one-bedroom-rooftop-skyline-central-hidden-gem-in-tirana\naddress: "Rr Çameria, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32707919\n  lng: 19.81416681\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172847.jpg?k=76906ca0a7eea783f2bdf9529de6750774d121ca6a8d4734ec0271cb029aa60e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172972.jpg?k=4e6abdf3a2c7311a493e16f5eafa5cdaa4ddabe44bbc09509fb4ffd67f116c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172906.jpg?k=43ed88f99e9929efc377b21f634306f0558a32fa738252cb68ae1d1767032cb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172948.jpg?k=0cf5e00a42f76b479ac5cbf6563a70f83d40d4a631585c527a7f0dc922cf2c69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172910.jpg?k=3b8b401fe1034d8c6f0a9ea1956e3573e1282c377e1c4da9dd2d1ff1de587625&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449173065.jpg?k=81d5a61ae2ed9eea08a8d1930cc6c7197ea566d9fc889f01e36fe5d3edb51682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172981.jpg?k=e0aa1d8c0ac277de9e742e8ceee6a2147b4c4c90ecb8e3c7f312b820384bab49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449172886.jpg?k=f17a229777205f996be224debdfe8f28718a90476204b4e753c2ef23d2553522&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449177817.jpg?k=1ee2b08998f96b04c0bb89fc81497c90290c687f187a2c885d243cba7aeb62e4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Capitol Meat & Chicken 150 m"\n  - "Sophie 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alessio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful time at this apartment. It's in the middle of the city, so it's easy to go places. The rooftop is a cool place to relax and see the view. The place is very clean and comfortable. The host is wonderful and very helpful.”"\n  - name: "Davit"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Everything was wonderful! Good central location, nice, modern apartment! The lady who met us and checked us in was amazing, she helped us a lot with everything, she was extremely kind and helpful! I recommend this accommodation!”"\n  - name: "Nermin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“This place is very clean have everything very modern I like it only problem is 6 floor not have elevator but property boss is very understanding and she is very helpful about everything is big pleasure to rest there”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/one-bedroom-rooftop-skyline-central-hidden-gem-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting a prime location, this property is within easy reach of the city's most sought-after attractions, including the Et'hem Bey Mosque, Reja - The Cloud, and the National Museum of History Albania. Moreover, it's just a stone's throw away from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, enriching guests' stay with a slice of the country's rich history.

The apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style. Guests are treated to a suite of modern amenities, including complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge. The inclusion of a washing machine, along with bed linen, towels, and laundry service, ensures a hassle-free stay, whether for short trips or extended getaways.

The terrace is a highlight, offering unparalleled views of Tirana's skyline, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the city's atmosphere from a unique rooftop perspective. The convenience of private check-in and check-out adds an exclusive touch to the experience, making every stay as seamless as it is memorable.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate vicinity, the apartment is conveniently located near the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana. And for guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 16 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service directly to this hidden gem.

In summary, the One-bedroom rooftop skyline central hidden gem in Tirana is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the city's culture, history, and beauty, all from the comfort of a meticulously appointed urban retreat.