---\ntitle: "OniRana Apartments"\ndescription: "OniRana Apartments emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Borsh, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an unforgettable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131949776.jpg?k=29c6dffb5787e3bcb3512b4bada9c6ead5b89638c34f28171f570980625a7552&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: onirana-apartments\naddress: "1 km from Borsh center, 9714 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.0550993\n  lng: 19.86561477\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 199\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131949776.jpg?k=29c6dffb5787e3bcb3512b4bada9c6ead5b89638c34f28171f570980625a7552&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152214985.jpg?k=72cd2d6230581a4aec0c4df8a7fc293ddbf1eb3b21e0a7f40de68826d2c7811e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204535855.jpg?k=73a162d33d0e39ee0df5b0bb5731ed4ada917fb2d150064b265f8c2718774003&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337058462.jpg?k=95b76598184abf302706e18dae08298989bbf97f5eeae7fd20f76364679959d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388770704.jpg?k=b2055bc2504981bea1f17f8275c13310138256f79a3da27383c2be236a3f1bfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408399806.jpg?k=8f4785879e8d76526276b9f1a5cb0c1790231bc3fbb8ec9870099c7b83f305b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372207780.jpg?k=cc1f00533b6c5a17550fd5fdaac33bebd6ba4fb13be5c50554dbf4dee916a851&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374296148.jpg?k=1d1cd8ca0b14f60027e85b490b6c918d97a481b3bfd8ccae4d9fa9d609c89057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372207517.jpg?k=860d0477741bf78eda84c5217013a828cb72e9e8c4a6b966e4edb782f924b91a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (38 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama Borsh 40 m"\n  - "Bar Cafe Riviera 1,000 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 3 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 5 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 5 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 49 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 90 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andres"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything was great . Amazing view, apartments are large and equipped with everything you will need. Great to relax , quiet, peaceful place surrounded with olives trees . We enjoyed it …”"\n  - name: "Mikiflorin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It is loook exacly like in pictures! Very nice view, Clean, very nice yard🌞💕🌞💕❣️we recomand this acomodation!”"\n  - name: "Norbert"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A great place to relax on the Riviera. Very nice and helpful owner. Possibility to order a delicious meal on site, served in a beautiful garden with a fantastic view. A place worth recommending 😁”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/onirana-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at OniRana Apartments are treated to an array of well-appointed accommodations. Each room is a haven of relaxation, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, alongside the convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi to keep guests connected. The charm of the apartments is further enhanced by balconies that open up to breathtaking sea views, inviting guests to unwind in the beauty of their surroundings.

The living spaces are designed with comfort in mind, offering a seating area for moments of rest, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a toaster and a fridge, catering to all culinary needs. The private bathrooms come with a bidet and a hair dryer, ensuring a home-like experience. Moreover, the inclusion of a patio with an outdoor dining area in all units allows guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of stunning mountain views, adding an extra layer of delight to their stay.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For families, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores the aparthotel's commitment to guest safety and comfort. The option to relax in the lush garden further enhances the serene atmosphere of OniRana Apartments, making it a perfect getaway.

Situated 126 km from Ioannina Airport, the aparthotel offers a seamless connection for international travelers, making it an ideal choice for both short and long stays. OniRana Apartments stands as a testament to the perfect blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, promising an experience that is as memorable as it is relaxing.