---\ntitle: "Onix H"\ndescription: "Onix H stands as a distinguished 4-star hotel in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Paradise Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499290.jpg?k=32b883e32c344aac51799ec4f65c25b1b5394fdf657fbee6edc7ccdf2421deb2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: onix-h\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7652209\n  lng: 19.99511798\nprice: "US$215"\npriceFrom: 215\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499290.jpg?k=32b883e32c344aac51799ec4f65c25b1b5394fdf657fbee6edc7ccdf2421deb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499384.jpg?k=5f56899627a1f8c470d8a8425143f3975a1290644be568b00c743b15c8516b1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499291.jpg?k=4ea506e2b60de0eddfa63ce648e81152b2c4c95480172fe8814bdfe9c5ab6cfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499283.jpg?k=62f7f13a2eb8bcc6ec934e4fbfb76518af3f52786eb3e16d5a94f0de34a1c1e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499379.jpg?k=047662314bdc80b65780468e1ccbcd550cbdaa52ecc1ac1f79c9a34c6186c793&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488499369.jpg?k=0136a00d684b1114ba0cf24708ce905648117869e4ca06fad57c0f9bdeb0c8d9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 50 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 100 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/koni.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Onix H is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable climate regardless of the weather outside. Guests will find ample storage in the spacious wardrobes and can enjoy entertainment on the flat-screen TVs provided in every room. The private bathrooms are stocked with fresh bed linen and towels, adding a touch of home. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony that comes with each room, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to enchant every guest.

Located merely 90 metres from the tranquil Lori Beach and within walking distance to Puerto Rico Beach, the hotel offers easy access to sun, sand, and surf. For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is just 3.3 km away, offering a perfect day trip opportunity. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 92 km from Onix H, making it a convenient option for those flying in.

Onix H is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers an escape to the beauty of Ksamil with the promise of comfort, convenience, and unforgettable seaside moments.