---\ntitle: "Onorato Hotel"\ndescription: "Oronato Hotel, situated a mere stone's throw from the Vlorë coastline, offers guests a unique blend of convenience and serenity."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202607550.jpg?k=1648636d30e80c4da50e1b3c60912f43898318c63f431c9cffeb8c02d513c56e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: onorato-hotel\naddress: "Rruga \"Murat Terbaci\", 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44625387\n  lng: 19.49500752\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 386\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202607550.jpg?k=1648636d30e80c4da50e1b3c60912f43898318c63f431c9cffeb8c02d513c56e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/174577796.jpg?k=159c5350707aed62519591ed1c713ccaf0efbbc7636e35da7b49fb8d61141529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421153883.jpg?k=f17c1a40c4b8669a506f9479bf74aee6398c87e63c5e906ef81fac0de02f7cb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/174584427.jpg?k=d3b931291a272f29434d45d7745dad3a5151fa5d49d74b3c794caa4fea0a8810&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/174577771.jpg?k=97841febfdb4615b5d512ad7575c3299cd974f7df0fe5b494006d63ea225f6f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202607154.jpg?k=9f230d0216aa722642a62b1a0625e600ec3c172aeef3e5ead45c4b82e0d0ac19&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Superior Triple Room"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Primo Gusto 100 m"\n  - "Patio 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.4 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very good location. Close to beach, seaport from start tour boats, shops, restaurants, public transport. Very nice and helpful staf. Clean room and hotel. Very good breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Károly"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The staff was very helpful and friendly.
Breakfast was very nice. The location is perfect.
Highly recommended.
Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Sorin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Best location in Vlorë. Staff is allways attentive to customer requests (special thanks to Olti😊). Private parking is a big advantage, the area is crowded and finding a parking place is a challenge. Good breakfast.
Very close to the hotel there...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/onorato.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Oronato Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a television, and select units boast a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. For those seeking a room with a view, options include stunning sea or tranquil garden vistas. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet, shower, and complimentary bathrobes, adds to the overall experience.

Guests can start their day with a delightful breakfast served in the hotel bar, setting the tone for a day of adventure or relaxation. Oronato Hotel prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service, ensuring that guests' needs are met at any hour. Additional amenities, including laundry, ironing, dry cleaning, and currency exchange services, underscore the hotel's dedication to guest satisfaction.

The hotel's location is ideally suited for those looking to explore Vlorë and its surroundings. Just 500 meters from the city center, guests have easy access to local attractions, including the historic Kuzum Baba, situated approximately 2.4 km away, and the Orikum archaeological site, 18 km from the hotel. Oronato Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration in Vlorë.