---\ntitle: "Open Doors Bed & Breakfast"\ndescription: "Open Doors Bed & Breakfast emerges as a serene oasis in Shkodër, located a mere 49 km from the bustling Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141216039.jpg?k=5a06b808d87933e869afa07eb6eedfdc198ab3e59db5116ba9df04292f7918da&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: open-doors-bed-breakfast\naddress: "Bulevardi Bujar Bishanaku- Rr. Smakej, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0731428\n  lng: 19.50378195\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 355\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141216039.jpg?k=5a06b808d87933e869afa07eb6eedfdc198ab3e59db5116ba9df04292f7918da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/144087776.jpg?k=d155ea9d5da40b670c261b4cd905ce35f697b34d8a88c03174d1e35d095b4c29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141216341.jpg?k=327d97212419101c0990cce7c9859c51d9a7a95b98cd81565a4e2cb9aac4f349&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141216035.jpg?k=46176c1b5d2125dc0c65c18fdaf6190ff1fd4d2ad5a40ff45d894ac703f80f61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141151040.jpg?k=37db9502199d2fd961ce092907f0e9c4969c7a0147df3ab4b3dbba5c864fd5a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141151050.jpg?k=3281a1b0138740b9859012831bb5c92b669f13ab560391049453dd0b0f04b4f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200783130.jpg?k=c3472015458a3e8076cb077a9a195818d915a3467dec4fd0e4c441f44687bc24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200783253.jpg?k=36611e6a79f3fec9d88774a51fbeebedf83d9e97a5258f16f4a3e01c3ae7e02f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200783189.jpg?k=e0d34387f415b2093440cee360bc1d57ab6744872c81d0489f70f00128825e9b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Internet - Bar Cafe 200 m"\n  - "ORION CLUB 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3.1 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 37 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 73 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rachel"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Newly renovated rooms and the host was so kind and helpful. A little walk there but worth it for the low price.”"\n  - name: "Katie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The hospitality and communication from the staff was amazing, the lady there is doing such a Great job! Everything was clean and the pancake for breakfast was lovely. Overall for the price is a great deal, with easy walking distance to the center...”"\n  - name: "Tarae"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Comfy and close to town. Friendly host. Rooms were great! Super clean place. Breakfast was nice. Has a nice yard in the back and secure spot to leave my bike 🚲.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/opendoorsbnb.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Open Doors are thoughtfully appointed with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the season. The rooms, designed with families in mind, feature essential amenities such as wardrobes and shared bathrooms equipped with hair dryers. The commitment to guest convenience is evident with the inclusion of complimentary WiFi, and select rooms offer the added luxury of a private balcony. Comfort is further assured with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every unit.

Culinary delights await guests each morning, with a breakfast menu that includes American and vegetarian options alongside local specialties. Fresh pastries and pancakes promise a delightful start to the day. The bed and breakfast also boasts a cozy lounge for guests to relax in, and a convenient minimarket caters to any last-minute needs.

For those seeking activity, Open Doors Bed & Breakfast does not disappoint. Guests can engage in a friendly game of table tennis on-site or explore the surrounding area's offerings of skiing and cycling. The establishment facilitates these adventures with a ski equipment rental service and a ski pass sales point available directly on the premises.

Located 58 km from Podgorica Airport, Open Doors Bed & Breakfast ensures seamless travel arrangements with its paid airport shuttle service. This bed and breakfast stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of adventure in Shkodër.