---\ntitle: "Orange Studio Sea View"\ndescription: "Orange Studio Sea View emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/53221782.jpg?k=ac0c64d998f18af4e7618e6bc7d421db704ca6c8e26476c2fb12a469a8167b7d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: orange-studio-sea-view\naddress: "Rr. Butrinti, Kanali Cukes, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86055114\n  lng: 20.01947594\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/53221782.jpg?k=ac0c64d998f18af4e7618e6bc7d421db704ca6c8e26476c2fb12a469a8167b7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84591928.jpg?k=9656d5021957cc3afff32f16852a936f8025238e522030032549b3859f0a5ca6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60728745.jpg?k=2a7f688d42865f1bc823e7799a3ad2766809efa1b2ffc4942c4ea2eddace321e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84591764.jpg?k=240965ff7532f26a91dc83294b46520934dc5101968d6e0e42753fcc08d90635&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60729807.jpg?k=8fc72d65a8cf1646776c71e9d8c26364c02b48a71f098393256cb898c9c61346&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84591818.jpg?k=cec21925d2869078650cbf8082b4d7c2dee052cf94c9439824945f03c6fd6b79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60728748.jpg?k=34ebad1c61d1e66681e6a8d3044d6e67de4acee80841d05a31a289f0e4c053b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60728739.jpg?k=684b7a5ce8bfeba02f69d4aa75e1ea9107d524e8c8f8d8ab6d743d9d2d61cc91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60728428.jpg?k=d402b20fd7966de71b67e48de8d846512bd0a4bafaee0799b9dac9bd7c289464&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Why Not? Burger 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Pizzeri Roel 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 500 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 700 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Lokacija laka za pronalazak I ako smo prvi put bili u Sarandi bez problema smo nasli objekat, prelep pogled iz apartmana, sve uredno I cisto, za svaku preporuku..”"\n  - name: "Αρης"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Αμεσότητα ιδιοκτήτη πολύ ευγενικός.Το διαμέρισμα καλό σε αποζημιώνει η θέα και πολύ σημαντικό το ότι υπάρχει κλειστό πάρκινγκ.Θ;α το προτιμούσα ξανά γιατί γενικά στα περισσότερα καταλύματα άλλο διαμέρισμα κλείνεις κ άλλο σου δείχνουν αλλά το...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Odličan i prostran apartman, velika i lepa terasa sa pogledom na more i na Krf, dobar parking. Cene boravka i po restoranima povoljne, plaže van Sarande i Ksamila odlične . Na slici su preporuke za posetu prve 3 su plaže. Odlazak do Krfa...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/orange-studio-seaview.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nInside, the studio is equipped with a cozy sofa and a fully equipped kitchen, catering to all the needs of its guests. The presence of a modern bathroom equipped with a shower and a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the comfort and convenience of the stay.

For those who appreciate the convenience of having amenities close by, the studio does not disappoint. Located within the same building are a bar and a grocery store, ensuring that guests have easy access to essentials and leisure options.

Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find the proximity to Butrint National Park, merely 6 km away, an enticing feature. Additionally, the Ferry Terminal, offering links to Corfu and located just 2.2 km from the studio, opens up further opportunities for exploration and adventure.

Orange Studio Sea View stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Sarandë, combining the comforts of home with the beauty and excitement of the Albanian coast.