---\ntitle: "Orchidea Hotel"\ndescription: "Orchidea Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/132014659.jpg?k=b2662daa9347dd79444d82efd08c052ff132cb0c1a9fea2cade671a12606b1e8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: orchidea-hotel\naddress: "RR. EMIN HARIZAJ NR. 112, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3266704\n  lng: 19.83860058\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 464\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/132014659.jpg?k=b2662daa9347dd79444d82efd08c052ff132cb0c1a9fea2cade671a12606b1e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73122057.jpg?k=f2eebe8d1704dc3262dfa0af22d596eda0ed0549b719746f50a893d544e82bba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73122950.jpg?k=14720287f7aff3de921c00bf73ed5f60f7aabd8a920ca2a49140b5c472e3d7ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73094837.jpg?k=b8e531cf99b848db60cc0752655fd69746b78028de6254fb1492aaa59f9c4e9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73094794.jpg?k=d075d53a09041a80c152dac172c1fcff497598f4db6815540e5d7f9fd4880b4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73094789.jpg?k=05cd02da7744c66916090daf5fd0dfa7f0b153b0398b777b3d5c00fbbba05884&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Hallall Ali Demi 250 m"\n  - "Zgara Korcare Origjinal 1 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matic"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“A family business, it seemed with lovely staff and a relaxed atmosphere. Biggest and nicest room ever...”"\n  - name: "Jessica"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The pool, breakfast and location. Very spacious room.”"\n  - name: "Holly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Even though Tirana is extremely loud you wouldn’t know you were in the city here as it was quiet and peaceful. The staff were very friendly and welcoming and the pool was a great place to chill out and relax. Great value for money and I am already...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/orchidea-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its air-conditioned rooms, each offering a serene garden view, a well-appointed desk, and complimentary WiFi access, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed, featuring a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and a bidet, complemented by a wardrobe for personal storage.

Morning starts are made delightful at Orchidea Hotel with the option of a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For families, the hotel's children's playground stands out as a highlight, promising fun-filled moments for the younger guests.

Located a short drive from the Dajti Express, 4.3 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 2.8 km away, guests are perfectly positioned to discover the rich history and natural beauty of the area. Furthermore, the convenience of being 20 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for both international and domestic travelers.

Orchidea Hotel not only offers a stay but an experience, making it a compelling choice for those visiting the vibrant city of Tirana.