---\ntitle: "Orion Central Apartment"\ndescription: "Orion Central Apartment emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214067.jpg?k=a84a639211eb90570b5aa0f7d83de6963364f49e4297d943febc62fb88c14e08&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: orion-central-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34581852\n  lng: 19.84107084\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214067.jpg?k=a84a639211eb90570b5aa0f7d83de6963364f49e4297d943febc62fb88c14e08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214129.jpg?k=4c7c01c1de04e9ebf1d4c746a447efd1516a117cc8cc681a1dc7d45d1d6058c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214101.jpg?k=9d1533df8938c1b517f809f5eea18b518531c514249b06951bad72f0bd51531a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214132.jpg?k=1c16ed7d9d4d6782f6075429d98fe70637cb875f9d98d0a497ed69562ab525de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214111.jpg?k=096dfbe0bc541f1d6f4afe51620debd9a8e144f20dc0e7a9920e2119d4fc3ae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214089.jpg?k=4d473dde19ad3f439f88ef754aa00aa1ede91c95401aeca149ec5a572d6411f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214106.jpg?k=8cb4f2f7f22ee17077012ce87406a3546f65e1c9c27b614b90e395bf8db96a04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214133.jpg?k=ff47f551bb4391d8034a534cb173d3ec5c2a1f34e7872402a345f2574d47a2bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489214115.jpg?k=6c936db09a39bd0b62e7442dcc97ebbb02e557363ba2f26cfdad9af79843de0b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.7 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Super wyposażenie, dwie łazienki. Bardzo wygodne łóżka, własne miejsce parkingowe na podziemnym parkingu. Bardzo przyjazny właściciel, bardzo kontaktowy i wspierający. Mieszkanie bardzo duże, przestronne i jasne. Dwa balkony oraz dwie łazienki....”"\n  - name: "Rosario"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“1) L'appartamento è impeccabile, pulito e fornito di ogni servizio
2) La connessione wifi è veloce e stabile 3) L'edificio è nuovissimo, impreziosito da un comodo posto auto privato 4) La proprietaria è sorridente, puntuale, gentile, disponibile...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/orion-central-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and tranquility, boasting a balcony that offers serene garden views - a rare find in the bustling city. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of two bathrooms, one of which offers the luxury of a hot tub, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to comfort.

Notably, Orion Central Apartment prioritizes guest security and convenience, offering full-day security and an elevator for easy access. The commitment to a smoke-free and soundproof living environment further enhances the guest experience, ensuring a peaceful stay.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, the convenience of an on-site minimarket is a thoughtful addition. While the apartment itself offers a retreat from the hustle and bustle, its location encourages exploration, with the Rock of Kavaje and the intriguing Bunk'Art 1 Museum within easy reach. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 15 km away, making Orion Central Apartment an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.