---\ntitle: "Orkidea Apartments"\ndescription: "Orkidea Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474595745.jpg?k=944680c94af320dfc40f7176eef83e570484cac1c2dcc06323336e088baaad54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: orkidea-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Gjuzeve, 2002 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2596112\n  lng: 19.52506879\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474595745.jpg?k=944680c94af320dfc40f7176eef83e570484cac1c2dcc06323336e088baaad54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504663968.jpg?k=7303b080945b2a580584ec4d9453e447e2d86f67d82fce772255bcc578716b70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504664004.jpg?k=c3f402b455b79a2f4adfe5b193fe5b604dfc97464f0a205df83f7c7df8c0b755&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487683277.jpg?k=b5eca0a2111dec6aff9ba5a5928f5773f42d5c334efe47d3a3adbda7e598979b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487681462.jpg?k=4692fc882370dfbeff2e9f9e6d1ec8277e120813b6ca150803bad0c9d8822c8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487680912.jpg?k=116fc030f34147556aaa6e3a4e19c3624cd3cc844205ef5ff735fa3c3580f111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487682592.jpg?k=f53c73de79beb2546ea3cc13b68630c30c8bb8aa459a341cc927f9c2ac0ce4a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487534480.jpg?k=4b4bd9338807b76877a6ecd37bbcc9eb6dddc4e79024c87eff9d3cf6a64e7147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504663954.jpg?k=f74c9b73ec09d2bbeeaace30f830af23b377af0e0d9cba1e4bef35a74e4b723e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 150 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 450 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 850 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dobrovics"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartament is as in the pictures. Comfortable, spacious. It is close to the beach, which is very cozy, full of good restaurants. Our hosts are some of the nicest people we have ever met. Selfless, really exceptionally helpful and friendly...”"\n  - name: "Mateo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was super.
Clean and price worthy. The hosts were friendly and they helped me with the area. Spacious parking.”"\n  - name: "Eshko"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The owner Landi and his wife were one of the nicest people I have ever met. The Apartment was very clean and the location was great, 5-7 minutes from the beach. I am very satisfied with everything.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/orkidea-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned haven, boasting a balcony that invites the fresh sea breeze into a spacious living area, ensures a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The apartment features a separate bedroom, a bathroom equipped with modern amenities, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, making it ideal for both short and extended stays. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and an available ironing service adds a layer of convenience for guests.

For those who appreciate the ease of access to essentials, the presence of a minimarket on the premises is a thoughtful touch, ensuring that daily needs are effortlessly met. 

Situated a mere 44 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and within proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, Orkidea Apartments serves as a perfect base for explorers keen to delve into the rich history and culture of the area. Moreover, its location, just 38 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, makes it an accessible getaway for international travelers.

Orkidea Apartments stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, catering to the health and well-being of its guests. Whether it's lounging on the nearby beaches or exploring the cultural landmarks, guests at Orkidea Apartments are positioned to enjoy the best of Golem and its surroundings.