---\ntitle: "Otto Hotel"\ndescription: "Otto Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057352.jpg?k=b38e5c9c482754d63801d3a31358e30f7d43c49dd33091f45b7d1aee030be1b8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: otto-hotel\naddress: "Ksamil, Albania Dea Street, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77060187\n  lng: 20.00338394\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 119\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057352.jpg?k=b38e5c9c482754d63801d3a31358e30f7d43c49dd33091f45b7d1aee030be1b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438198664.jpg?k=fadffe289e77b993d13f3c62dfb04444d890ff8afb7af06127172069c014188a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438198705.jpg?k=40d9817656fdf96e01d234e7c8bc3a30bcf90e2f7f1634a2c7eb6514ac517a64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057337.jpg?k=be467a394bd0db685ae700edf2a72359d387d080540c04dfe542cc45d8f1cf6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057345.jpg?k=9bbe1b233975dfc90e4cbcfef728e379576594c424142851a5ffb00447c13988&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438198698.jpg?k=4a82090a6f684e26af8201c88552aa54cabdea2b9730d5f4fd78c1ce1efed56c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057321.jpg?k=807bff50330839e6bb5799edb7dfb00805c2271b6898c39603bfdcb068c45cdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057312.jpg?k=bfce41b76499caaf122b8b658f41d481c1566e42ff3b79711fd5c296ffe6f598&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057338.jpg?k=bb6282e4746628bd820e58a81bee121826f683c3471e5a478500bcc07564d4ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057355.jpg?k=d60085e2427f4fbaca67d4aa774b3ae631b9f618ea6e8923470bdc07256e085a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057361.jpg?k=903aa6189e5273115f7367a7c92208cee40c30c2913914ac35c73f1405f2c003&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469057330.jpg?k=8f687d9b14252858c9500d4747d614e9ae741ec309d5a48c864b591aafa8f469&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Crepes & Waffles Ksamil 10 m"\n  - "Angels Garden 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 250 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ainhoa"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Nice hotel , great location nearby the sea and spacious rooms ! Very recommended in Ksmail specially due to the hospitality of the owner and his family . Great people that helped us organizing a boat trip!”"\n  - name: "Esther"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was clean. The owner was very friendly and accommodating! I haven’t experienced such hospitality since I’ve been staying in hotels. He was helpful and even drove us to where we could have dinner. The breakfast was delicious and we were able to...”"\n  - name: "Kathy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location. Modern, clean property. The friendliest staff. Couldn’t have been a better stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/otto.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering any of the guest rooms, visitors are greeted with a harmonious blend of functionality and comfort. Each space is thoughtfully equipped with essentials such as a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a restful retreat. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of convenience, while the city views offered in certain rooms invite guests to connect with the locale's vibrant atmosphere. The provision of a desk in each room further caters to the needs of business travelers or those planning their next day's adventures.

Morning at Otto Hotel begins on a high note with a diverse breakfast selection. Guests can choose from buffet, continental, and Italian options, ensuring a delightful start to the day regardless of culinary preference.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's immediate surroundings, Ksamil Beach 7 awaits just 600 meters away, offering another spot for sun-soaked relaxation. The proximity to Butrint National Park, a mere 2.9 km distance, presents an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the area's rich history and natural beauty. Additionally, for international travelers or those planning excursions further afield, Corfu International Airport is located 93 km from the hotel, with a paid airport shuttle service available to facilitate stress-free transfers.

In essence, Otto Hotel stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to enhance the guest experience, making it a recommended stay for those visiting Ksamil.