---\ntitle: "Oxford hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Oxford Hotel, a boutique gem located in the vibrant heart of the Old Town."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279632557.jpg?k=c7e565c21765eaf7bec637a4945401a39b0a10b9316cfe7e79d15584087aa775&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: oxford-hotel\naddress: "St. Xhorxhi Martini 10 , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32775333\n  lng: 19.82332438\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 763\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279632557.jpg?k=c7e565c21765eaf7bec637a4945401a39b0a10b9316cfe7e79d15584087aa775&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72928632.jpg?k=4a03a4a4b0bed9d96121e3e9a4abdf2d2353c3be320e70e269aeddcd89d4114b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163516475.jpg?k=1fa0317c914f473b05306d360a13f92c3b15608ffecad169f9df291b2211cead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163516407.jpg?k=30fe1241e863f7dcf9fac587025e531148d4964e7e3407d2648e24db25f9b992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163516541.jpg?k=691fa0d651a415ca5c431679f86470d2f39a513cffb71d63cb4cef67a52eec8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/73476295.jpg?k=4976a3e115428d8d5a08708c6c4195cfff6739d39656f563cef23c1a1f4389ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Single Room"\n  - "Suite with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Free Parking and Wi-Fi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Superfood Vila Alba 20 m"\n  - "Oxhaket 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The hotel is in the centre of the city, with clean rooms, and a good breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Alexandru"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Hotel is just a minute walk by Main Street and Toptani mall. Very quiet place”"\n  - name: "Hristo"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“A perfect location in the city, very friendly and kind staff, especially the guy at reception John. Also very clean and comfortable room. I definitely recommend the hotel!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-alba.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room in the Oxford Hotel is a testament to sophisticated living, boasting high ceilings that enhance the sense of space, complemented by a tasteful mix of classic and contemporary design elements. Modern comforts are not overlooked, with each room equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a safe, and a minibar. The private bathrooms are equally impressive, featuring walk-in showers, complimentary toiletries, and hairdryers, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony.

The hotel's commitment to exceptional service is evident in its round-the-clock reception, alongside a range of conveniences including ironing and laundry services, room service, and facilities for business meetings. The on-site cocktail bar, with its city-view terrace, and the lounge cafe, serving snacks and Austrian cakes in a garden seating area, provide perfect spots for relaxation. For wine enthusiasts, the underground wine cellar's tastings are a must-experience.

Located just a 2-minute walk from the city center, guests are perfectly positioned to explore. The National Library, National Museum and Theatre, along with numerous cultural and historic sites, are just a few steps away. Shopping enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to a large shopping center, a mere 5-minute walk from the hotel. For those arriving by public transport, the Main Bus Station is within a 7-minute walk, and the Train Station is only 1.5 km away. Tirana Airport is conveniently located 18.5 km from the hotel, making Oxford Hotel an ideal choice for both business and leisure travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and culture.