---\ntitle: "Padam Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana's Padam Boutique Hotel, a hidden gem that offers a unique blend of Victorian elegance and contemporary luxury."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74721414.jpg?k=9e189bc1af7ca83c43dc6bf4406ce0936df87d39d5a8b470cc10ae584b3afba7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: padam-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Mustafa Matohiti/ Vila Nr. 2 , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32205292\n  lng: 19.82279599\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 231\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74721414.jpg?k=9e189bc1af7ca83c43dc6bf4406ce0936df87d39d5a8b470cc10ae584b3afba7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74718889.jpg?k=b47c72d7c0373848f8c3b02533c63021e5a6e733d3ceebe4930d3bf207b41b98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74731529.jpg?k=7f39e05746c9b5281ac981c8b37561005c13cfa02212c04dabf4fd68d0cbd5c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74718784.jpg?k=3971da5260e1aa83c20cfea55a2b0812c86ea03334c925450a12b23a9ddbc706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/77942171.jpg?k=efb4d31a585095eeb6b6bd8c92e55471892f7b2c968aa1aa6c2817f887c1b9f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74731534.jpg?k=26ac67d9d00f52510a8b20ca6e3d733bd3b1fb7fd572b25b0ece19650d22ed68&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Rock Cafe 30 m"\n  - "Artigiano at Vila 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elizabeth"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly staff. Room was very spacious. Large, comfortable bed. Nice breakfast. Great location- short walk to explore Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Ellen"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Lovely spacious and modern hotel right in the Blloku district. The neighbourhood is super cool with lots of restaurants and bars. Really great value for the price. Very nice breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Agon"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Excellent hotel, easily the best choice in Tirana. Quality and clean rooms, superb value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/padam-boutique-amp-restorant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSituated in the heart of Tirana, the Padam Boutique Hotel stands out with its high ceilings and a captivating garden and veranda. It's an oasis where guests can unwind with a cocktail in hand, enjoying the serene ambiance away from the hustle and bustle.

Each room in the hotel is a masterpiece, featuring one-of-a-kind luxury furniture and ambient lighting that creates a cozy and intimate atmosphere. Guests are treated to the convenience of air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a minibar, and complimentary Wi-Fi, ensuring a stay that marries the charm of yesteryears with today's technological comforts.

Dining at the Padam Boutique Hotel is an experience in itself. The hotel's restaurant, adorned in retro style, offers an innovative take on cuisine with its nouvelle-cuisine menu and carefully curated wine list. Mornings at the hotel start with a delightful breakfast served in the restaurant, while the bar is the perfect spot for classic and inventive cocktails. The option to dine al fresco during the warmer months adds to the allure of this boutique hotel.

Located just a stone's throw from the vibrant Blloku neighbourhood, guests have easy access to some of Tirana's finest cafés, shops, and dining options, along with a shopping centre merely 300 metres away. The convenience of complimentary private parking makes exploring the city hassle-free.

For those relying on public transport, local buses stop just 150 metres from the hotel, with the train station 2 km away and the bus station 1 km from the property. Tirana Airport is easily accessible, located 30 km from the hotel, making Padam Boutique Hotel an ideal choice for both local and international travelers seeking a unique and luxurious stay in the heart of Tirana.