---\ntitle: "Paja Guesthouse - Camping"\ndescription: "Paja Guesthouse - Camping emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and nature, located approximately 29 km from the majestic Theth National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377610756.jpg?k=80f2a9f1a0c19d2e0580a2e1a6adb2baa5ee4be362106f2fa3cf8b58637cbbb5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: paja-guesthouse-camping\naddress: "Rruga per Thethe, 4305 Bogë, Albania"\ncity: "Bogë"\nlocation: "Bogë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.39929769\n  lng: 19.64755395\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377610756.jpg?k=80f2a9f1a0c19d2e0580a2e1a6adb2baa5ee4be362106f2fa3cf8b58637cbbb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483029428.jpg?k=7858842c0092db26146319b2513683305d537cc7ac08479367d73766465535c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483029408.jpg?k=bf30bb23f15644c23bef4f6490ee8ba38e755d795c304679312ffab67ee207ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483029416.jpg?k=e3c8a26827200bfecd44627f7c71330929a4d9ab1fd9b86af114046706c772ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483029423.jpg?k=14fe95b0a15be1d2a924c28ca489c77a4e8008fcc17fc63f969cba9771a0fe0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483029415.jpg?k=b377611e85b3af4d2dbbdf82427100b0cb0dd5cba50e8b0cf64d59a05f868ad1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar cafe Gegaj 400 m"\n  - "Malesorja 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 6 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 11 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 13 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 32 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eytan"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The location is perfect. A small camping and guestroom near the road to Teth”"\n  - name: "Doris"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Sehr freundlich, ruhig und sauber. Für uns super um nach Theth zu reisen. Danke”"\n  - name: "Chinaski_henri"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Siamo arrivati che stava diluviando ed era notte. Sono riusciti a trovarci una sistemazione perché altrimenti dovevamo montare la tenda in condizioni meteorologiche pietose.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-paja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Camping"\nbestCategories: "Camping"\ncategory: "Camping"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Paja Guesthouse - Camping are thoughtfully designed to cater to families, featuring spacious family rooms that ensure a comfortable stay for all. Select units elevate the experience further, offering terraces or balconies that present breathtaking mountain vistas, complemented by outdoor dining areas for an intimate meal amidst nature.

The culinary offerings at Paja Guesthouse - Camping are a testament to its commitment to providing a memorable dining experience. Guests can start their day with a continental breakfast that includes a variety of options, from warm dishes and local specialties to delightful pancakes. The presence of a coffee shop, bar, and lounge invites guests to unwind and socialize, making it a perfect setting for both relaxation and engagement.

Situated a mere 62 km from Podgorica Airport, the guesthouse ensures ease of access for international and domestic travelers alike, making it an ideal choice for those looking to explore the natural beauty and cultural richness of the area.