---\ntitle: "Palace Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Palace Hotel & SPA emerges as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of luxury and relaxation by the sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309934444.jpg?k=21b9bcd9de9feb12bfa9d5bf60fad6dfef1506521775edc48189b58c9cb465fe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: palace-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia Plazh Apollonia, Lagja 13, 1111 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31396676\n  lng: 19.47468281\nprice: "US$135"\npriceFrom: 135\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2051\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309934444.jpg?k=21b9bcd9de9feb12bfa9d5bf60fad6dfef1506521775edc48189b58c9cb465fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309934693.jpg?k=9bd996176ec4ad79a77ed6b2d1eb0f14f22932f9035da85cb687e3a875613e03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215801611.jpg?k=de9ceb95c6b63a96839b79c9b56f20dc6bcb809cfd600d0283eeb322d781a404&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/117987120.jpg?k=329b3041953c17e63610b36ca6f5900256926c0a0a9bc110e073f56c9c070c8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309932477.jpg?k=cdcbcdda49e47ce1154d287a5ba881a8515a51131b697cb5b0664dc44e44f150&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387659100.jpg?k=c64d22fc545bb3d8d91be30d95a090a5be848c8ff32c40ecdbc94703044aff06&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Suite with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "qetu kom me u kon gjithqysh daja 50 m"\n  - "Rizai 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Besart"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Breakfast was amazing, beachfront and near city center, nice spa.”"\n  - name: "Keidi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“There is nothing to say about the property as it was just amazing. I’ve been there twice during winter time and there is a lot you can do in this hotel such as staying in SPA area with indoor pool etc. but the other reason why I enjoyed staying in...”"\n  - name: "Maryjane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great beach front location, amazing breakfast and nice pool/spa”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/palace-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nRooms and suites at Palace Hotel & SPA are a testament to luxury, with each space thoughtfully designed to provide the utmost comfort. Guests can expect air-conditioned accommodations featuring flat-screen satellite TVs, minibars, and cozy sofa seating. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, equipped with showers, complimentary wardrobes, and toiletries, enhancing the overall guest experience. Select units elevate the luxury with furnished balconies offering captivating sea views, allowing guests to unwind in an exquisite setting.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Palace Hotel & SPA enriches the guest experience with complimentary Spa services. The indoor pool, saunas, hot tubs, and a fully-equipped gym are designed to provide an oasis of relaxation and rejuvenation. Additional conveniences include a grocery store, currency exchange office, and car rental service on-site, ensuring every need is met with ease.

For those traveling for business or celebrating special occasions, the hotel offers a business center and banquet facilities, available for a surcharge. Adding to the allure, live music performances create a vibrant atmosphere each weekend during the high season, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers.

Situated just 4 km from the historic center of Durres, guests are conveniently located to explore significant landmarks such as the Amphitheater, Venetian Tower, and Antique Thermals. Transportation is readily available, with a bus stop merely 10 meters from the property and the Durres Ferry Port offering lines to Ancona and Bari 4 km away. For those arriving by air, Tirana Airport is 30 km from the hotel, with shuttle service available upon request.

Palace Hotel & SPA stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, luxury, and convenience by the Adriatic Sea.