---\ntitle: "Palm Side Hotel"\ndescription: "Palm Side Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465349619.jpg?k=2dc01b2647905e55ed14abaa9c33020e84ac21ea2924872f23159fb11744e890&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: palm-side-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44894977\n  lng: 19.49250846\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 91\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465349619.jpg?k=2dc01b2647905e55ed14abaa9c33020e84ac21ea2924872f23159fb11744e890&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357026739.jpg?k=df547cdc83bdb78da294c2aeeb41c38e6a8ce1320e31d26a273b2c88e48792b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357022132.jpg?k=83ffdd07aa0770cc03ff382b040458a6544baccdb07a3472eb8b4dd75f0f61fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465387915.jpg?k=c16c9834a5d8000ea8f53fa2e972163e0194634498f577e750bdd4587edf3a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357026715.jpg?k=9f5fceb0f5f5beea4d2ff1976428ad44c185cbde013856f6c08a2f84f4f80bfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357026738.jpg?k=af202d65f0ed039c5e8d1ed19a6bba74e9bb29623850ec0652d3f845b04ec56b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Street Food Grill 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Tradicional Eon 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.4 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klajdi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Super clean, comfortable, very close to the center”"\n  - name: "Lamaj"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Was amazing hotel,the room was very clean and beautiful! The reception guy was very friendly.For sure I’m coming back.”"\n  - name: "Alice"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The hotel is new and super clean. The location is great with plenty of bars and restaurants around and just a few minutes from the beach. The guy at the reception was really available and helpful with all our needs.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/palm-side-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically located, Palm Side Hotel is a mere 1.5 km from the serene Vjetër Beach and closely follows with Ri Beach at 1.6 km, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For those interested in exploring the cultural heartbeat of the area, Independence Square is just 2.8 km away, offering a deep dive into the local heritage.

The hotel prides itself on its array of services designed to enhance guest experiences, including a 24-hour front desk, an ATM on-site, and personalized tour organizing services, ensuring every stay is as engaging and effortless as possible.

Accommodations at Palm Side Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and a bidet for a touch of luxury. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher and an oven, perfect for those preferring the comforts of home-cooked meals. Additionally, all guest rooms are furnished with air conditioning and a desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

For those venturing from afar, the hotel is conveniently located 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible retreat for international visitors.

Palm Side Hotel stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the picturesque setting of Vlorë.