---\ntitle: "Palmas 717"\ndescription: "Palmas 717 emerges as a prime beachfront gem located in the vibrant city of Durrës, just a stone's throw away from the serene Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156726.jpg?k=165192482a380b679fa6a673c44052e386007b27e967a6bc9a555d468b06a137&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: palmas-717\naddress: "8F3V+3HR, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30296301\n  lng: 19.49370179\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156726.jpg?k=165192482a380b679fa6a673c44052e386007b27e967a6bc9a555d468b06a137&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156713.jpg?k=93f61db0d6c30ecaa81d88c97b9868fa4c937f05f3e62429b3ca8feecc4f7ee7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156728.jpg?k=f09042ae6a9a7cc66faf73f93188ec84f11edee4ab2157dd3ab5a36be84aa372&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156795.jpg?k=a6b04fe753c7f7e853d8cc64c6e3dbbac192dd5dde2f538fff353e6d07cce500&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156820.jpg?k=d2cb48803cbffb5c4091d0149760ea961cf3142ac9f1f864f61491dfe39de6a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156756.jpg?k=20d7d56d3831cf36a053a9b42ff12853a9320f0969252c200ce639194cdeade4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156851.jpg?k=aef77ec081fc4c796e9a9dfdf3c866fd75d0f421e5f425a721577498682258d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156838.jpg?k=8c75473283d49d878b266096ca7e7a5cff85a6302dd9c3b2d18d3180ddc47a83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426156687.jpg?k=fd81f85ab8d748232521db9b18f246432d0803daadb900aeb9d505e8eb3aefdf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 7 m"\n  - "Olivia 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olha"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Всё отлично, хороший и приветливый персонал. В номере всё необходимое есть.”"\n  - name: "Klaudia"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Bardzo fajny apartament nad morzem. Zlokalizowany blisko sklepów i restauracju. W mieszkaniu jest wszystko co potrzeba, pralka, suszarka, toster, piekarnik, naczynia itd. Okolica spokojna. Polecam.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Es ist direkt am Strand. Es gibt einen kostenpflichtigen Parkplatz direkt gegenüber der kostet drei Euro am Tag. Die Klimaanlage funktioniert sehr gut. Die Panzer Tür gibt einem ein sicheres Gefühl.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-717.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a well-appointed layout, featuring a bedroom with sweeping sea views, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances, including an oven and a stovetop, catering to guests' culinary needs. Additionally, the convenience of a bathroom equipped with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay. The highlight of the apartment is undoubtedly the terrace, offering guests a tranquil spot to unwind while soaking in the breathtaking vistas.

For those looking to explore the surroundings, Palmas 717 facilitates this adventure by providing a car rental service, making it effortless to venture out to nearby attractions. The Rock of Kavaje is located just 4.4 km away, offering a glimpse into the natural wonders of the region, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha stands 39 km from the property, presenting an opportunity to delve into the country's intriguing history.

Conveniently situated 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Palmas 717 also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property. This makes Palmas 717 not just a place to stay, but a gateway to experiencing the enchanting allure of Durrës and its surroundings.