---\ntitle: "Pandora’s City Apartment"\ndescription: "Pandora’s City Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483347.jpg?k=9fdf07a005a723ed835d78fc6429cda1e321473ef9acea3bc301ab522a4b389a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pandora-s-city-apartment\naddress: "Komleksi Kontakt, Tirane Albania, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32800656\n  lng: 19.79697138\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483347.jpg?k=9fdf07a005a723ed835d78fc6429cda1e321473ef9acea3bc301ab522a4b389a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439813303.jpg?k=9509d644ca3720f2dcff3de04e7a299d42bb25debcce245325eee98ab30607dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483120.jpg?k=bba34e885eafe64755ba830b8bdbf518f7ad2ac9f8c19da8c72c05f63c82bcff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521484164.jpg?k=ff63ac29393185d05528d4abb777cf361502c9a26aad6157d245de639df41d45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439813296.jpg?k=2eed48a252f2951eb086367b9977693d78f0e7f41d25b2332f5ee3abcaa33ee4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521482732.jpg?k=4006d68f3a909afb65230cfc17eab568c90ca298dce4daf5d10b717742a7994b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483500.jpg?k=52c2325192b77b4e1c2aeb9f2a2762673fb982f435b8b5c3db5cbc7d35e6dc9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483121.jpg?k=429b6455576f1026c6a558edf6c3092c0e653e03e3f9797e1e3e03a3546e1fec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439813294.jpg?k=c942352e4a60b9e993c448a4e7da3dbcb94fccd539551aad9a0984a84a033781&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Pazza 100 m"\n  - "Dorado Snack&Coffee Bar 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Deniz"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The apartment was just like in the photos. The host was friendly. Everything was clean. To reach the places in the center of the city, it is necessary to walk an average of 3.5 km. There are many cafes and restaurants on the site where the...”"\n  - name: "Ongun"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything was fine in the room.Comfortable,cosy,well designed.We felt as if we were in in home.The owner of the flat was so kind and nice.She was helpfull and always ready for anything we want about the flat.This place consist of similar...”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Fantastic experience, friendly welcome. The owner of the house is always kind and available for every request. Spacious and comfortable clean environment. Modern neighbourhood and very close to the Centre of Tirana. We had a great time in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pandoras-city-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is not just about its prime location; it offers a spacious living environment that includes a balcony, a cozy bedroom, a living room for relaxation, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a fridge for those who prefer home-cooked meals. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a comfortable stay. Emphasizing a clean and healthy living space, the accommodation is strictly non-smoking.

For those looking to explore the cultural heart of Tirana, Skanderbeg Square, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the historic Et'hem Bey Mosque are all within a 3 km radius, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. Additionally, the convenience of being just 12 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

With free WiFi available throughout the property, guests at Pandora’s City Apartment are ensured a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of exploring Tirana.