---\ntitle: "Pandora Residence Apartments"\ndescription: "Pandora Residence Apartments emerges as a serene haven in the bustling heart of the city, located just a stone's throw from the vibrant Elbasani Street."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99781679.jpg?k=2439f42e7dd370479eac475f7e54005298fefa04f953a5a9efe51cc048e5fd59&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pandora-residence-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Fuat Toptani 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31699346\n  lng: 19.8348107\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 92\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99781679.jpg?k=2439f42e7dd370479eac475f7e54005298fefa04f953a5a9efe51cc048e5fd59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159387232.jpg?k=e0f39ca52525d0131ab529834c7b8209c1a9149ad27592dd5a1687bbd104b3d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159387262.jpg?k=427d60ff7f02eb3f98e10b82af4d1fbc68b8d4c4a8167868447c588b822717e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99781683.jpg?k=35c2c0ac9c06a651ffcfe022c450b2943f47db7527622d73286842afcb05ccf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159389021.jpg?k=2c54ead4c7ca3e31e4995a338658131f19c9ed50030c79ed1c443f0d27834315&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187054225.jpg?k=2030dd77daff928f6199c1e6379481c5fd7f6147ed5a735cc6a8831ae08836dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Henri BAR 250 m"\n  - "Das Cafe 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Niraj"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Staff & Service - Excellent
Rooms - We booked a 2 BR Suite which was as expected. Clean and well maintained.
Hotel location- 5-10 mins drive from City Centre.”"\n  - name: "Fahas"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“The place is great, the view is beautiful, there is a market and a bakery near the hotel, thank you”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“perfect location, great apartment. Big shout out to the staff. very honest and helpfull people. the”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pandora-residence-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nTucked away in a peaceful residential area, the property is a mere few steps from the Grand Park, a lush oasis featuring the Artificial Lake, the Amphitheatre, and the Botanic Garden, inviting guests to explore the natural beauty and cultural landmarks right at their doorstep.

Each apartment at Pandora Residence boasts contemporary design with sleek marble flooring, creating an ambiance of modern elegance. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with a full kitchen and dining area, ensuring guests feel right at home. The living spaces include a cozy seating area with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of a private bathroom in each unit adds to the comfort of the stay.

The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident with the availability of a 24-hour front desk, ensuring assistance is always on hand. Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the proximity to a variety of restaurants, just 500 meters away, offering an array of cuisines to satisfy diverse palates.

Cultural aficionados will appreciate the property's location, within a 15-minute walk from notable attractions such as the Archaeological Museum, the Pyramid, Skanderbeg Square, the National Museum, the Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the Clock Tower, making it an ideal base for those eager to immerse themselves in the local heritage.

For those looking to venture further, a public bus stop adjacent to the property provides convenient access to the city center, while Tirana Airport is a mere 20 km away, facilitating easy travel arrangements.

Pandora Residence Apartments stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and access to cultural experiences in the heart of the city.