---\ntitle: "Pandora's Seaview Apartment"\ndescription: "Pandora's Seaview Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521490402.jpg?k=fdc78ec0874b2e885cbe3c3fb58f0249b0711ef629e5fa6be8be7fc1a19ea079&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pandora-s-seaview-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, 2019 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28276697\n  lng: 19.51181955\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521490402.jpg?k=fdc78ec0874b2e885cbe3c3fb58f0249b0711ef629e5fa6be8be7fc1a19ea079&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821365.jpg?k=23d0feecc4a205411fbe82651bd754fe2918146d26918138cd790763af050481&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521490380.jpg?k=fdf068e12900e1292040b74f283bb85314fdeee38401d12fd073382c145d74f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821360.jpg?k=5648805fe68319630d2d4c9604572dd6a917619f519b4a64e9009a1325695b29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821355.jpg?k=796f8096dedc52936a6194207198800617d19ebcb111403dc5dc79c499362edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821357.jpg?k=513fee662537b6ea5ef39b2014590cb6c64e05b1817c54a46fd909a5b6f6e560&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821353.jpg?k=13d782e3d2828bdfc4880e6055e97c8ff87f6cd47d4507807de90d3902652fb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821358.jpg?k=066b6c59f836feb0c7737b97b0baf3287cc7caac6805f18cd2fa7224aaf0cecc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439821307.jpg?k=42a616c359be9d2fd482bb92d3a4aa745c894e62efdcb9bf2cb8c5b7206abda6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Peja 50 m"\n  - "Sazani 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 400 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Flat is nice, cosy, close to everything, several stores around it where you can also exchange eur to leke. Flat is in front of the beach, with a nice look. Owners are nice and helpfull.”"\n  - name: "Muhamed"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Apartment very close to the beach, everything you need for a pleasant holiday, lots of good restaurants nearby, a market literally on your way out of the apartment all the praise for the apartment and accommodation”"\n  - name: "Eldin"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Position, facilities, view, kind host. Stores and restaurants are so close as a beach and free ambulance / medical care. Appartement fulfilled all our needs.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pandoras-seaview-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room, and a kitchen equipped with all the essentials. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Emphasizing a clean and healthy environment, the accommodation strictly adheres to a non-smoking policy.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests will find Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach merely 100 metres away, inviting for leisurely strolls or morning jogs along the shore. For those intrigued by natural landscapes and adventure, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 45 km, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje, located 1.2 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for exploration and discovery.

Accessibility is a breeze with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 36 km away, making Pandora's Seaview Apartment a convenient option for international travelers. This accommodation stands out not only for its prime location and stunning sea views but also for its commitment to providing a comfortable and memorable stay for its guests.