---\ntitle: "Panoramic Apartment"\ndescription: "Panoramic Apartment emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494537.jpg?k=17f5fe42be8d9148b019769b4c0606a884e31430e446edf1b0d84cab95c24919&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: panoramic-apartment\naddress: "Bulevardi Gjergj Fishta, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32242981\n  lng: 19.80856518\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494537.jpg?k=17f5fe42be8d9148b019769b4c0606a884e31430e446edf1b0d84cab95c24919&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489683253.jpg?k=da97a17630abf4b03732286f340d6ab56384a1197debc7623e3307566fc5a23f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494545.jpg?k=52f1729a17ba3e96959c6b316387fdfab3ac6d725c95be5f5bd683d8a8160d8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494528.jpg?k=246546686645f970cdf6928638bb37526e1d6ee721fd64dec636b55b0f595f48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494535.jpg?k=b59d335037175697aa81158bd37b37d8524def93c4f53a2f60024cca76379779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491494517.jpg?k=2ddbd32a7301db154f681d94c218ab6b3f4882074edee2a06a94eb8c138b5dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487113354.jpg?k=9c9074901ab842cae43fcf92a01a134d59711420791e01107ca15164ed30f22c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478407333.jpg?k=55d6d693e2aec026f86aef6f85f9e051cb11f0c0c3925315065aadd49db4ab27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523569685.jpg?k=ee1fb681f1266d87465995e2e30ae435eec1648ba8f3c145a699a190d9f44117&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Makarona Ceni 20 m"\n  - "Zgara Korcare Komuna E Parisit 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fabio"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Location. Auto check in. Hospitability. Clean. Spacious apartment.”"\n  - name: "Bohdan"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Excellent and extremely spacious apartments in a good location! The price was very attractive too.”"\n  - name: "Krenar"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We stayed in this cosy apartment last night and we wanted to emphasise that the cleaness and the comfort, the fresh air in the balcony were just great. The kitchen was very well-equiped and we were able to cook there.
We also could drink coffee...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panoramic-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with its modern facilities, including an elevator for easy access, and the luxury of private check-in and check-out services, ensuring a seamless experience for guests. The commitment to comfort is further underscored by the provision of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises, catering to the connectivity needs of the modern traveler. Additionally, the apartment maintains a non-smoking policy, located conveniently just 1.1 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, adding to its appeal for those keen to explore the city's rich past.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting a balcony that offers serene river views. It is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the presence of two bathrooms with a bidet adds an extra layer of convenience. The provision of towels and bed linen enhances the homely feel of the apartment. Guests can also enjoy the unique feature of an outdoor dining area, perfect for those who appreciate the joy of dining under the open sky.

For those interested in exploring the local attractions, Panoramic Apartment is ideally located near Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud, making it a perfect base for cultural exploration. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, ensures easy access for international travelers.

In summary, Panoramic Apartment offers a compelling mix of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and comfortable living spaces, making it an excellent choice for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay.