---\ntitle: "Panoramic Vlachos"\ndescription: "Panoramic Vlachos emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both comfort and adventure in the heart of Gjirokastër, merely 45 km away from the tranquil Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468419689.jpg?k=90a0c6f942f17ed451cb3e7995a41425990d142eb80e009ca0309c04392f16b7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: panoramic-vlachos\naddress: "Rruga Partizani, Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07284427\n  lng: 20.13531836\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 109\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468419689.jpg?k=90a0c6f942f17ed451cb3e7995a41425990d142eb80e009ca0309c04392f16b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373778425.jpg?k=1a042997beda82b43641bc073fd53e83055d37a2d7ea52f98aeb4e0209150244&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373776922.jpg?k=83fed53ecba5780da8fcd6bbf28a26a9354ad50e7bbcf950c9b0785a6feddfe0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373793884.jpg?k=38884975ccfc5884786bf573e36d1ec27efffec9cae55f564f6536a9400ab1c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373793161.jpg?k=68a921581f986259d6e382d006c74c2f4d2f43653fd4e715d4aa5c662070cffd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373780070.jpg?k=11d5850020012a1a935ff21515f3143aa5f4963355061b14b34afc4a33cd672f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467425849.jpg?k=9f03b0f85ad9c21de85be442f477deea6e3d57982a3b11108a63e7ceb62fc36d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467425852.jpg?k=3b0de6a7ad6fc7157ad66155dd2cd198a4cc0bdb996a380d1bd625b092718058&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373776962.jpg?k=830d0a905478471e8ab16fea615af1a14aecc6c45dca3244482311f28eee6a19&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Kotoni 150 m"\n  - "Bake 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chloé"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The view from the hotel was breathtaking. The host was adorable and breakfast was delicious by Albanian standards.”"\n  - name: "Rolf"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Located on the hill top, with breathtaking views. Very friendly Greek owners, helpfully always with a smile. Very clean, mosquito-nets on door and windows, so fresh air is possible. We got a welcome orange lemonade, an a plate of melons for free!...”"\n  - name: "Asaf"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The place is adorable! Maria the owner gave us a warm welcome, set with us to explain every thing about the city and made us feel at home! the place is beautiful with a spectacular view over the city and fortress! the location is great close to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panoramic-vlachos.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit at Panoramic Vlachos is meticulously appointed with modern conveniences including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dishwasher, and a coffee machine, ensuring a stay that blends relaxation with the comforts of home. The presence of a shower, hair dryer, and wardrobe in every room, alongside the provision of a kettle, private bathroom, and complimentary WiFi, enhances the guest experience. Select rooms elevate the stay further with terraces offering breathtaking mountain views, while all guests are treated to the comfort of quality bed linen and towels.

Mornings at Panoramic Vlachos are greeted with an enticing buffet and continental breakfast, featuring a variety of warm dishes, local specialties, and fresh pastries, promising a delightful start to the day.

For those keen on exploring the enchanting surroundings of Gjirokastër, the guest house serves as an ideal base for cycling adventures. Additionally, a shared lounge area provides a perfect setting for relaxation after a day of exploration.

Located 84 km from Ioannina Airport, Panoramic Vlachos stands as a gateway to the natural beauty and cultural richness of the region, offering an unparalleled hospitality experience that caters to the desires of every traveler.