---\ntitle: "Panoramic View House"\ndescription: "Panoramic View House, located in the serene Tepelenë area of Gjirokastër County, offers a unique retreat with breathtaking mountain and river views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072123.jpg?k=9b569c6db53a8d5b4fb51e8756d171da063755303a1612c0bee1dfabac2cd655&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: panoramic-view-house\naddress: "Rruga Tepelenë - Gjirokastër - Janinë, 6004 Tepelenë, Albania"\ncity: "Tepelenë"\nlocation: "Tepelenë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.29337643\n  lng: 20.01798715\nprice: "US$23"\npriceFrom: 23\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072123.jpg?k=9b569c6db53a8d5b4fb51e8756d171da063755303a1612c0bee1dfabac2cd655&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072235.jpg?k=f507352ee6faacdec8216aa2fd44804d84a8dd038d1b85e645c4697b5fd39738&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072266.jpg?k=be05398dc881d92cde5acb49f0d5c0ad5d327021414595c687970261d644dd9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072278.jpg?k=7d82bef93ea86ee0bd34530050cde1c9e00f9f449b4c92ce563468cc8918c88a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496072455.jpg?k=a12398436789ff074e13fbb8df3e7696c9f117a531803a9372c7f16d9d5c7d40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511315137.jpg?k=c1c04a6ed28bb288596415e335d73741b5c40a836a9fe95911f83603de2ee443&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (147 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe \90\\"\" 200 m"\n  - "Gjysh Selimi 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 76 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 94 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Wij hadden een fantastisch verblijf! Lindita en Avni, de mensen die de kamers verhuren, zijn ongelofelijk attent. Ze namen ons mee naar een lokaal restaurant en dronken iets met ons achteraf. De kamers zijn zeer goed onderhouden en alle...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panoramic-view-house-tepelene.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Panoramic View House are thoughtfully designed to maximize the natural beauty of its surroundings. Each unit boasts a cozy seating area, a washing machine, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, ensuring guests feel at home. The shared bathroom facilities include slippers and a hairdryer, adding a touch of comfort to the rustic charm. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in the units adds to the convenience for guests.

A highlight of the stay is the continental breakfast available to guests, providing a perfect start to the day with a selection of delicious options. For those looking to enjoy the great outdoors, the country house features a picnic area, ideal for a day of relaxation and connection with nature.

Adding to the appeal is the availability of complimentary WiFi and private parking, ensuring that guests' needs are met with ease. The outdoor fireplace is a cozy spot for evening gatherings, making memories under the stars.

Situated 111 km from Ioannina Airport, Panoramic View House is accessible yet feels like a world apart, offering a peaceful escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life. This property is not just a place to stay but a destination to experience the beauty of Gjirokastër County.