---\ntitle: "Paradise Beach Hotel"\ndescription: "Paradise Beach Hotel emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure right on the shores of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396764827.jpg?k=5856cc743fab07204002290db3a982543617ff25829d003e12e6cbc3c0c166e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: paradise-beach-hotel\naddress: "Radhime, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.38236477\n  lng: 19.48373795\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396764827.jpg?k=5856cc743fab07204002290db3a982543617ff25829d003e12e6cbc3c0c166e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396756454.jpg?k=0610d07e34359598bc26e9a5a6bd63da34e65a8c2a3a16376c51de2fadf9d46a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396757817.jpg?k=36f617318d630edee7983e8dfbc28ed0ca41037cfe17d6914c5cef1f045a9d17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396757822.jpg?k=9600180391c89da7787730f69c01801fe32fec9a2ea8c4dcd359d0a39d6d7b90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396757823.jpg?k=7b592d46883227c4f90dd9489b0ed8ee7cd8646e28b9f35548a32b1d1a19e332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396763078.jpg?k=46faa6873d7d9041be308d068d80cf93bd98bf59fa63f1b8e4bf6d9eb37eac72&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iliri 300 m"\n  - "Soleado 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 150 m"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 800 m"\n  - "Vajana Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 10 km"\n  - "Independence Square 10 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 93 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Agnieszka"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“LOCATED ON THE BEACH. BIG ROOM WITH A SEA VIEV . VERY NICE AND HELPFUL STAFF. TASTY, BIG AND VARIOUS BREAKFAST.”"\n  - name: "Dalia"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“A charming little hotel on the outskirts of Valora. One of the few with a private beach accessed directly from the hotel. The beach is clean with sunbeds and umbrellas. peace and quiet Beach towels can be obtained at the reception. There is an...”"\n  - name: "Somadg"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“What I liked most was the fabulous service at the front desk and at the dining room. I had to alter my booking at the last moment and the girl at the reception was wonderful and accommodating!
The food was the best I'd had at Albania so far. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/paradise-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach accommodation at Paradise Beach Hotel is thoughtfully designed with air conditioning and complimentary WiFi access, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. Guests can enjoy the serene beauty of the sea from their own balconies, a feature that enhances the charm of every room. The living spaces are equipped with modern amenities including flat-screen satellite TVs, DVD players, minibars, and fridges, catering to all entertainment and refreshment needs. For added comfort, select rooms offer a cozy seating area adorned with plush sofas.

The attention to detail extends into the bathrooms, where guests will find either a refreshing shower or a lavish spa bath, complemented by a bidet, hairdryer, free toiletries, and slippers for a spa-like experience within the privacy of their room.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Paradise Beach Hotel invites guests to unwind at the on-site bar, share moments in the shared lounge, or stroll through the garden. For those seeking to mix business with pleasure, meeting facilities are readily available. Adventure enthusiasts will appreciate the array of water sports facilities at their disposal, including diving, canoeing, fishing, cycling, and hiking, promising an action-packed stay.

Situated conveniently, the hotel is a mere 5.5 km from Orikum Marina, offering easy access to maritime adventures. The Kuzum Baba Viewpoint and Vlorë Castle, located 15 km and 12 km away respectively, present opportunities for cultural exploration and breathtaking views of the region. With free private parking on site, guests are afforded the ease of exploring the surrounding area at their leisure.

Paradise Beach Hotel stands out as a sanctuary for those who seek to immerse themselves in the beauty of Vlorë while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed accommodation and the thrill of nearby adventures.