---\ntitle: "Paradise apartments"\ndescription: "Paradise Apartments emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Sarandë, boasting prime access to the city's most pristine beaches including Sarande Main Beach, Saranda Bay Beach, and Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104797186.jpg?k=839eab62194aed00ec0e41a4939cdeb93b7439ffb789b97c64e40b61ff4d1e64&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: paradise-apartments\naddress: "street Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87154659\n  lng: 19.99343712\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104797186.jpg?k=839eab62194aed00ec0e41a4939cdeb93b7439ffb789b97c64e40b61ff4d1e64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520134534.jpg?k=e74effc485016b6f4a3dbf1934ebde657c0240f05d717803b24c0e8ba2d02d14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143912833.jpg?k=dfda61da41e09e501597e62e45359012616254bb7e3bd3bff7820be17535cfca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520139344.jpg?k=785ba24e45ade0c70fb5ae2109ea2dbe8bf484bf98dfb6ef30a9981b1bb0cc88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520139226.jpg?k=628ee3adb4dc1609ddd1b5bc3fb1390c5002b9f867c0e937507b288f28eaca2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520131652.jpg?k=50cc6e02cee573420d47d1a4c003f985b4fe14f85baea3de71f6b54cce9ad329&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505190874.jpg?k=6c62488b02ec24d7409cbe8c2f378a3594c7833fdf330c0ced16de07f31bf4f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143913063.jpg?k=eaf13e8b3c139ebff97555d1350541836dc01f60618a63e3fa8a25639ea979c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105557632.jpg?k=24b745563ad81ea8014907ec15bdca0eea5be0a3a374507a28480a555875d186&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Luxury Two-Bedroom Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 10 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pål"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“This apartment is fantastic!! You can enjoy the sun on the huge balcony from sunrise to sunset. There is also another balcony from the other bedroom. Don’t think you’ll find an apartment in Sarande with better view!
The apartment is really...”"\n  - name: "Tena"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Stunning view, larger than expected, didn’t even notice in the booking that it actually has two bathrooms”"\n  - name: "Ramona"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The view was super. The apartment was greate with all you need. market and restaurants with good food close. to the port is a 20 min walk.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/paradise-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Paradise Apartments is undoubtedly its spacious accommodations. Each apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, two bathrooms, and is fully furnished with all the comforts of home, including bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, while the balcony presents breathtaking views of the sea, perfect for unwinding. The air-conditioned units also include a convenient shower and dressing room, enhancing the comfort of each stay.

For those looking to explore Sarandë and its surroundings, Paradise Apartments offers both bicycle and car rental services, providing an easy way to discover the local area. The property is a stone's throw away from the enchanting Butrint National Park, located just 18 km away, and is within manageable distance from Ioannina Airport, making it an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers.

With its combination of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a memorable stay, Paradise Apartments stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and adventure in Sarandë.