---\ntitle: "Parid Appartments"\ndescription: "Parid Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359004779.jpg?k=b9275322734097adbc04097ae9f93cb66e1a124929271ff2bed876492324f72c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: parid-appartments\naddress: "Lgj Nr 1, Rruga Butrinti, pranë kanalit Çukë, Troy Restorant, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.84948587\n  lng: 20.02341797\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359004779.jpg?k=b9275322734097adbc04097ae9f93cb66e1a124929271ff2bed876492324f72c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524331553.jpg?k=ac94129937701b94b68e2f7506e0b10c7e1ee90217afbabb274f8f478ed3a0a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524331027.jpg?k=1412fa8e4bca9938786c042caedacb07cbe0fd522124111879c7b44541d5531d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524330902.jpg?k=ccff71a2081b2bed7829937dc83a22b15881e20b2a5cdaf28f618a70c4dad01a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524334482.jpg?k=93c0e08dfb6d194fd2e06535bb47bd5ab1560ead4f974d1a7f231cda4e469a61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524334408.jpg?k=402ef527b0cc7df1c99af9475c71ee6961c8d6951b60255acc5cba1eb220ac40&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "River View 50 m"\n  - "Sunrise 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 50 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abdallah"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Verrry big and nice location between Sarande and ksamil”"\n  - name: "Meg"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean and well equipped apartment with a friendly and helpful host. Air conditioning worked well. Take an extension lead for charging your phone and ask how the washing machine and shutters work. (We bought cheap 4g sim at the port necessary if...”"\n  - name: "Rigers"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location it was very good,, 13minutes from Ksamil beach and 5 minutes from saranda city ,the owners were very kind”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/parid-appartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests of Parid Apartments are treated to a host of thoughtful amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, complimentary private parking, and free WiFi to keep guests connected. The charm of the apartments is further amplified by the inclusion of a balcony, offering sweeping sea views that promise to captivate.

The living spaces are thoughtfully appointed, with a seating area and a flat-screen TV for entertainment, alongside a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster, catering to the culinary needs of guests. The convenience extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. For an added touch of convenience, towels and linens are available upon request.

For those looking to explore beyond the comfort of their apartment, Heaven Beach is located just 2.4 km away, offering another idyllic spot for relaxation and sunbathing. The historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins and natural beauty, is only 12 km from the property, making for an easy day trip. Additionally, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is situated 98 km away, facilitating access for international travelers.

Parid Apartments stands out as a top accommodation choice in Sarandë, offering guests a blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration in this vibrant coastal city.