---\ntitle: "Park Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Park Hotel Tirana emerges as a serene oasis just a short distance from the heart of the city, located merely 4."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/117918772.jpg?k=b8826a3e3bd8117f66f0eaf09cd899b950373758c6a0fbe4b3c4efa05794ad87&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: park-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Rr. Aleksandri i Madh, Pallati Y&S Park Hotel, Tirane, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32903436\n  lng: 19.78252849\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 138\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/117918772.jpg?k=b8826a3e3bd8117f66f0eaf09cd899b950373758c6a0fbe4b3c4efa05794ad87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217801142.jpg?k=f8993339c4c3ed51240e845e6a2c990f98fee332d3d24720082334fafaede373&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217799616.jpg?k=1cbf6369823d80d628ebd757b5b60b659d50b013b2be310fabf8cfc3ddbb1914&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286816066.jpg?k=18ee9a60dfd8e3621f4cef48c767220725da4df1d53968c594411a40bb1f5b74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286816087.jpg?k=ff37f0ecda91c454c125b8c5acba54f6c83cd8d3f00a760efdee86d308ae511d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286816125.jpg?k=ada3e8f185c80ece77fabe1de07238fdefae0bf5860d69dab3d6805abf6b0908&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Public House Food and Drinks 50 m"\n  - "Duaprap 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 250 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Oltion"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great staff, excellent room. Great view beautiful area around”"\n  - name: "Onur"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“It has perfect location. The stuff was so helpful.”"\n  - name: "Mohamed"\n    country: "Egypt"\n    text: "“Location and friendly staff. In a buzzing area full of restaurants and shops 20 mints from the airport. 15 mints to TEG or Q mall and another 10 mints to downtown”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/park.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest convenience and comfort, offering a shared kitchen, attentive room service, and the luxury of free WiFi throughout the premises. A 24-hour front desk, along with services such as an ATM and currency exchange, ensures that guests' needs are promptly met at any hour.

Accommodations at Park Hotel Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is furnished with a wardrobe, air conditioning, a safety deposit box, and a flat-screen TV for a truly restful stay. Select units also boast a balcony, providing a private outdoor space to enjoy. The inclusion of a seating area in all rooms adds an extra layer of comfort, making it easy for guests to unwind.

For those seeking relaxation under the sun, the hotel's sun terrace offers the perfect spot. Adventure enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site ski equipment hire and car hire services, opening up endless possibilities for exploration in the surrounding areas known for skiing and cycling.

Situated conveniently close to notable attractions, Park Hotel Tirana is just 9.2 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 5.8 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha. For guests traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 12 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Park Hotel Tirana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and access to outdoor adventures.