---\ntitle: "Party guesthouse for big groups"\ndescription: "Discover the ultimate group getaway at Party Guesthouse, strategically located in the vibrant heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366269896.jpg?k=3d0d83543a2d5446ce0e389b9d9f2eeb78e5b00d56c560e65abb9af22fa23039&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: party-guesthouse-for-big-groups\naddress: "Rruga Faik Konica, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31846938\n  lng: 19.82795821\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366269896.jpg?k=3d0d83543a2d5446ce0e389b9d9f2eeb78e5b00d56c560e65abb9af22fa23039&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405242267.jpg?k=c96c933db13b527c6d2f12f76431ce771b817715e44846c00e6f4493cc31ca37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405242202.jpg?k=d4592a8aff79027780b7872eb66abe3f0de86af0c9203e523c52ee55f7c811a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366279084.jpg?k=d651493e5d2eb372a62a79c31dba0404cccc36a51575b1b8354170410d7e3641&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365048084.jpg?k=90c75969a438b60a6ca93d403ee4d67ed713fd28c20d5499b810a948b9675384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366281398.jpg?k=a7323f6ff6a81058309962a0c246a01a37d329877deda9efc699a73c99dd803b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366269426.jpg?k=bafb0695502dfc9655c6688feeec500bc5323e1f114a8267d960def472b3bad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366280413.jpg?k=407f3282b7889e081ed95508b74d42228bc9bdc2f20a9f0c72b66f96d98a775a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366279365.jpg?k=b8edb0223347b12bb9399d74dc6d0125ab8efa120ce166f5c01219d6ce7b812a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New XL 100 m"\n  - "Byrektore 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Miglė"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Location is very good, AC works well, friendly host”"\n  - name: "Keis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“For a group of friends is perfect , clean and easy to find”"\n  - name: "Barbora"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Spacious apartment for a big group. The kitchen is very well equipped. City centre is pretty close, in walkable distance. The owner is a nice person and gives you extra tips for bars and restaurants.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/party-guesthouse-for-big-groups.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Big Groups"\nbestCategories: "Big Groups"\ncategory: "Big Groups"\n---\n\nThis expansive apartment is designed to cater to the needs of large groups, offering two separate bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for those relaxing nights in. The fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a dining area and dishwasher, ensures that meal preparation is a breeze, allowing guests to feel right at home. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of comfort and convenience to the stay.

One of the standout features of Party Guesthouse is its commitment to guest comfort, highlighted by the inclusion of air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and on-site parking, all at no additional charge. The property prides itself on being a non-smoking environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all guests.

The guesthouse's location is unbeatable for those looking to immerse themselves in Tirana's lively atmosphere. Attractions such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the Pyramid of Tirana are all within easy reach, making it effortless for guests to dive into the local scene. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 18 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Party Guesthouse for big groups stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a comfortable, convenient, and culturally rich stay in Tirana.