---\ntitle: "Pashkaj Hotel"\ndescription: "Pashkaj Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Pogradec, offering a tranquil retreat just a stone's throw away from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs, 17 km to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482994480.jpg?k=281ff37f91558a28bbae7c0aa4b5f2eb8284df557fa37b768472cefab427ebce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pashkaj-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Hodenish, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.97292893\n  lng: 20.64392115\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482994480.jpg?k=281ff37f91558a28bbae7c0aa4b5f2eb8284df557fa37b768472cefab427ebce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482972033.jpg?k=5d4a7f5c90a747db690598a5d07338e5b62716f64bc6afb2fc163267149be2a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482972038.jpg?k=e6ab786a6a04b7afbd8675b4b0e5f01c811bb61cfcf1e16068dec7b15cb54ef6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482959866.jpg?k=6486f13bb23ce02e24e57b810dd63407ab42b34a9a55c98465cadbaa677a6d02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482989360.jpg?k=2809e2d97f6058fa5f81af576555105126479cf223a657fb30462ea1006986f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491595775.jpg?k=e00fed61b9db9a6cf80b28bc7e8ab86fde25cf35097334016ef7f7ca19140fec&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Herges 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Eral 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 9 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 11 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 13 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 14 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 23 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 78 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“There are no words to discribe the room and the people!very clean,a lot of space,very comfortable and in front of the lake.we were so excited for staying there and we will visit this place again, for sure!!thank you also for the coffee you gave us”"\n  - name: "Βασιλης"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Το ξενοδοχείο είναι πεντακάθαρο. Τα δωμάτια πάρα πολύ ευρύχωρα. Και οι ιδιοκτήτες πολύ ευγενικοί και εξυπηρετικοί.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pashkaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel's strategic location places it within a comfortable distance of some of the region's most captivating attractions. It's a mere 31 km from the mystical Cave Church Archangel Michael and the historic Bay of Bones, with the Early Christian Basilica only a bit further at 45 km. Moreover, the scenic Port Ohrid and the revered Church of St. John at Kaneo are also within reach, at 45 km and 46 km respectively, making Pashkaj Hotel an ideal base for explorers keen on uncovering the area's rich cultural tapestry.

Guests are treated to air-conditioned rooms that not only offer a stunning city view but also come equipped with a wardrobe and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a blend of convenience and comfort. The allure of Pashkaj Hotel is further enhanced by select rooms that feature a balcony with breathtaking mountain views, and for those who prefer a touch of home, some rooms are fitted with a fully equipped kitchen, including a fridge, a dishwasher, and an oven.

The hotel prides itself on its attentive service, with a reception that is always ready to provide valuable information to help guests navigate the area with ease. For travelers arriving by air, the nearest airport, Ohrid Airport, is conveniently located just 36 km away, making Pashkaj Hotel an accessible haven for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Pashkaj Hotel stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of adventure in the heart of Pogradec.