---\ntitle: "Pashuta"\ndescription: "Pashuta stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Voskopojë, Korçë County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210247753.jpg?k=32eb17769df84196119e116f68a602e40a7a606cefe798c1b401b61c76adef01&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pashuta\naddress: "Rruga e Vjeter e Karvaneve, Voskopojë, Albania, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63296512\n  lng: 20.58756351\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210247753.jpg?k=32eb17769df84196119e116f68a602e40a7a606cefe798c1b401b61c76adef01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237185689.jpg?k=fdb4446f129f7eba8295ab91f5598e517e3bdb1a2b804e8d272c78395fcd86fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210245428.jpg?k=b8d9717e0325c393549e5921d9575cdeb3e36fe6337aa06434ccd749484947b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228902083.jpg?k=fb32a1509da521f72149dd4fd720341dd3fe198571aefe7984c4a48c918f7509&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113783274.jpg?k=e027b01389671bd68c0a13d061f73d5e12b5d689be3ab771b79ae83753572188&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210245591.jpg?k=c2e504c91663002df16ee0f9e9ccd8ed8ebb3da917e52dd83afb01d532c535e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210245542.jpg?k=24bfa15c339eaadc910e74701a18a23c1732808a1a525f89f1895d2e6b37806b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355381472.jpg?k=eea03353fb202c8dc33a10bea66f17184bec329d442c7332c039e875a37a08e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355381782.jpg?k=e24417449182e14e56134b6c8b55f84e7e3baa3df139c5173be7bee0e1dfcb1e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Falo 150 m"\n  - "Restorant \Ambassador\\" 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 17 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 17 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 17 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hotel Pashuta is the place where tradition and modernity are connected. It is the second time I come to this hotel and it is always a pleasure. The staff and service are fantastic and always ready to make our stay as quiet and comfortable as...”"\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was great! The owners are extremely nice and helpful! The breakfast outside, the fireplace, the location, the design of the bathroom- the stay in Pashuta was fantastic!”"\n  - name: "Yeshayau"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The owners were extraordinary. They host us with kindness and open heart.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pashuta-voskopoje1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Pashuta are thoughtfully designed, with select units boasting private entrances, desks, and wardrobes for a homely feel. The allure of mountain views can be enjoyed from the comfort of a terrace or balcony in certain units, which also feature outdoor dining areas for an enhanced experience. The importance of privacy and convenience is underscored with every unit housing a private bathroom.

The breakfast selection at Pashuta is a testament to its commitment to quality and variety, offering guests warm dishes, local specialties, and pancakes, with the option for breakfast in the room for those who prefer a more intimate dining experience. The snack bar and availability of packed lunches cater to the needs of guests on the go.

Families visiting Pashuta will find the outdoor play equipment a delightful addition for children, while the availability of ski equipment rental service and ski-to-door access makes it a haven for ski enthusiasts. The surrounding area invites guests to explore the slopes, ensuring an adventurous stay.

Located 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Pashuta presents an accessible retreat for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and tranquility of Voskopojë, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and adventure seekers.