---\ntitle: "Payo Apartments"\ndescription: "Payo Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891081.jpg?k=10c50477585319e33057236e7dd46754ecb5ef7bce6a3c65fa739e18c23d8202&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: payo-apartments\naddress: "600 Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87339502\n  lng: 20.00077458\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891081.jpg?k=10c50477585319e33057236e7dd46754ecb5ef7bce6a3c65fa739e18c23d8202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891097.jpg?k=9991d65c1fe2d28895b93fe2899cf675fb85c38041f099868bbf0d6348b1990a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891079.jpg?k=3bf1fa4e78a4c72251874304efafa4847f4cda0c5843eb8dd0c47d3be16304f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891106.jpg?k=72bdcf844e00adddefe03c45653012d96e1e13ca13f0f5d621438eb1a5e546ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891120.jpg?k=67cfbec99dcb52c1bf8f4b7b8c7bf95615fe09a1d68433a593c3b588d4fe2b68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432891129.jpg?k=156d1a5d6ae68d22c1271e69d7b1201d3345b5b47920e5ad61e00dc8cdac1c30&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lori 9 m"\n  - "Taverna Rrapo 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 450 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ulruch"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Appartement très propre et conforme aux photos. Nous avons été très bien accueillis, une dizaine de minutes à pied de la plage et le quartier était très chouette”"\n  - name: "Ifigenia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto perfetto … posizione ottima! Propietario disponibile e cordiale! Terrazzo con vista mozzafiato !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/payo-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Payo Apartments is designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring balconies that offer sweeping cityscapes, cozy seating areas for relaxation, and cable flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens and fridges, allow guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. The inclusion of private bathrooms with showers and slippers enhances the comfort of each stay. 

For those who prioritize connectivity, complimentary WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world. Select units further elevate the experience with expansive terraces, perfect for enjoying the serene surroundings. The convenience of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space in every apartment ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Situated 17 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and within proximity to Ioannina Airport, 97 km away, Payo Apartments serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural and historical wonders of the region. Whether traveling as a family or solo, Payo Apartments offers a welcoming retreat in Sarandë, promising a memorable stay marked by comfort and convenience.