---\ntitle: "Pazari i Ri: Central Cozy Stay"\ndescription: "Pazari i Ri: Central Cozy Stay emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713398.jpg?k=1b2a1ac001055660d59f211d0fdbc658f58a4f09adc964ce53c2f2791814fdec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pazari-i-ri-central-cozy-stay\naddress: "Tirana Parking - Pazari i Ri / Sheshi Avni Rustemi, 8RHF+JXH, Sheshi Avni Rustemi, Tirana, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32904093\n  lng: 19.82503033\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713398.jpg?k=1b2a1ac001055660d59f211d0fdbc658f58a4f09adc964ce53c2f2791814fdec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713433.jpg?k=a5b34de516f63da8e1a1af6def8dc4464deb54846c2e4c470131dd966d4537c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713424.jpg?k=936c2c94c48b32f2d542851b2987345da048c68184051234b6305c77effcac95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713421.jpg?k=3ca7c9226877c00283c43eb2948849e3f8a225b637be2a2d3824aeea4bc1459c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713417.jpg?k=cd5c3f08509a7c3b06a3bd10542a3157ee30764ab17e15f1ae6c42d7d82d0a63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713446.jpg?k=60c950faf9744ccee9342654598e37d29f6b106c36b149c32e95bd13f1bf087a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517713436.jpg?k=b906694284bb389a7643a51b5a3f11cc4837cdb9c08467a85950b990a0c0f99d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517731098.jpg?k=1a804f199d8953ec62fcf9e6edaa26519c0fa20caca992a53283fbd640dba4f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517731140.jpg?k=fc37f05b705b4064f2e55c0ecc2e059d234e495d72ee31acd2f77de6d40b844f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zavalani Snack Bar 40 m"\n  - "Vila Luara 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very good location. Clean and nice appartment. Perfect contact with the owner. We could leave luggage before check-in, what was convenient and important for us!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pazari-i-ri-central-cozy-stay.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking, one-bedroom apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a washing machine for added convenience. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, invites guests to prepare their meals, making it a perfect retreat for both short and extended stays. The provision of towels and bed linen ensures a comfortable and hassle-free experience.

Cultural aficionados will appreciate the apartment's proximity to the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, the iconic Clock Tower, and the historic Et'hem Bey Mosque, making it effortless to immerse in the local heritage. For those inclined towards shopping and entertainment, the Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania are nearby, offering a diverse range of activities to enrich any visit.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. Whether it's for the strategic location, the array of nearby attractions, or the thoughtful amenities, Pazari i Ri: Central Cozy Stay stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for discerning travelers venturing into Albania's captivating capital.