---\ntitle: "Peaky Hotel"\ndescription: "Peaky Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403580150.jpg?k=be0680d0962047c3fa5134767bde39c73110a5632e9cf5da930407a110f19a66&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: peaky-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31202394\n  lng: 19.4361859\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 344\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403580150.jpg?k=be0680d0962047c3fa5134767bde39c73110a5632e9cf5da930407a110f19a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406121220.jpg?k=1f376ead476951b5d21051bc252c6830e5e290c3cfed50e0ce6f9451b77c4b52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502486374.jpg?k=00368e9d8af14f6a76fa7764d4bf67855618dac616825c456c4d89827798cd24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454459237.jpg?k=5b4343663c3e9c8b7072f5a9bf7f957df7d29d3f414da0ffa3b8a36d3acac770&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502486518.jpg?k=a0d00f83eb848365277abb637e8fb4d43ca304799ecdeb847b3d648cf87ef888&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502486464.jpg?k=9e166d2c75e68458a976b5d2137519cc4284b35816bfb5f1d4815fe85d7315e9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Large Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Cialda 20 m"\n  - "Fish House 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 750 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 550 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 750 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful, nice place, modern
close to the beach,
good breakfast,
delicious coffee, proffessional and friendly staff
air conditioning hair dryer
soft bedding, god mattress
Very clean, cozy room
We would stay another time!”"\n  - name: "Cosmin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A Peaky Blinders-themed hotel in Durrës is something you wouldn't expect. Congrats to the manager for organizing everything!”"\n  - name: "Dagmara"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice staff.
Clean & comfortable room.
Good breakfast.
Very close to the beach & boardwalk.
Free parking.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/peaky.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to service, featuring a 24-hour front desk ready to cater to guests' needs around the clock, including airport transfers and room service. The provision of complimentary WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained throughout their stay.

Accommodations at Peaky Hotel are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a truly relaxing retreat. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury to the experience. For those desiring a little extra, selected rooms boast balconies offering a glimpse of the area's charm.

Mornings at Peaky Hotel start on a high note with a buffet breakfast, setting guests up for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to popular beaches like Kallmi Beach, less than 1 km away, and West End Beach, 2.2 km away, makes it an ideal base for beach lovers. Furthermore, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 34 km away, the hotel serves as a convenient gateway for international travelers.

In summary, Peaky Hotel stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of strategic location, impeccable service, and comfortable accommodations, making it a top recommendation for visitors to Durrës.