---\ntitle: "Pearl Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Pearl Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759697.jpg?k=5743edac262543990ebafbcbdd4e59258330bf04b63155feeb99184982fc6e5c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pearl-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "V279+QF2, Rruga Butrinti, Sarandë 9701, Albania, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86436031\n  lng: 20.01870739\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759697.jpg?k=5743edac262543990ebafbcbdd4e59258330bf04b63155feeb99184982fc6e5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759704.jpg?k=88bca35da9480f2354a32f1a6c99986c71a7891680051209111eab670488e922&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759710.jpg?k=10d0b851221f470db85ee2741be8126cd1e74e11f8c55f4dd748c21a925b4170&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759755.jpg?k=554a33e0758e776bc325c026fbda8f8fbce625b0c41d0760e23f479ba26dd4d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759820.jpg?k=4b0d5dc3e80ad15b176a7b530533ff59997c1d995ab0e7dff13add72e1dbcd66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759790.jpg?k=7eb0a17a28476919c304f0df29e5dd3da12aecd1066a74720309194419dc42c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759841.jpg?k=281a2e414040170d48db1eeecdcddb0223806e830de25fab8c84801e032eb531&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759806.jpg?k=03ddebd0a914ca622ab3336102e4895d6c42deebfef5aa480d43c8aca73aff16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367759640.jpg?k=dee382d181567e02403ac10591f44d1820a2f157c5504d372b8d745f5c5aeab1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cataleya 50 m"\n  - "Nertili 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 300 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 600 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 650 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jane"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A spacious, light filled apartment with a stunning view. Air conditioning, wifi excellent. It is well equipped with everything you’d need. Close by are excellent restaurants and supermarkets. We’d definitely stay here again”"\n  - name: "Jakub"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything you can imagine for a few days' stay. The apartment itself is spacious, fully equipped for a family of 4 like ours - washing machine, fridge, dryer, capsule coffee machine (we bought in the nearby Yes store), mixer, toaster, bed linen,...”"\n  - name: "Katarzyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Czysty i bardzo dobrze wyposażony apartament. Estetyczne dodatki. Gospodarze dbają o najmniejszy szczegół w apartamencie aby goście czuli się komfortowo. Wygodne łózko, przestronny salon, fantastyczny taras z widokiem na morze z Korfu w tle....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pearl-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting a spacious layout that includes a well-equipped kitchen, a cozy bedroom, and a living area designed for relaxation. The inclusion of modern amenities such as air conditioning, free WiFi, and a flat-screen TV ensures that guests experience the comforts of home while enjoying their getaway. The balcony, offering views of the sea and surrounding gardens, provides a serene backdrop for morning coffees or evening reflections.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality towels and bed linen, enhancing the overall stay experience. Additionally, the apartment's commitment to privacy and tranquility is underscored by soundproofing and a private entrance, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Butrint National Park lies 15 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich history and natural beauty. Although the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 96 km from the apartment, the journey is well worth the destination for those in search of a memorable Sarandë experience.

Pearl Sea View Apartment stands out as an ideal lodging option for travelers who value both the allure of the Albanian Riviera and the comforts of a well-appointed home away from home.