---\ntitle: "Pedestrian Street Center Apartment"\ndescription: "Pedestrian Street Center Apartment in Shkodër stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just 49 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446729720.jpg?k=cecb6fdddbd21def71c75875ff8fd4d1a1f083b83739617e718d5d95144ae84e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pedestrian-street-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Besnik Sykja, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06466372\n  lng: 19.51195205\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446729720.jpg?k=cecb6fdddbd21def71c75875ff8fd4d1a1f083b83739617e718d5d95144ae84e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400556470.jpg?k=6291cd9b355981ca245fc6d01a848b5897b1b90a2e6265368672380f1f0ac015&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400557509.jpg?k=c1355d253877c8a050825c33a19b525d57f000463c45196bcca312bbbff11e3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400556322.jpg?k=8b37c0f3decce477cc4eddd72e9ac4b390cdfff2458fa4fd715e561f89569a0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400556191.jpg?k=c00617d573c9abd71cebc4aa154c07b7dbc40eb73ea37ce7a93ddaf83007ab36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378159566.jpg?k=d7b180a95747040619108265aab25eaa33bf03145716de7a291d5ff045572d59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456418208.jpg?k=4375f6b0528e0e01120a05d5bf884b23ee646a46db307131fab9b84a5ed2e438&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400557447.jpg?k=80fff9d8607640798dd83a636d355a6899ce5845ce6103a7dfbf90569de7152d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400557202.jpg?k=5b6691ef2db20604ebd2226b8941f7338134ed866f19d08e51951ae00b580df5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Idromeno Bar Pastiçeri 4 m"\n  - "Proper Pizza 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.5 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Frank"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“10/10.
Absolutely amazing appartment and host. Very big and cozy appartment, everything was clean and accounted for, we could've eaten off the floor if we wanted. If you're looking for an appartment in Skhoder don't look no further!”"\n  - name: "Amanda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic apartment in a perfect location for all the attractions of Shkodër. The apartment is so spacious with quality furnishings and really comfortable beds, the photos don't do it justice. If you are using buses the depot is 5 minutes walk...”"\n  - name: "Janko"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Fantastic apartment, very friendly and helpful host and excellent location for exploring the beautiful and lively center of Shkoder.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piaca-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living and modern conveniences, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen and towels. Entertainment and relaxation are catered for with a flat-screen TV, offering a wide range of satellite channels, situated in a cozy dining area. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to prepare their meals, while the balcony offers a serene spot to enjoy the city's panoramic views. The commitment to guest privacy and comfort is evident in the apartment's design, featuring a private entrance and soundproofing, creating a tranquil urban retreat.

For those everyday essentials, the convenience of a minimarket on the premises adds to the appeal of this accommodation. Located 59 km from Podgorica Airport, the apartment also simplifies travel arrangements by offering airport transfers and a car rental service, making exploration of the surrounding area effortless.

Pedestrian Street Center Apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing Shkodër in unparalleled comfort and style.