---\ntitle: "Pemaj Hostel"\ndescription: "Pemaj Hostel, located in the vibrant city of Shkodër, stands out as a haven for travelers seeking both adventure and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109459370.jpg?k=6dba6fc0a0acfa39fb3e454886461d14231de5b747684defaf984e22b2b26494&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pemaj-hostel\naddress: "N.Skenderbeg, Str.Doktor Lito, Nr.36, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.07471027\n  lng: 19.52204861\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109459370.jpg?k=6dba6fc0a0acfa39fb3e454886461d14231de5b747684defaf984e22b2b26494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109459414.jpg?k=77968be1c0d54a9e151e9f053a677e9d568331c9a2f3b57e1cc2ad6a7398f929&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109457034.jpg?k=ff55e53e1387629fd69be864820fc6be6881a664c15c439ab845e298254baa42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51346153.jpg?k=9a1e7cfe1d764c39b080098e15158f338691b645c14df4d2baefe8590c7fc3ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109459434.jpg?k=961eab6abf482ccbcaf24b7a69795c0b6c49883372f33726dcf67498b2bed5e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109459386.jpg?k=79fc4af9a1ee1aa9480debffcee8c148b050d1cf284bb1d166cf240e8b33b3da&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\n  - "Standard Family Room"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hanneke"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Heel fijne ontvangst. Vriendelijke familie. Jammer dat we maar 1 nachtje konden blijven.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Zo een vriendelijke en behulpzame familie! Op een kleine 10 minuutjes wandelen van de hoofdstraat. Copieus ontbijt. Wagen kan in afgesloten binnenplaats.”"\n  - name: "Werner"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Gastfreundschaft überstieg unseren Erwartungen. Die Informationen und die Hilfsbereitschaft der Gastgeber haben uns sehr geholfen. Die hauseigene Verpflegung haben wir sehr genossen. Wir fühlten uns während unserem Aufenthalt wie unter...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pemaj-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of a tour desk ready to assist in planning their adventures, alongside the modern comforts of free WiFi throughout the property. The communal spirit of Pemaj Hostel is evident in its shared kitchen and room service, fostering a sense of community among guests. Additionally, the hostel ensures peace of mind with its currency exchange service.

The accommodations at Pemaj Hostel are thoughtfully designed, featuring rooms equipped with a desk, TV, and private bathroom, complete with bed linen and towels for a hassle-free stay. Select rooms elevate the experience with serene garden views and a private patio, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Moreover, every room is conveniently fitted with a fridge, adding an extra layer of comfort to the guest experience.

Culinary needs are well catered to with a choice of continental, Full English/Irish, or Italian breakfast available each morning, ensuring a delightful start to the day. For those looking to engage in some light-hearted competition, the hostel offers darts, while the surrounding area is a treasure trove for enthusiasts of diving and fishing.

Situated just 57 km from Podgorica Airport, Pemaj Hostel serves as an ideal base for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and adventure that Shkodër has to offer.