---\ntitle: "Penthouse Sea View Suites"\ndescription: "Penthouse Sea View Suites in Vlorë stands out as a distinguished 3-star accommodation, offering guests the luxury of private balconies with each booking."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522151008.jpg?k=ba70daef5c891c638f10ac8f8854ea32322070609db848863501acaf35acd819&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: penthouse-sea-view-suites\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44789975\n  lng: 19.4938391\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522151008.jpg?k=ba70daef5c891c638f10ac8f8854ea32322070609db848863501acaf35acd819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522442925.jpg?k=e830e23c7345ad9319ecb822c7f55c3b8c79728c682d9a723f59e0ad6f4c12f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522437124.jpg?k=ad15d1defaa7829adcdf451e4fed62ae8a8b89686f32558321c3aac40bebd185&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522442958.jpg?k=be96d9ae59a16b21d093da03240768edb56b66a75d16ae9fab3c575ba446151c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522433731.jpg?k=066d494a7a5344bdff301d54c27fc68f5acd2f30510d53b0e9273b3b3244e50a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522436793.jpg?k=0b747f5c95a100a038526d3166123bf8832fa4d15d7345689322aaf3695dfca4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Plaja 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Xhokla 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.3 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.6 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/penthouse-sea-view-suites.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Penthouse Sea View Suites are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of convenience. Select rooms further boast a terrace, providing an enhanced stay with breathtaking views. Storage needs are effortlessly met with the provision of a wardrobe in all units.

Guests at Penthouse Sea View Suites can start their day on a high note with a choice of breakfast options, including à la carte, continental, or Italian selections, available at the property. This flexibility ensures that there is something to suit every palate.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in English, Spanish, French, and Italian, who are available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk. Their readiness to offer practical advice about the area ensures that guests have a seamless and enjoyable experience during their stay.

For those looking to explore the local beaches, Penthouse Sea View Suites is ideally located near Vlore Beach, Ri Beach, and Vjetër Beach, making it a perfect spot for beach enthusiasts. Additionally, for guests traveling from afar, the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is 151 km away, making the hotel accessible for international travelers.

Penthouse Sea View Suites emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service in Vlorë.