---\ntitle: "Peraj Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Peraj Guesthouse, located in the serene Vermosh area, just 15 km from Gusinje, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both adventure and relaxation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105202660.jpg?k=451969002351baff003114829e902047eec41e53f56a4e232709b154afdca22b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: peraj-guesthouse\naddress: "Vermosh center, 3042 Vermosh, Albania"\ncity: "Vermosh"\nlocation: "Vermosh"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.59203983\n  lng: 19.68553389\nprice: "US$20"\npriceFrom: 20\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 198\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105202660.jpg?k=451969002351baff003114829e902047eec41e53f56a4e232709b154afdca22b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105202727.jpg?k=762b0c5638020069c8acd16af551672236a57e742bd8bd4505b6215209b5c4a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138121874.jpg?k=48d5f01bbd6acc1a7c4520b6a202f6e70f00cb40589fe73b98d501dde5d143bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105202712.jpg?k=c2f0aa12052204cafc4a3709d586d719b93d22bcc2984ccadbdfdc7b038d50fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255945357.jpg?k=1af903d744aa4e4b73528cf9e99047459e7ea606b411e724a1219f64b5669263&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302252110.jpg?k=4f17735b480d8f050146275db5cabdea0433b1faed66b845ecc4e80c3c1ae963&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mukai 500 m"\n  - "Cafe Hotel Natyra 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Prokletije National Park 6 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 15 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 18 km"\n  - "Memorial Park Knjazevac 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Top Bungalow mit top Ausstattung, very quiet, nice People”"\n  - name: "Erin"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Comfortable beds, large room, and warm accommodation. Breakfast was very tasty.”"\n  - name: "Bojana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Everything. The guesthouse is located in the quiet part of the village, really a nice place to rest. The house is new, beautiful and very clean. The host is a lovely family which really cares for the guests. The food is tasty and homemade. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/peraj-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe establishment is particularly family-friendly, boasting a children's playground that promises fun for younger guests, while the adults can unwind with a refreshing drink at the bar, all set against the breathtaking backdrop of mountain vistas. 

Accommodations at Peraj Guesthouse are thoughtfully designed for comfort and convenience. Select units include a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Guests have the pleasure of waking up to either serene lake or tranquil river views, with the added luxury of bathrobes, slippers, and complimentary toiletries enhancing the stay.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to relax in the shared lounge, fostering a sense of community and connection. For those seeking adventure, the guesthouse is ideally situated for engaging in a variety of activities. From the exhilaration of skiing to the unique experience of horse riding, there's no shortage of opportunities to immerse oneself in the natural beauty surrounding Vermosh.

Strategically positioned, Peraj Guesthouse serves as a perfect base for exploring the wider region. Podgorica and Kolašin are within a reasonable distance, offering further adventures, while the capital city of Tirana and the historic town of Shkodra are also accessible for day trips.

In summary, Peraj Guesthouse emerges as a compelling choice for travelers looking for a blend of leisure, adventure, and the warmth of a family-friendly atmosphere, all set within the stunning landscapes of Vermosh.