---\ntitle: "Perfect Attic"\ndescription: "Perfect Attic emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977484.jpg?k=4ff014946c599d32f9506bcd8c372ce1c32bc999e645cf694010f134b0eb6c97&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: perfect-attic\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32502851\n  lng: 19.81394017\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 7.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977484.jpg?k=4ff014946c599d32f9506bcd8c372ce1c32bc999e645cf694010f134b0eb6c97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977636.jpg?k=954cc8df21eb8395c339f498259f268fbd1b8e7fac541d5d2f1154c41cd6e77a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977664.jpg?k=3c6d814187208393115e8382c362dcb428f2fb6b09cc4016a455ba91c36b541e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977610.jpg?k=2553f4e2c4e49755627f7111e2e8262729e98d746307be682fac438a75880a8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977624.jpg?k=57265a2cd8cbcb0382df51acb8393d4719d2f32d69496fdb76c6f1feb6f9cc1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977645.jpg?k=c421a2ceafa261cc41dce9219386ce7e46b8e5cbf76d7a9b6aaadbd45bac58ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977656.jpg?k=ab343fde15198d53bceef106c956ddeb6e7bff27f3246bc6aae433632ec3a35c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977628.jpg?k=8163b357a2a234f26db114c3dd874fc24fe4f9626879c74a67adbf8fd5311b92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457977619.jpg?k=18001ec8a9b64bdc7a64b6ef63c5621bf9606397a62c76fd43293a8cbeecc221&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Peshku 20 m"\n  - "Picante 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I really liked the apartment, it is very pretty and in a good location. Everything necessary was there and it has a nice view.”"\n  - name: "Sofia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great location, clean and cozy house. C'is air conditioning and fan.”"\n  - name: "Przemysław"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Overall, a very good experience staying here. Great location, the apartment is quiet and quite cozy. The windows face 3 different directions and the view of Tirana from the fifth floor also adds a bit of charm to this place.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/perfect-attic.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a sanctuary of comfort with its air-conditioned spaces, complemented by the convenience of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those arriving by car, the availability of private parking on site is a welcome feature, adding to the hassle-free experience of staying at Perfect Attic.

The living spaces are thoughtfully designed, featuring a terrace that invites guests to unwind in a private outdoor setting. The apartment accommodates guests in a cozy bedroom, alongside a living room that promises relaxation. The kitchen is well-equipped, catering to the needs of those who prefer to prepare their meals. Entertainment needs are not overlooked, with a flat-screen TV available for guests' enjoyment.

For explorers eager to immerse themselves in Tirana's vibrant culture and history, Perfect Attic serves as an ideal base. Its proximity to historical landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana enriches the stay experience, offering a glimpse into the city's past and present. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, guests enjoy the convenience of travel connectivity.

In summary, Perfect Attic presents itself as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to explore Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions, all while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed apartment.