---\ntitle: "Perfect location, beautiful apartment"\ndescription: "Perfect Location, Beautiful Apartment emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918042.jpg?k=d06a2ea535b92245ad67a8a60057c93b789d0f2797122b546105fc5ed513da41&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: perfect-location-beautiful-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Robert Shvarc, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31807914\n  lng: 19.80337718\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918042.jpg?k=d06a2ea535b92245ad67a8a60057c93b789d0f2797122b546105fc5ed513da41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918177.jpg?k=8bef45ac44aced007dd2fa23471d74603b365cd30e87c81482208e0f4c5bf727&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918165.jpg?k=9a3136472bf661da6a73898ba34b738d00bb3e3865898d99ac200cfc0c2bcd8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918171.jpg?k=7f703dfc920b3129bf1e4e4043279c1d604eb55403a29ca7f1542c6021677ff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502832406.jpg?k=8b5668df9e93972b16a5a0d9f707125b3026716f7472364b6873e206c5430b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502834730.jpg?k=a8c6d4ba1b15d46250e861ff3323762869a11f0caf932954ea3505820dfdae2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918152.jpg?k=5084754a1c33f8df96cefa7b3e0571f4d8a908ad9a9b06d7982ebc8674c55cdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498918189.jpg?k=6f2b00d166bdca68601e64bfaf983fca695cd7beb6fc537e64a571ba32c79fe8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502832986.jpg?k=6579aca90739a17bf2e12d27d08f725f2b12dfe9862e92ac79d29d91d7bb5ecd&o=&hp=1"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Kepi Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Bar Relax 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "João"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Our original apartment had a water issue so we were relocated to a bigger apartment. The apartment was very. I got the suite and the shower was great.
There's a Spar right across the street. Good area with many restaurants.”"\n  - name: "Dennis"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Molto grande e accogliente, con un supermarket appena sotto. La ragazza che ci ha accolti molto gentile”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/perfect-location-beautiful-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment is a breath of fresh air for those who appreciate a smoke-free environment, located just a short distance from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, 1.7 km away. It's also conveniently close to other notable landmarks, including the intriguing Reja - The Cloud and the poignant House of Leaves, ensuring guests have plenty to explore.

Boasting a spacious layout, the apartment features a comfortable bedroom, a welcoming living room, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are well catered for with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, making it an ideal retreat after a day of sightseeing.

For those interested in delving into the city's history and culture, the apartment is within proximity to the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the lush surroundings of Rinia Park. Its location ensures that guests are never far from the pulse of the city.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away, making Perfect Location, Beautiful Apartment a convenient choice for both short and long-term stays. This property stands out as a top pick for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the charm and dynamism of Tirana.