---\ntitle: "Petit Hotel Elita"\ndescription: "Petit Hotel Elita emerges as a serene haven in the bustling heart of Shkodër city center, offering a blend of comfort and convenience mere kilometers from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and the picturesque Lake Skadar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139027732.jpg?k=471b64914e8629fbce9374b1c08907b9e343a3498a418f571640045a92417302&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: petit-hotel-elita\naddress: "Rruga Shtjefen Gjecovi, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0668073\n  lng: 19.5167842\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 473\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139027732.jpg?k=471b64914e8629fbce9374b1c08907b9e343a3498a418f571640045a92417302&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139028008.jpg?k=03c34794e9331136dbc266579e90a177c8592d254baf28356a329ccb8039a65b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135311207.jpg?k=8c458781cb9980f65cd620f854394b7f1e838e3aedf34344734b698f1766878c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196155626.jpg?k=9804b86925c38bcac98bd0e312f3094b242d475573a68cadfecd77c0b9a0e3a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135309809.jpg?k=17ec3ebeeabc0c260ee6bd4edef2d578263844f70fd453fb4501fe96d2fc14ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/166439299.jpg?k=9aed3490aad8bce1bb9dd08eab246e085cdb026c50a0eaedd0a47bba14279d1e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elita 100 m"\n  - "Goje Gaditese 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Weiyi"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“A sensor of modern art provides unexpected comfort. Very nice handsome guy leaves none of our requests unsolved.”"\n  - name: "Tracy"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“This is a wonderful accommodation option right in the heart of the city! A large parking area is available in an empty section, right across the road from the hotel. The staff here are super efficient and friendly. We were leaving early, so a...”"\n  - name: "Sandrine"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Nice bedrooms close to city center. Very quiet. Good aircon.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/petit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis charming hotel, spread across two floors, captivates with its thoughtfully designed rooms, each boasting modern amenities to cater to the contemporary traveler. Guests can expect air-conditioned spaces complete with flat-screen TVs, desks, and private bathrooms outfitted with hairdryers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that marries comfort with convenience.

Mornings at Petit Hotel Elita promise a delightful start with a bountiful buffet breakfast at the hotel's acclaimed nearby restaurant, a favorite among locals and visitors alike. The culinary experience extends beyond the morning meal, inviting guests to savor local and international dishes that cater to diverse palates.

Connectivity and ease of access are paramount, with free WiFi enveloping the premises and complimentary parking simplifying travel plans. For those looking to explore beyond the city, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 84 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Petit Hotel Elita stands out not just for its strategic location and amenities but for its dedication to creating a memorable experience. The hotel reflects Shkodër's rich cultural tapestry and hospitality, ensuring that whether one's visit is for business or leisure, it will be marked by personalized service and exceptional facilities.