---\ntitle: "Petros rooms"\ndescription: "Petros Rooms emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking tranquility and convenience in Himare."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471833070.jpg?k=145a476f46565b4f78a58c7f236da74f3834f69c865f23fb64619501d9aaa968&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: petros-rooms\naddress: "SH8 Ruga spiromilio, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.11116161\n  lng: 19.73950852\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471833070.jpg?k=145a476f46565b4f78a58c7f236da74f3834f69c865f23fb64619501d9aaa968&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471821043.jpg?k=a08463524c358bc7160cb374e03144a7af33da045678ff332a4aaf74cf48cfed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475527936.jpg?k=50cfe6cae12a5f05463aae573ab28059209dd710c319f52873f8878629af7b7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475528828.jpg?k=208f0377d638da9e8b07ee2bd09a7bab331d48feb516f428d041db8b9b9a1490&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471969636.jpg?k=4e688c9e394e936c42d9ee0b24bb44d5f0582f456f8104de7f19b4cac966bf4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471929525.jpg?k=256f52d52ac9ed6c876f984d889e28f371d3bbd8486df9f91733a8310331fcc9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blue Bay 850 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Mumbas 1,000 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Prinos Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Potam Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Christopher"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“Petros and his family were great hosts, very friendly and helpful. The beds were comfortable and the accommodation is all new, spacious and modern. Also a little balcony to sit out on. Good shared outdoor kitchen for cooking and dinning. It was a...”"\n  - name: "Xavi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Petro and his family are amazing hosts. They run the accommodation in a fantastic way. The rooms are clean, basic but comfortable. There is a shared kitchen where to prepare your food. The hostel premises are nice, close to the town. There is...”"\n  - name: "Diene"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Beautiful kitchen with view on nature, air conditioning, petros and family are really nice people and petros father have best raki (homemade spirit from grapes) in whole albania.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/petros-rooms-himare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nLocated strategically within a short distance from the pristine Spille Beach (1.4 km) and the tranquil Maracit Beach (1.7 km), this charming accommodation offers a lush garden setting complemented by the modern amenity of complimentary WiFi and the bonus of free private parking for those arriving by car. 

A select number of rooms elevate the guest experience further, boasting terraces that present breathtaking sea views, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the serene landscape. 

Each room has a refrigerator, ensuring refreshments are always within reach. 

Livadhi Beach is a mere 2.7 km away for beach enthusiasts, making it an easy excursion for a day under the sun. Despite its secluded feel, Petros Rooms is conveniently located 144 km from Ioannina Airport, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers.