---\ntitle: "Petrit Apartments"\ndescription: "Petrit Apartments stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484157.jpg?k=8c21397f21a066a9901ea529abf7aac2d4a0e8b98830864d290945f9afe7d48d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: petrit-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87251984\n  lng: 19.99326675\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484157.jpg?k=8c21397f21a066a9901ea529abf7aac2d4a0e8b98830864d290945f9afe7d48d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484146.jpg?k=ad935168b9c9a9e9f1db7d2ec45fa9359abad2fbd3a2ffa1de01281d996c0ddc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484143.jpg?k=044a9d815d5877d57a2c6f87fe88ca8b94f52981d597a02122aa646df5de7931&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484159.jpg?k=2825003d662bc77756d47c831cfa43a7abb82ff9235889be1b1d8d95043fbe9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484125.jpg?k=ef15a358f030d823de5045727b74d14f4e2b095abf5c41427fee6eb942120a24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466484091.jpg?k=5c069640c11c9a65c995af052e21ab11cc604da33a538950bb13eb84e1d930d2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fredi 40 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Toni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It's a real apartment! Had everything you'd need for a stay in the city and more. Clean, paired with washer, etc. Also, Petrit is a real gentleman.”"\n  - name: "Mucogllava"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“O perfect location nearby the sea. A spacious accommodation. Hospitable people. Parking lot. Clean rooms. I would recommend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/petrit-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully equipped with a fully functional kitchen, complete with a dining table, ensuring guests have everything they need for a self-sufficient stay. Entertainment is readily available through the inclusion of a TV with cable channels, and the convenience of a private bathroom, outfitted with a shower, slippers, and a hair dryer, adds an extra layer of comfort to the guest experience. The option to enjoy meals in an outdoor dining area enhances the appeal, offering a delightful setting for dining al fresco.

For those looking to venture beyond the immediate comforts of their accommodation, Butrint National Park lies 18 km away, presenting an opportunity for exploration and adventure. Additionally, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 98 km from Petrit Apartments, facilitates ease of travel to and from the property. This combination of thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and the promise of both relaxation and adventure makes Petrit Apartments a highly recommended stay for visitors to Sarande.