---\ntitle: "Philoxenia guest house"\ndescription: "Philoxenia Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Himare, Vlorë County, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567688.jpg?k=43b2a260907767502ddbc2afb72dabf690681663c6e0b85f4d9f715bc2383a1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: philoxenia-guest-house\naddress: "Himare, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.12217274\n  lng: 19.73331963\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567688.jpg?k=43b2a260907767502ddbc2afb72dabf690681663c6e0b85f4d9f715bc2383a1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355578183.jpg?k=d89c8e20303882898d87127d0140696cc5be5cacfc137b1ac16a4c91690cebc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567701.jpg?k=0341f01c15b02f040608bcd178a5dbe1ca49fa674da962eff77cd83f90f6ee9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567699.jpg?k=0ed2df1634aaf59dc30cced7358f7a0d791de941ee7f2417743f298481c0a2b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567714.jpg?k=b00c6b1806053e5a21730b45f459f5b80535ecea6acc3f47be3ae702e9070ff3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355571816.jpg?k=3f8826676888e4d01b78d04559f4e25313c8001ae84cbcc3c88dea7ad75322ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362284708.jpg?k=f4d7facd89b6c0889d5b50b015a374fab5e7848e5e6a32dbaba2dc712a44eb1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355567709.jpg?k=6e2b869cc4583e5efb06845d677685f3e2484667e1ea701556f749695b079228&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362468084.jpg?k=c2d4d8bd9ed859a4530bd9d9f5416e29194e7d7e84f0aead6dfcb95c585c873a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Café Butterfly 550 m"\n  - "Boho Beach Bar 1.6 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 59 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had an amazing time at Philoxenia. Alexa, our host was extremely friendly and helpful and the communication with her before, during and after the stay was fantastic. The villa was very comfortable with great facilities and the check in process...”"\n  - name: "Anastasiia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Wery pleasant host. Big, clean and comfortable apartment. Perfect view. Many thanks to Alexa for great time in Albania!”"\n  - name: "Nahir"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El trato recibido por parte de Alexa fue excepcional, además, la casa es enorme, estaba limpia y no le faltaba ningún tipo de detalle. Nos sorprendió muchísimo y nos dió mucha pena tener que irnos. Este alojamiento es un 10!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/philoxeniaguesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe guest house boasts a meticulously designed villa with four bedrooms and three bathrooms, accommodating guests with the utmost comfort. Each room is furnished with quality bed linen and towels, complemented by a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment. The villa's fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to feel at home, while the terrace offers breathtaking mountain views, setting the stage for memorable moments.

Air conditioning, a bidet, and a dressing room in the unit add a touch of luxury, enhancing the overall guest experience. The villa's commitment to privacy and tranquility is evident in its private entrance and soundproofing, creating a peaceful haven for those seeking a quiet getaway.

For those looking to explore the outdoors, the villa's location offers easy access to cycling paths, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surrounding area. The well-maintained garden provides an ideal setting for relaxation and contemplation.

Located 146 km from Ioannina Airport, Philoxenia Guest House is a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and serenity. With its full-day security and luggage storage services, guests can enjoy a worry-free stay, making it a top recommendation for those visiting Himare.