---\ntitle: "Phoenice's apartment"\ndescription: "Phoenice's Apartment emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty, located just 23 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360666053.jpg?k=a954adeb489f509a0ca90d191437e81b8661136f5ef09827fe2ee1d186290ef7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: phoenice-s-apartment\naddress: "SH83, Finiq, Albania"\ncity: "Finiq"\nlocation: "Finiq"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.91181093\n  lng: 20.05220129\nprice: "US$67"\npriceFrom: 67\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360666053.jpg?k=a954adeb489f509a0ca90d191437e81b8661136f5ef09827fe2ee1d186290ef7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545120.jpg?k=4c793d3517aca1d35f79fb25cc94551da186adc13d12de064d9d5d5483693908&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545109.jpg?k=f897c4209cb9358bd10380e0368816b15798a4d228f0c35b2c3f8afb9d1961bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545151.jpg?k=dd2cadcd843162e9ab0d3a4523a59402d1c04f25ad50d365ae56dbbf0df8c957&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374546610.jpg?k=843851e1e58f5382756fa4f4613ce0275d7501ecc6690afdd67e3e84a0f38ff9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545130.jpg?k=672155124a0ec773bce82f97390a1ecdb25094c997d578cfab73822e7297b940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374545141.jpg?k=c24e80b3b626c88e21aa1f4ead9fe75f7a97b33767e5d0f3b616f9481fa5f93a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374546604.jpg?k=24177e8417e1e58f05c16eda7c09659ae06fbee8cab55ae270b644f124727911&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360666068.jpg?k=95e447d7aa70cf23ecc67f33aa1153ac4e46d934f1814053a8cacb11115228d5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Sandri 1 km"\n  - "Restorant & Hotel Shkurti 2 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 6 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 6 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 6 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 17 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 35 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Delicious breakfasts with natural homemade products, served on a huge terrace with a beautiful view by charming and helpful hosts. Comfortable, modern apartment surrounded by nature, close to the best beaches around Sarandë. It's hard to imagine a...”"\n  - name: "Manuela34due"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Alojamiento con una limpieza impecable, grandes dimensiones y todo nuevo y equipado. La acogida y recibimiento por parte de los dueños Elepheteria y su esposo Odiseo fue maravillosa.
Nos brindaron bebidas de sus propias cosechas terrenales e...”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Gastgeber sind sehr freundliche Menschen. Wir hatten zunächst Probleme die Unterkunft zu finden und wurden sogar abgeholt. Die Wohnung ist gut gelegen mit toller Aussicht auf das umliegende Tal. Das Frühstück besteht größtenteils aus Produkten,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/phoenices-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Phoenice's Apartment are treated to a realm of amenities, including complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring a stay that is both connected and carefree. The option for outdoor dining adds a touch of charm, allowing visitors to savor meals amidst the tranquil surroundings.

The apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, boasting a terrace that opens up to stunning mountain vistas. It is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that comes fully equipped with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a bathroom with a shower, air conditioning, a dressing room, and a fireplace ensures a stay that is as comfortable as it is luxurious. With soundproofing and a private entrance, guests are guaranteed privacy and peace.

Situated 91 km from Ioannina Airport, Phoenice's Apartment offers an ideal escape for those seeking a blend of natural beauty, comfort, and privacy in a picturesque setting.