---\ntitle: "Piazza Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "Piazza Luxury Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489932741.jpg?k=784e6cdab0c1660f50f03f8785befca0e4ba8b9fd4a41b932afa310b390afb3a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: piazza-luxury-apartments\naddress: "12 Rruga Sulejman Pasha, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33098818\n  lng: 19.81457486\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 92\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489932741.jpg?k=784e6cdab0c1660f50f03f8785befca0e4ba8b9fd4a41b932afa310b390afb3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489924217.jpg?k=d60b59816c53b5643b614ec6b4ed1bbc055d12017eeddb4a0653a4757d38c318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489922863.jpg?k=43785960e28f28b16a1eae2b09a786049ffd4ee3a16d8e8513c889883c34fe5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489922817.jpg?k=6c52fcff02ab7bb4352a5fb6684e8e3af1adbd193421d8004703c8f461854435&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489932589.jpg?k=16338e23d76ab60e52265603858b544702f8644114aa4a1717450f90502bfb6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489932657.jpg?k=755cd80f64d6f08f342a60f68ca75e87d73cedda0276f5929bf382591d6866b4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (46 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 20 m"\n  - "Melbourne Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valeria"\n    country: "Liechtenstein"\n    text: "“size of the room, staff, location, parking included”"\n  - name: "Kostiantyn"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice place with all what is needed for a few days in Tirana))”"\n  - name: "Chloe"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was a great location, very clean, great facilities and great value for money. Would definitely stay again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piazza-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Piazza Luxury Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to ensure a stay that combines the ease of home with the luxury of a hotel. Each apartment is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from Tirana's bustling streets. The inclusion of a fully functional kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The convenience of a walk-in shower, complemented by plush bathrobes, adds a touch of indulgence to the bathing experience. For those needing to attend to work or planning their next day's adventures, a desk is provided in every unit.

The living spaces are thoughtfully designed, featuring both seating and dining areas, making them ideal for families or groups seeking a communal setting. Storage is ample, with wardrobes provided to stow away belongings, ensuring the apartments remain a clutter-free haven. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV in each unit, perfect for winding down after a day of exploration.

Situated near cultural landmarks such as the National Museum of History Albania, House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, guests have the luxury of immersing themselves in Albania's rich cultural tapestry within minutes. For those arriving by air, the convenience of being just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Piazza Luxury Apartments an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.

With the promise of free private parking, round-the-clock security, and complimentary WiFi, Piazza Luxury Apartments ensures a seamless and secure experience for all its guests, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting Tirana.