---\ntitle: "Piazza center studio"\ndescription: "Piazza Center Studio emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant culture, merely a stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and within a short distance of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385208.jpg?k=397c5b39bd36bbe0f259dbdaafa7f715c99381d0f0c59f6d43fe3516d2440954&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: piazza-center-studio\naddress: "Sheshi Skënderbej, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33049425\n  lng: 19.81606379\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385208.jpg?k=397c5b39bd36bbe0f259dbdaafa7f715c99381d0f0c59f6d43fe3516d2440954&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385215.jpg?k=0ee363317df2a31fb79b49ea6342e54e3b1fb26c86e188733b583c2dc754180c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385192.jpg?k=80d04a1a9ee0442707010a97bda6492f0d5cc4e319633d71322fea389bdbe509&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385210.jpg?k=26f8062eb77264871b59e70a1308f0881f5b659f6776bfa8029c344481721da3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496052721.jpg?k=b6b108e730f83c49ee99a9aa43423d52d8abb7f1ecd3ca90f58527efeb93c523&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385194.jpg?k=987cbea732156e4d46e4d86fb628fe13fa99e5fb9367abc45c838ce5ce490f11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385213.jpg?k=8bbb0b4ef7d818a6a032f6ac996e24e93e0df6bd3faeec0dc7097b422f317459&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385217.jpg?k=d273177d3b2129a6049d350d900685fa1adfcf1ade8a190a8a150284a6bbf86d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493385173.jpg?k=594d8c2c82b5f27eae5246b6be8fe399a7d8996471934448d887bf657e7b9d3a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Sofa Bed"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Restorant Motrat Qirriazi 20 m"\n  - "Baste Sportive 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Excellent location, just 3 minutes walking to the main square in the city. The host (Mr. Geraldo) is very kind and very helpful. He gave us many useful information about public transportation, shopping centers, etc. I recommend this place to stay...”"\n  - name: "Johan"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Nice cozy small apartment at the center of Tirana. Great location and even greater price. Geri was very nice and vey helpful. The best host ever. Recommend it 100%”"\n  - name: "Danijel"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Apartment is very good..Location in centar.You have everything what you need.Owner is great,I suggest him if you need transport for airport..If you wanna feel like in home I suggest this apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piazza-center-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to modern comforts in an apartment that doesn't skimp on amenities. Equipped with air conditioning, free WiFi, and a flat-screen TV for those downtime moments, the apartment also boasts a washing machine and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, ensuring all the conveniences of home are at hand. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of thoughtful hospitality.

The allure of Piazza Center Studio is not just in its well-appointed interiors but also in its location. A quiet street view promises a peaceful backdrop, yet the apartment is perfectly positioned for guests to explore Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions. The Clock Tower, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Museum of History Albania are all within easy reach, making it an ideal base for those eager to dive into the city's historical and cultural offerings. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 13 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Piazza Center Studio stands out as a beacon for those desiring a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local flavor in their accommodations, making it a highly recommended stay in the heart of Tirana.