---\ntitle: "Piazza Hotel JAKOVA"\ndescription: "Piazza Hotel JAKOVA emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258226265.jpg?k=066481f12201ba8adc1764c07b55ec1aa7ab83191a67a6085704aa6196761a9b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: piazza-hotel-jakova\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76855844\n  lng: 20.00237205\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 88\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258226265.jpg?k=066481f12201ba8adc1764c07b55ec1aa7ab83191a67a6085704aa6196761a9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258225875.jpg?k=924a93b17c43c6aad2964de3228c7e2fe0f8a9c10c9c704c16d7d8aca459e378&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207100857.jpg?k=dffe6293a2c35c036eaa60fc7584cf1836782cc1b7e2e9c28bbe9256a8839f5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258227537.jpg?k=ed3e7e66cf5d52f02b8f988babcc9039f03cd4f07db5dc21d2b46f9424f3bdc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207100871.jpg?k=2ddb0e16ea318efc4837a9b2d264523cc2bd7f01c6c2d9aab92f4cdd9baedc36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258225777.jpg?k=fa77f857b0dd7d3114d2053850719225ec361d82b6200f03d478bac8995f156e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210159292.jpg?k=8144e2e78361640eb4d460b6baac90959c628a4020f0b3ac2df0bb497f44d75c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210263090.jpg?k=7cfb80b6795016d02cb920c6ea730ba7954fc94695095ed36c70d4ad84284829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/259273511.jpg?k=d6e550bb7062f0b7113beec6dffd201b5b903f72de7a9317d7fc568a1c83dc18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258228020.jpg?k=095b45d6e3806200fee4928a8a77129de6c26c4536da15fba3ebc7b64f631426&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258227953.jpg?k=d1916de95d6dcc11f1fe8116eebcd0448da82616af4401c8187e738c19b5df3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210159282.jpg?k=c70c815c28c377f589fd16d7e6f63106d69b23493e06901a2aee6ef5396439e3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Bela-Vista 20 m"\n  - "Grill House Ksamil 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rushit"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the locations was in the center and the beaches were very close to the hotel. It was very quiet place hospital. The staff was respectful and the room was cleaned every day. Near of the hotel were a lot of supermarket, in front of the hotel was a...”"\n  - name: "Dzanko"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Room, bathroom, waiters, food, room clean service and location”"\n  - name: "Efka_12"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice, clean, modern rooms. The reception can be reached by whattsup.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piazza-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on providing a comprehensive array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From the moment of arrival, visitors are greeted with the convenience of complimentary private parking, ensuring a hassle-free start to their stay. The property boasts a welcoming terrace, an inviting restaurant, and a lively bar, setting the stage for relaxing evenings after a day of exploration.

Accommodations at Piazza Hotel JAKOVA are thoughtfully appointed to ensure maximum comfort and convenience. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a private balcony that offers captivating views of the cityscape. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, fresh bed linen, and towels, along with a handy fridge, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

The hotel's dedication to service is evident through its round-the-clock front desk, room service, and the availability of a currency exchange for international travelers. The added convenience of free WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected and share their experiences with ease.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local area, Piazza Hotel JAKOVA serves as an ideal base for engaging in a variety of activities. Whether it's hiking through scenic trails, fishing in serene waters, or snorkeling to discover underwater marvels, the hotel's proximity to natural attractions like Bora Bora Beach and Ksamil Beach enriches the stay of adventure seekers.

Situated a mere 92 km from Corfu International Airport, the hotel also offers a seamless connection for international travelers, making it a compelling choice for those venturing to Ksamil from afar.

In summary, Piazza Hotel JAKOVA distinguishes itself as a beacon of hospitality, where comfort meets convenience, and every stay is crafted to be memorable.