---\ntitle: "Pilo Lala Hotel"\ndescription: "Pilo Lala Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Lushnjë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412729018.jpg?k=581149da36aa4dc27a99a0a8595d01ad30bea794dcf6ef00626ec8ae83348d59&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pilo-lala-hotel\naddress: "Bulevardi Kryesore Perballe, bkt, Lushnje, 9000 Lushnjë, Albania"\ncity: "Lushnjë"\nlocation: "Lushnjë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.94328394\n  lng: 19.70448375\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 113\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412729018.jpg?k=581149da36aa4dc27a99a0a8595d01ad30bea794dcf6ef00626ec8ae83348d59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428222846.jpg?k=4ab4e0f096d31ff92e1a20218aba14e442cfb54461313e04866864b01598c36b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412555091.jpg?k=07f5b81587e0162edd49f4cf2e044cc0ff165cb6dfd755a5536e636e7256edde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415009051.jpg?k=6dcfe64b9e5b28f040ef8ce2c3ff34693d1a5b062a1dd437853c9381690036a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412728839.jpg?k=6a61c67cfd6cb846e68b34af0dc525e06b5b1366b91f0dc1d80f38ac4ef88c30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/417887729.jpg?k=468b5ff2e07ef110d59d20b147487b19184ad3c955e13fe2969a3e7b2b8e3f10&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Nga Nona 50 m"\n  - "Magic Pizza 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 150 m"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 51 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 90 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice young waiter who speaks English very good. Nice hotel with a very good air conditioner. The breakfast was a la carte and very tasty. The restaurant at the hotel has nice dishes.”"\n  - name: "Malte"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The staff was very friendly. The food in the restaurant and the breakfast were good. The room was newly renovated. It was no problem leaving my bicycle inside.”"\n  - name: "Renek"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Very nice hotel.In the heart of the city.
Restaurant with nice food just downstairs and breakfast menu also very good one”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pilo-lala.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Pilo Lala Hotel are thoughtfully appointed to meet the needs of modern travelers. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, while the inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet and complimentary toiletries adds a touch of convenience. Select rooms further boast a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax. Storage needs are effortlessly met with the provision of a wardrobe in every unit.

Families will appreciate the hotel's children's playground, a feature that underscores Pilo Lala Hotel's appeal to guests of all ages. Additionally, the property caters to the needs of business travelers with its on-site business center and offers the added convenience of a hairdresser's, ensuring that guests look their best without having to leave the premises.

Located 43 km from the Rock of Kavaje and 78 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Pilo Lala Hotel presents an accessible retreat for those exploring the region or traveling through. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find Pilo Lala Hotel to be a welcoming base for their adventures in Lushnjë.