---\ntitle: "PIN Apartments"\ndescription: "PIN Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354431789.jpg?k=a2b7c19605a138b869935d29cbc5f304017e01619f1c15765257a3129e2ec90f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pin-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Duri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32911605\n  lng: 19.81252453\nprice: "US$74"\npriceFrom: 74\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 224\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354431789.jpg?k=a2b7c19605a138b869935d29cbc5f304017e01619f1c15765257a3129e2ec90f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346865834.jpg?k=0be46a5173827fe4d6e187e7c18632e01ec06a547c927410eefb59e95daaed38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346865668.jpg?k=4aa07ef2bdcba2aca2098c1d6eb7e33c003570c8201960dab506eace032f33d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407061174.jpg?k=4cdbf1d6335bca9537a3dc7ba3695db24e408ce4cd0a2c9169e8e1366fec679f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346865795.jpg?k=7b03c9a1502aee92bbb413de8e11fd5805c278998f688b3531978c2e28f5e344&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346864828.jpg?k=8b8e3783b06fd14359786e9f82a091c4dec27c248cca64ff7e90af26713ae09e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/346868512.jpg?k=0d9e8256763c9508337c1e9c2c9448b7a3ec906d5fc9563e786d75205c165830&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407060841.jpg?k=8399b1151f5f092fe2300f51bdb2d51b6dcc6ab6f4c0c23569b2b3b46d5c6d21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407060818.jpg?k=c1347bd3d4a6ad5aa615c802d93ea6ba1cd427fae850760fff705c25f87fe29d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "3 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rukas Caffé 8 m"\n  - "Kodrina & Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ella"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“It’s a spacious apartment in a good location, very clean & well looked after. The manager is communicative & very helpful, available for any queries & good with instructions.”"\n  - name: "Rhondda"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“very comfortable apartment- great location and had a good washing machine. Our host was very helpful”"\n  - name: "Roberto"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Brand new and very clean apartment equipped with all comforts located 500 meters from Scanderbeg Square. The owner Genti, a very helpful person, was full of thoughtfulness and useful information. Absolutely recommendable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pin-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its comprehensive amenities, designed to cater to the needs of every guest. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for those evenings in. The inclusion of a fully furnished kitchen, dining area, and private bathroom with thoughtful touches like slippers, a bidet, and a hair dryer, underscores PIN Apartments' commitment to a home-away-from-home experience. Moreover, the provision of an oven, microwave, fridge, and kettle in each unit, along with essential bed linen and towels, adds to the convenience factor.

Dining at PIN Apartments is an experience in itself, with the family-friendly restaurant serving an array of delectable Greek cuisine for dinner, lunch, and high tea. This, coupled with the availability of babysitting services, makes the property a hit among families traveling with children.

The allure of PIN Apartments is further enhanced by its serene outdoor terrace, offering picturesque garden views that promise a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life. For those arriving by car, the availability of private parking on-site is a welcome feature, ensuring peace of mind throughout their stay.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, each contributing to the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural and historical landscape. For guests looking to explore beyond the city, the property's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, and the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service, ensure seamless travel arrangements.

In summary, PIN Apartments stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, blending essential amenities with strategic location to offer an unparalleled stay in Tirana.