---\ntitle: "Pine-Tree Spacious 2 BDR Apartment near Tanners' Bridge with hot tub"\ndescription: "Pine-Tree Spacious 2 BDR Apartment near Tanners' Bridge emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492733775.jpg?k=d141d8dfc532e523d6f45048f68ab4ece42efc14a94d2b1ed8a94a8a28348059&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pine-tree-spacious-2-bdr-apartment-near-tanners-bridge-with-hot-tub\naddress: "15 Bulevardi Zhan D'Ark, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32673328\n  lng: 19.8265171\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492733775.jpg?k=d141d8dfc532e523d6f45048f68ab4ece42efc14a94d2b1ed8a94a8a28348059&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492557796.jpg?k=70be1cd5e5b9ea6942d315002f0157f30428c2214e6fc8a71342e80b53a795f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492735371.jpg?k=14245afe2f51e312a27295a10628f0a6aa6299aadc3d6f6af0d63e4117c095cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492559976.jpg?k=00b577974230a4c0079e274b262697df6ee3f27f5cf52858bc054deb73736e8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492734595.jpg?k=1f42860b93683eb7ee06a919b2daa032e5606819e6f1ec25d1b87d4697e4bfdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492559902.jpg?k=51ec7c3d71978564b919a89af165a3bcd18795e5c0707b9f225451021b9d7931&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492734241.jpg?k=2fc53e27f642f262cb5030c971877820d86de464031db3944177a48f82cf9756&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492736432.jpg?k=d378a56c8f386e8eb8b4aba9253185180e2e6e6b887c9838ef78c11839b10b70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492736533.jpg?k=1de96a0b023673bdb3b1d6df0fb67868abd86b4967ae6ef2bd389f0d9dda7c53&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Vasili-2 Tiranë 20 m"\n  - "Vila Frasheri 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irfan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Appartment is really big and spacious. Excellent amount of natural light. Bedrooms are comfy and the views from the balcony are beautiful. Location is very central so could be a little busy. But it was very comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja . Duży apartament z pięknym widokiem na góry .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pine-tree-luxury-2-bdr-apartment-near-tanners-bridge.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment is not just about its prime location; it's a haven of comfort with air conditioning, ensuring a pleasant stay regardless of the weather outside. The convenience of private parking adds to the appeal, especially for those exploring the area by car. A notable highlight is the free WiFi that blankets the entire property, allowing guests to stay connected effortlessly.

The interior of Pine-Tree Spacious 2 BDR Apartment is designed to impress. Guests are greeted with a generously sized living space that opens to a balcony offering breathtaking mountain views. The apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, a living room that invites relaxation with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each featuring a luxurious hot tub, elevates the comfort level, providing a perfect setting for unwinding after a day of exploration. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Outdoor dining options add a charming touch, allowing guests to enjoy meals amidst the tranquil surroundings. The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre makes it an ideal base for those keen to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property is a welcome feature, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the accommodation.

In summary, Pine-Tree Spacious 2 BDR Apartment near Tanners' Bridge stands as a testament to luxurious comfort and strategic location, making it a top recommendation for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.