---\ntitle: "Pine Apartment Tirana"\ndescription: "Pine Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022351.jpg?k=ff1084e1d29cf1b90d99225889e18e8d4a8a26c847cffe6ab7e443f3ae36a1de&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pine-apartment-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Sandër Prosi 4th floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32923078\n  lng: 19.80347561\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022351.jpg?k=ff1084e1d29cf1b90d99225889e18e8d4a8a26c847cffe6ab7e443f3ae36a1de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022348.jpg?k=c3f1993f9dcf491ad60714f7cb8df3cba389fb320fb162734e5a2ddec1682aae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022371.jpg?k=f24da8d064ce04f2a911de9b95b32b8f07d9ffa804a544606b10bcb7580b2c2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022372.jpg?k=0814438ee721e2f2eea0a315f4112fb0060d525bd2b3887b97869b7cf420daef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022359.jpg?k=0626d7173b182c5fa4bfab2e9ee64b5c7f2dfa07e6f408030ad541ce6f4ee38a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490028074.jpg?k=4dbcded522475fa45f8072f07270c26f301595a27d6578e5673cc89bd1661b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022347.jpg?k=65850c8e572de5b7145cc50efb6928bb0d4f01d627ad5fef257adfe089c710de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490022345.jpg?k=66cdfd07ad72904a158db40e7c8c3549903324ba946443c4228a29890496ae80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494661855.jpg?k=e1fd2fc403fa7f74a6921111714704eeb912d6ccc93a18d5fc65265c1c31c012&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kingston 20 m"\n  - "Mexigal 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eleonora"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was very comfortable, with a great location and spacious rooms , well designed and spotless.
Everything thoroughly was cleaned and tidy.
It was a very pleasant stay for us at a reasonable price. Also, the host was very nice and...”"\n  - name: "Karen"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Very cute and comfortable 2 bedroom apartment near shopping, restaurants. Short drive to many attractions.”"\n  - name: "Emiljo"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Todo es hermoso en este apartamento. cerca de todo. Franc también nos llevó desde el aeropuerto. no tienes de que quejarte.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pine-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and tranquility, boasting 2 well-appointed bedrooms, a modern bathroom, and comprehensive amenities including bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a dining area. The fully equipped kitchen caters to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the terrace offers serene garden views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay for all guests.

For added convenience, Pine Apartment Tirana provides airport transfer services and the option for car rental, making travel arrangements seamless for its guests. Additionally, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds an extra layer of ease for everyday needs.

Cultural enthusiasts and leisure travelers alike will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 13 km away, Pine Apartment Tirana stands out as an accessible and inviting option for both short and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.