---\ntitle: "Pineta 572"\ndescription: "Pineta 572 emerges as a prime beachfront gem in Durrës, mere steps away from the inviting sands of Durres Beach and within a comfortable distance of 37 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434441112.jpg?k=09e71e6cc8dd0eeeaff40a433d3ce8d47c01a5cf1b5181636b12fb8a5fcdb6b8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pineta-572\naddress: "8F7C+PXV, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31457919\n  lng: 19.4717138\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.7\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 7.7\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 6.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434441112.jpg?k=09e71e6cc8dd0eeeaff40a433d3ce8d47c01a5cf1b5181636b12fb8a5fcdb6b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434311979.jpg?k=b66043a5de63aa807ac1c23c8ed2cbd91d8a6d3ed1a36fd05e1e44b1467d7cc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433963282.jpg?k=71f13a010bbebd979eb9bd9b3922c1b0b7d4d309a084b6a7efdb22d7af09bac9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434311974.jpg?k=5a212b249fd9d8a94d242ed83e3cc4e96bd50128d3fa5ff746cb705264162084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434311897.jpg?k=984599a9379db830e6d8e235f24098e82b339263f8c3f9b22072085d76389fa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433963171.jpg?k=dfc2f8e43fa8d3b65d68efd1e1316c5f9db8d0b313cd52f64ce01701b0988be5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434311960.jpg?k=6034ca6d8a3fcc9f85057b26e5a618483e342cf0c9f597ab522373e4422daab5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433963236.jpg?k=a5b93c7b0c40c61b83c5bbd1041e958df8b119151e5b3b9c76ff2f2d3510d197&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434463277.jpg?k=f3fd3d94effd4bf3a9acd2420514602a4a338d01b50716073a745758839f530b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "On off 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Emros 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kormos"\n    country: "Macao"\n    text: "“Simon was really friendly, the apartment was big, comfortable for 4 guests. Had 3 A/C (though 1 was not working). There are 2 bathrooms.
The apartment is more designed for a family with 2-3 children but it was fine for 4 adults as well.
The flat...”"\n  - name: "Balázs"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Az apartman felszereltsége,tisztasága kiváló. Remek a kilátás a nappaliból a tengerre.
A foglalási fotók valóban tükrözik a valóságot.
Szuper apartman.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedroom-apartment-572.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that not only boasts a balcony with captivating sea views but also offers the comforts of home with its two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring that meal preparation is both convenient and enjoyable. The apartment features two bathrooms, complete with a bidet, and provides towels and bed linen for a hassle-free stay. Beyond the private quarters, the apartment offers picturesque city views, adding to the overall experience.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' everyday needs, ensuring that essentials are always within reach. Pineta 572 is strategically located, with the Rock of Kavaje just 7.9 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha at a distance of 37 km. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 31 km away, is a significant advantage, and the availability of a paid airport shuttle service by the property ensures seamless transitions to and from the airport.

Pineta 572 stands as a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty in Durrës.