---\ntitle: "Pink Holiday Sarande"\ndescription: "Pink Holiday Sarande emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419591842.jpg?k=ac281300e63859c7baa22ef63ed457f0d7c4142ac32af92cb9fa27fa9c02ed3e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pink-holiday-sarande\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87932952\n  lng: 19.98448233\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419591842.jpg?k=ac281300e63859c7baa22ef63ed457f0d7c4142ac32af92cb9fa27fa9c02ed3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420588813.jpg?k=4f3b0b7f2449a3728a667851f2a03d92eb951798ded2e7196272764672784a79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420587081.jpg?k=38f51d0dbdabf26a808324aeb1394a113fded560d60a574ff531140933f2dd64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420587057.jpg?k=37543592eb4e8790d2cfba6496d26de2b5b272f55f92b00955f789ce03365da5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420587100.jpg?k=c8da884b20e2d282a39d48bec71b697d779a499ca958b9baf42e9cdf14686729&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419591892.jpg?k=db026328c08f82d648063fae31a7f4e749da52fb4c487298da5f8c5832523a4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420583953.jpg?k=bbc1317d307320e6973dc3d99b5c0fb294fd3d4a56414a567b898cfb9cbf2a7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419591883.jpg?k=7cb042eeb53fbdcfdff610c16f24e02d867ac35bd9de902a0dbc7ccef3a69e2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419591887.jpg?k=308de8379a25e36c00e8dc60ca0d9ad0b68ac2fac86e45a102a7e0f03ee1ee3d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kozi Bistro 250 m"\n  - "Siro Beach 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 4.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Konieczna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very beautiful rooms! Was very, but very clean. The owner was very nice :) I recommed!”"\n  - name: "Ane"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The staff were really nice. They invited us to coffee a couple of times, today they brought us to the ferry on their car and were nice all along. The room was big, confy, it even had an iron and a table for ironing, a kitchen with a kettle and a...”"\n  - name: "خالد"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“جميل جدا المكان ونظيف وكان تعامل صاحبة المكان لطيف جدا معنا ومتعاونه بكل شي”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pink-holiday-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to breathtaking inner courtyard views from the privacy of their own balconies, a feature that enhances the serene atmosphere of the accommodation. The property boasts an array of modern conveniences designed to make each stay as comfortable as possible, including complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring guests remain connected during their stay.

Each unit within Pink Holiday Sarande is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with satellite channels, refrigerators, and kettles are standard in all accommodations, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where guests will find bidets and hair dryers for their convenience. For those seeking a little extra, select units offer terraces or patios, providing stunning views of the surrounding mountains or lush gardens.

The on-site coffee shop serves as a cozy nook for guests to enjoy their morning brew, while the minimarket caters to any last-minute needs or cravings. The outdoor fireplace invites guests to unwind and socialize, creating memorable evenings under the stars.

For those looking to explore beyond the comforts of Pink Holiday Sarande, Saranda City Beach is merely 2.9 km away, offering a vibrant beach scene. The historic Butrint National Park, located 19 km from the property, presents an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the rich cultural heritage of the area. With Ioannina Airport 99 km away, the journey to this enchanting retreat is a seamless experience.

In essence, Pink Holiday Sarande stands out as a sanctuary for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Sarandë. Its comprehensive amenities, coupled with its proximity to local attractions, make it an ideal base for exploring the beauty and charm of the region.