---\ntitle: "Piqeras Relax Guest House"\ndescription: "Piqeras Relax Guest House emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure, situated a mere 43 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park in Piqeras."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154272489.jpg?k=dccf2c667aecaa989575af6ca8d6099df4dd2e37446d979429e4b7539be2648f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: piqeras-relax-guest-house\naddress: "sh8 piqeras, 9715 Piqeras, Albania"\ncity: "Piqeras"\nlocation: "Piqeras"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.02141304\n  lng: 19.89083523\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 88\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154272489.jpg?k=dccf2c667aecaa989575af6ca8d6099df4dd2e37446d979429e4b7539be2648f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386368247.jpg?k=edcc6f01cf673de79b70751161d228b63e70569e055323b391f9c48abdeb8300&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153660105.jpg?k=583a57abd41367aaed9b29cd73970977e5f207994a9cc1a21943df44abaa557d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153374961.jpg?k=227e24db81769f04635279c2ab489a012df6f0fe250258ab1ee26a30d7f3e992&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517980837.jpg?k=c87d0d0cd240ca81f88207b3ac38b494c23b911a0c4fbe4c624062177dfdfb25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517980507.jpg?k=8343cae6de526e981aefe604d3b2f3eeeac595af9a2380c8e887b5384dac01e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517980688.jpg?k=1a91507ef13a19b4c6a2523901e3a0098e5f560153f1a05ed505bf0473111725&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153379619.jpg?k=879250521500de2551fad77f24006ba8b0880b33125636d97ee9fcd6176819f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386371980.jpg?k=ba3f1e58cfe7dcea6cdef421d28e1eca40d053975abb4f8f4e671f1c7954248d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (97 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Panorama 150 m"\n  - "Bar Bitri 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Buneci Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Borsh Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Lukova Beach 6 km"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Gorgeous terrace for communal use any time of the day - very quiet and relaxing place. But there is not much at Piqeras so you need a car.”"\n  - name: "Hannah"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The roof terrace and the garden are just stunning. I saw nothing comparing to that along the Albanian coast”"\n  - name: "Lina"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice shared terras to sit and relax, read or play games. It has a beautiful view! Small kitchen to make your own diner. Very lovely host! Close to the beach, easy reachable by car. Would recommend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-alikaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Piqeras Relax Guest House are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring cozy seating areas for relaxation. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with walk-in showers and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of convenience to your stay. Free WiFi is available throughout, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony. To ensure a restful night's sleep, each unit is furnished with quality bed linen and towels.

Culinary delights await guests each morning, with a choice of à la carte and continental breakfast options. Local specialties, pancakes, and fresh fruits are on the menu, promising a delightful start to the day. For snacks and essentials, a snack bar and a minimarket are readily available on-site.

Adventure and leisure seamlessly blend at Piqeras Relax Guest House, offering a range of activities from snorkeling, cycling, to fishing in the surrounding areas of Piqeras. Families will appreciate the children's playground and picnic area, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages.

Situated 120 km from Ioannina Airport, the guest house facilitates travel arrangements with a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition to and from the property. Piqeras Relax Guest House stands out as a premier choice for travelers looking for a tranquil retreat with easy access to outdoor adventures and local culture.