---\ntitle: "Pirro Luxury Apartment"\ndescription: "Pirro Luxury Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413795853.jpg?k=5f3758b56712e0a2b35117ea71b45dba072366195034e376aeba8cc8461f8097&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pirro-luxury-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti near Shabani bar, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87758047\n  lng: 20.00834766\nprice: "US$148"\npriceFrom: 148\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413795853.jpg?k=5f3758b56712e0a2b35117ea71b45dba072366195034e376aeba8cc8461f8097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379155154.jpg?k=6d5be37aca369b8a0ec152f23db20d1e0328287ea93206f1755a261264462601&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481651313.jpg?k=1e259d9d7d173ce15d634f9cf391f590c6646ff50ec29218c8c714592fb23807&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379155103.jpg?k=5710e8136bc9839ae0ad657f62465cf08afcf756f83c13476aa18b08a5fbe5ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413795843.jpg?k=7c505862c5b8d08fd41022f194ac85b42fb3419e1e512d89a74738afc9ccfeac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432854507.jpg?k=1fa26716af5fb66d29bffe48e4cdf00e4f6b937661f27ab2e9e845e3425ff704&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432854428.jpg?k=a87d14aa32131ef3dc19512798789b64803a165dccb8b538eb85f5fe2cf5de5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379155170.jpg?k=290dc911a0f1e18278aa9ea04022b7deb58973283db53daad2ad0a5618b0df05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/379155063.jpg?k=8ae32009bfd1d7d97ae69d0c913aaa257afd42772777b0dd3b39d283a71c58be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maliq coffee shop 200 m"\n  - "Zum Cafe 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 450 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grunert"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“This apartment was our 'refuge' that we requested spontaneously because our primarly booked apartment was not ready for accomodating guests, when we arrived. We were really glad that the host of this apartment responded within minutes and...”"\n  - name: "Åse"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Amazing apartment with a breathtaking view in a great location! The host was very flexible and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo dobrze wyposażony apartament, czysty i funkcjonalny.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pirro-luxury-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nWith its prime location, just 1.4 km from both La Petite Beach and Sarande Main Beach, and a mere 17 km from the historic Butrint National Park, Pirro Luxury Apartment is the perfect base for explorers eager to uncover the natural and cultural treasures of the area. The convenience of Ioannina Airport being only 97 km away adds to the seamless experience for international guests.

The apartment itself is a masterpiece of design and functionality, boasting three generously sized bedrooms and two well-appointed bathrooms, ensuring ample space and privacy for all guests. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services speaks to the thoughtful touches that make a stay here truly comfortable. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to prepare and enjoy meals with a view, thanks to the stunning terrace that offers panoramic views of the city and sea beyond.

For those who relish the outdoors, the apartment doesn't disappoint. A dedicated picnic area and barbecue facilities are available, perfect for al fresco dining or simply soaking up the sun. The added benefits of free WiFi, private parking, a lift, and a shared kitchen underscore the property's commitment to guest convenience. Moreover, the soundproofing and private entrance ensure that privacy and tranquility are never compromised.

Pirro Luxury Apartment is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the enchantment of Sarandë in unparalleled comfort and style.