---\ntitle: "Plazh 682"\ndescription: "Plazh 682 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431221980.jpg?k=876608397dcbbe11b6688149717a1ff55c2b0c75ab3ad08263eafe0d4d5454d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: plazh-682\naddress: "8F5P+9CQ Divino,3rd floor with elevator, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30852419\n  lng: 19.48616284\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 7.1\n  staff: 7.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431221980.jpg?k=876608397dcbbe11b6688149717a1ff55c2b0c75ab3ad08263eafe0d4d5454d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222425.jpg?k=d9cc58e2c3e30d68258bf9893d6b015632a60cb05875381b909b3f034206aedc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222092.jpg?k=fe4ac4f5c61839298c1da13905edc33f199a8f0f5e214c8d8a4c39cb60d4b60e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222463.jpg?k=b8c2234488ead99762e6362e26350d85a2870e4746b836d39c2061513eabc341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222143.jpg?k=90810333fd6eae6a299bfb7c21ff54ef0b36d1f92b5fe638f00de06029642168&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222191.jpg?k=43d58c57b542b85a059a3dfcd4ddb78286fbe476ee41ee16eb64f1f7e537d1ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222077.jpg?k=74e62b6092068b0a872c372a54b7f8a1d87aeef07edc93c61314dcf1ae253b5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222452.jpg?k=2436383f3a89ca9089c01ff5ae56af3f4e57280071cb732d8d4729276528abc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431222385.jpg?k=ea79c305e1774144909195fe21fb52071ce711256e869ec4a1e2dccb46863b1c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Divino 20 m"\n  - "Fast Food Torra 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Un bell’appartamento molto spazioso che si affaccia sul mare di Durazzo, spiaggia letteralmente a due passi dalla casa. Vista mare bellissima.”"\n  - name: "Magdalena"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bliskość plaży, z okna widok na morze, cudowne położenie apartamentu tuż przy deptaku, wygodne łóżka, zadbane miejsce”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/1-bedroom-apartment-682.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem provides guests with the luxury of stepping out directly onto the balcony to soak in the coastal ambiance, thanks to its thoughtful design. The provision of free WiFi and air conditioning ensures that guests enjoy modern comforts seamlessly blended with the natural beauty of the surroundings. For those looking to explore the area or needing assistance with travel arrangements, Plazh 682 facilitates both airport transfers and car rental services, making it a hassle-free option for every traveler.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a bathroom that caters to all the essentials. Entertainment is also taken care of with the availability of a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. Importantly, the accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, promoting a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily access basic necessities without having to venture far. Those interested in exploring beyond the beach will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 42 km away, offering an adventurous escape to stunning heights, while the Rock of Kavaje, just 6.5 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for a closer exploration of the area's natural beauty. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 32 km away, makes Plazh 682 an ideal choice for both international visitors and locals looking for a seaside escape.

In summary, Plazh 682 stands as a testament to the perfect marriage of location, convenience, and comfort, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone visiting Durrës.