---\ntitle: "Pleasing Place with free parking on site in Tirana Komuna e Parisit"\ndescription: "Pleasing Place emerges as a recently updated gem in the heart of Tirana's Komuna e Parisit, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446085142.jpg?k=11fdcecb99451fbd27954a45e8035a6742a13c15bbf8cb2e23e454738ea0feba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pleasing-place-with-free-parking-on-site-in-tirana-komuna-e-parisit\naddress: "Rruga Komuna e Parisit, 1020 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31613611\n  lng: 19.80543799\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 82\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446085142.jpg?k=11fdcecb99451fbd27954a45e8035a6742a13c15bbf8cb2e23e454738ea0feba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446085182.jpg?k=e1d95b2d8f35049788715a4b9b38d6d40923a3c673a7cfc464d9d2348f20d57f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455047983.jpg?k=b83da1560736a997425486d382255946befa004d896e43bed3a0414081ca05dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455047857.jpg?k=190d1d3c2e9cf59dbb4e10d17d8e1f2ed24b893c47fb9ea6276fbb509bead1da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399764034.jpg?k=ef41c844baa3dc823496d39a0bf756fb797c33e6801e33e88d3b4c4b4b18425a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444999299.jpg?k=a5a90826013167e89d02bb69deecf9513e2b3ebc396ce561212418fcc642197e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400257653.jpg?k=9f929ea66bf105575153f62b0d4496366ce6aa055231705538eb9a38b4e104f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399190703.jpg?k=763c6834b6f8ec8e37028e0c6eb4ab995a7c0221ef098ac335709ed16657430f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/399768100.jpg?k=75de5c85897a79dae607f9ccfc3c697563d870435f22e1d7bc3501ad1f39d85a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (95 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shanti Lounge 30 m"\n  - "Honey Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petrit"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment in good neighbourhood, which close to the best places in Tirana. I was back in this apartment after a year and still is in the good condition.”"\n  - name: "Domagoj"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect for my family, it was clean and had all the necessary equipment that you might need. It is located in the centre, everything is close and you can get to where you want by feet.Also, I have to say that the owner was very...”"\n  - name: "Troy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great apartment, very comfortable and a lovely neighbourhood. Our host was very kind and accommodating and quickly bought a few extra kitchen items we asked for. We would stay here again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pleasing-place.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a balcony that offers captivating views of the city. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, ensures that visitors have everything they need to feel at home. The convenience of a bidet in the bathroom, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For those who appreciate attention to detail, the additional in-room amenities, such as fruits, are a delightful surprise.

The property boasts several facilities that enhance the guest experience. The availability of free private parking is a boon for travelers arriving by car, while the 24-hour front desk ensures assistance is always at hand. The commitment to a non-smoking environment guarantees a pleasant and healthy stay for all guests. For those looking to explore the city at their own pace, the car rental service available on-site is a convenient option.

Surrounding Pleasing Place, guests will find a variety of attractions that cater to diverse interests. From the architectural marvel of the Pyramid of Tirana to the serene greenery of Rinia Park and the innovative Reja - The Cloud installation, there's no shortage of sights to explore. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, makes this apartment an excellent choice for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Pleasing Place with free parking on site in Tirana Komuna e Parisit is not just an accommodation but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and history of Tirana. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, it stands as a top recommendation for travelers seeking a memorable stay in the Albanian capital.