---\ntitle: "Pools Apartment"\ndescription: "Pools Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111092.jpg?k=8a1ec6522fedd90843a92b1abb02a1679b070adea903e96d07f7e15416ba2fa3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pools-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Guri Nazifi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87199901\n  lng: 19.9934859\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111092.jpg?k=8a1ec6522fedd90843a92b1abb02a1679b070adea903e96d07f7e15416ba2fa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111169.jpg?k=c03a59dc8b08257ebba51e7d323378476f8e3fef80ae94b397212c967289dc91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461694065.jpg?k=e200a97eb132936fd1abbee5df967ce945168f23b1ff35ee788549405e996b96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111183.jpg?k=a958e64535f382a5d4668655d3d2b31e6cc503f511aaec31efb4a35668e24d32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111186.jpg?k=3ff648786544b7c2e56be716eec3ecb5d1c86bc38831197abb68c635e24ccd1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461694121.jpg?k=ed565e8cd2f822463eebdc9daa3270b4b13bfa8d778ea1e4c3d982116263b779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461694063.jpg?k=6bfcc89cd0b228f0ec288842e566284cd621be59b995ce4b44832da6853a17fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111178.jpg?k=7d3e715326374702d454477621e5774f15788c3555c583de6683d4091c2dc240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386111163.jpg?k=39def53279659e1a91fa75ca8e1b136c3314d686f3ee73c0559042904f351ef3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 30 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Caspar"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Modern, clean. very comfortable. Great location, only a few steps to the beach, close to the city centre and riviera.”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful modern apartment. Hot water and warm air conditioning. Comfortable bed..”"\n  - name: "Steny1"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Nice, new and clean apartment with beach just behind the building. Wifi was Ok, comfy bed and big plus is hot/cold air con in both rooms. Owner was helpful on whatsapp but was not there, only some person who takes care of, but smooth check in and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pools-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is a haven of peace, boasting a balcony that presents breathtaking mountain views. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment features a cozy bedroom, a spacious living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with an oven and a toaster, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the bathroom comes with a bidet, ensuring a comfortable stay. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, and the property prides itself on being non-smoking throughout.

Guests will also appreciate the apartment's thoughtful amenities, including a lift for easy access. Moreover, the stunning city views from the property add to the overall experience, making it an ideal spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the local atmosphere.

For those interested in exploring the natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is within a manageable distance, located 18 km from the apartment. Additionally, for travelers coming from afar, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, situated 98 km away, making Pools Apartment a convenient option for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Pools Apartment stands out as a top selection for guests who value both the vibrancy of Sarandë and the tranquility of a comfortable, well-appointed living space.