---\ntitle: "Porta Kavalja"\ndescription: "Porta Kavalja emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem, just a stone's throw away from the serene Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200656549.jpg?k=85a288077169fea4a4807ef7e8ecf6df00962ca71adf8ce93ebca731a776bb55&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: porta-kavalja\naddress: "Bulevardi Pishave Golem, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25234119\n  lng: 19.52098892\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 7.9\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 7.2\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200656549.jpg?k=85a288077169fea4a4807ef7e8ecf6df00962ca71adf8ce93ebca731a776bb55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262157868.jpg?k=dc238c1f4354753fc5a4831d9483be31754b8b06954a60e320e04f31bd4b8e60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262159513.jpg?k=7324cde21c17fe607a3980c1a23b32263d5ef7ce1d109308a13593116db45809&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/202988624.jpg?k=05caba2c8f72f43acb849463c44914af19fddda8a6a3040d332984783a32b629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262153340.jpg?k=7516a3d615ad7a5d87bcb51bbe7c59da950f45d019e4249b58b6d348903593e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262162064.jpg?k=984849c31e054b0744fdf80ba85b89f16847983365042db22336263758096720&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200657133.jpg?k=93f137f44b6397256abc0bb742609808dc509dd019efccf4d5b8b6112c9ac29c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200657392.jpg?k=9b5fa15fc0169e09e6418ab92298bd88a127cf09198d0cd579f13870b97b2f6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262156191.jpg?k=eb7d08d018001cef2b1775fbf5770313dbe1cfb2bafdaf0316ce52ffe90bf000&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Pool View"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Presidential Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kristi 20 m"\n  - "al&Ri 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 50 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 500 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vanessa"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“A very nice hotel, with friendly staff who could even organise a dinner on the beach for my fiance and I! Would stay there again anytime.”"\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“Very good staff and very flexible manager, the location and the services are great, will comeback for sure”"\n  - name: "Elvir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Outstanding! Warm recommendations, and the staff and service are excellent!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/porta-kavalja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on a range of facilities designed to enhance the guest experience, including a restaurant that caters to diverse palates, a vibrant kids' club to keep the little ones entertained, and a 24-hour front desk ensuring assistance is always at hand. Connectivity is never an issue, with free WiFi available throughout the premises, and a bar where guests can relax with a drink.

Accommodations at Porta Kavalja are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet and hairdryer, alongside a minibar, adds to the convenience. Select rooms also feature a seating area, providing extra space for relaxation.

For those looking to indulge in a bit of luxury, the hotel's hot tub offers the perfect escape. 

The hotel's location is ideal for beach enthusiasts, with Mali I Robit Beach just a leisurely walk away, and the picturesque Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach within easy reach. For travelers flying in or out, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 41 km away, makes Porta Kavalja an excellent gateway to exploring the beauty of Golem and beyond.