---\ntitle: "Porto Eda Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Porto Eda Hotel, a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience by the sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460126695.jpg?k=4e6b574d44cfe75b5910acfb60c9264972d5f38f70895bee7d34efdcadee0ed2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: porto-eda-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Skenderbej, Te Limani, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87409477\n  lng: 20.00854213\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 445\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460126695.jpg?k=4e6b574d44cfe75b5910acfb60c9264972d5f38f70895bee7d34efdcadee0ed2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461707904.jpg?k=0d61a47e667c7816327e694cdae619c2d55aef9fa30c8753b42cf4b706233682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461707894.jpg?k=7b5990fdad34608af80df53fb8f337856c7e7cac45e90eb1adbbe49445f4ec29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460128183.jpg?k=82fd3303042f3ae3883792a82067f96fdd7d36e88257ee08a433980ef052cd46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460127258.jpg?k=1f527b928390b2fe845b9be6e33c12474eee72691d141d9b3db51cd5b7013379&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460128580.jpg?k=a4bea172f10961fff8214238a142ba9f2dec6b9133fdf7efd9e47e9647a3414f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Porto Eda Rooftop 20 m"\n  - "Taverna E Shefit 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 100 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 800 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Danloy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is next to the beach , good view 10/10. Everything you need is just on the same street.we even got early check in ..”"\n  - name: "Adhly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location was really good and has got a nice balcony”"\n  - name: "Jacqueline"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It couldn’t be in a better location, it’s right on the walkway with numerous restaurants and bars and little shops. Comfortable, basic, ok breakfast”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/porto-eda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Porto Eda Hotel is a haven of comfort, offering air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, and an LCD TV. The added luxury of a balcony with sea views transforms your stay into a serene retreat. The thoughtful design extends beyond the rooms, with a common seating area on each floor where guests can unwind, and additional cozy sofas near the reception.

Mornings at Porto Eda are greeted with a continental buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For dining options, you don't have to venture far. Directly across the street, a restaurant serves up delicious Greek cuisine and pizza, with numerous other dining and bar options nearby to satisfy any craving.

Adventure seekers and leisure travelers alike will appreciate the variety of activities accessible from the hotel. Local boat owners by the docks offer picnics and boat transfers, inviting guests to explore the surrounding waters. A beach volleyball court and a gym are also conveniently located within a short walk for those looking to stay active.

Porto Eda's accessibility is unmatched, with the Main Bus Station only 60 meters away and the ferry terminal within a 200-meter distance, making it an ideal base for exploring the area.

In summary, Porto Eda Hotel combines the ease of access to local attractions and activities with the comforts and amenities of a seaside retreat, making it a compelling choice for travelers to this vibrant area.