---\ntitle: "Portafortuna Apartments"\ndescription: "Portafortuna Apartments stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the convenience of self-catering accommodations, coupled with the serene backdrop of Disco Mango Beach in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304890162.jpg?k=bb2eff1ce59c97566e4818fcd526e7ca618817e25c5f25e82416867d4793440b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: portafortuna-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Sarandë - Ksamil, Km 3, 1001 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8536405\n  lng: 20.02199292\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 181\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304890162.jpg?k=bb2eff1ce59c97566e4818fcd526e7ca618817e25c5f25e82416867d4793440b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304887965.jpg?k=c3b2adae7589e9897651478526c79c88d7c9b04310d8fc57297d05b2740b3141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311945261.jpg?k=2284ac0d9f3d926f569cf6057242c9b521785bc3ddb6522735e92d629a965eee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305453012.jpg?k=045a7d30fdfbf140040ed44939a1d83edc3a5abbf529013b41575a9fb908b0fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304890881.jpg?k=fc93d65113425ab562304e79cd502593349266fc8c0d43e41c33738b14be0f28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304884248.jpg?k=a85b957a11c1c37a5e605e464b2affa1c8e46a3892cf286c5c6571b74e20a243&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311942217.jpg?k=285d95d59a1087d39c45457364c9e099caea5c8bc75a6a74829eaf40027a04ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304889964.jpg?k=b70ac9bca2eea9ac6a6f10b4602a7351d7d27cc3dcbeab576635d49c43548a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304883733.jpg?k=81a7baf104a560fa69f36b46e1c3deaac8cabb7fd54deb6b109332aa8147c5a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Day & Night Fast Food 40 m"\n  - "La Cueva 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 500 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 500 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 650 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mahmood"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“View was fantastic near the beach 3-5min walking near by resturent Atm and supermarket, Keli in reception was super supporting”"\n  - name: "Suvethinie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“We really loved our stay here. The master bedroom was huge and beautiful ! And the view was amazing from the balcony ! But the best part was the personal who were really great with us.
I wanted to give a special thanks to Arkel the receptionist,...”"\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The staff was extremely kind and cordial. They are always available and willing to meet The apartment is clean, beautiful and tidy because they constantly change the bed linen and towels. I would come back here again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/portafortuna-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within Portafortuna is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. The living area, anchored by a sleek flat-screen satellite TV, invites guests to unwind in style. The convenience of an equipped kitchenette and a dining table ensures that meals can be prepared and enjoyed with ease. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where guests are treated to a refreshing shower experience, complemented by complimentary toiletries.

Beyond the confines of its apartments, Portafortuna enhances the guest experience with an on-site restaurant and bar, perfect for those evenings when local cuisine calls. For everyday essentials, a grocery shop is just a short stroll away. Adventure seekers will find Butrint National Park, located 10 km from the property, an irresistible draw with its rich tapestry of history and nature.

Connectivity is a breeze, with the Ferry Port offering lines to Corfu just 3 km away, and Corfu Airport within a manageable distance of 38 km. The convenience of free private parking on-site is the cherry on top for travelers arriving by car.

In summary, Portafortuna Apartments emerges as a compelling choice for those in pursuit of a blend of self-sufficiency, comfort, and accessibility, all set against the picturesque backdrop of Sarandë's coastal charm.