---\ntitle: "Posh villa 1"\ndescription: "Posh Villa 1 emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, located just steps from the pristine Spille Beach and a short drive from the iconic Rock of Kavaje."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477249885.jpg?k=e43d9b8d63396dcdaba805b96c7922261807a50341af6c1096bb1c46cfb1c0ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: posh-villa-1\naddress: "spille, 2001 Kavajë, Albania"\ncity: "Kavajë"\nlocation: "Kavajë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.10518986\n  lng: 19.45735158\nprice: "US$145"\npriceFrom: 145\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477249885.jpg?k=e43d9b8d63396dcdaba805b96c7922261807a50341af6c1096bb1c46cfb1c0ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477246116.jpg?k=425aff0eb7415f1fa5955d16142f617c9ac4d337fe9a1846fc3c9e4928f8be06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477249202.jpg?k=de85c34cf723e6ca9d15c0cb9acaba833bc51fd097e3ca6572dc73d151d95751&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384146456.jpg?k=b8fec5e855ed7f1915c3002d9e4dd741982c129cb0fae2339e3a1bb44a3d65b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477246209.jpg?k=784f11496e92dd7acb87095374d018aa230cfdc100e557b6c39ec1919e241c65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477249340.jpg?k=df24071337b36f66ca4b30caa407953fccdc67d8e65c68cc6c4b1d02e0a1dd94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384147474.jpg?k=7101cf47b325f3588e8aa2652d69d4a2300549fa9bfe343d2bad311595b1c7fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374982257.jpg?k=d293d69843f1b3cb2d856ab973a4b4e926ccf2808b8000e85d903dde6a8bbd8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477250621.jpg?k=a4dbaca10b481abbd41d70c0a37776b1bb59b667a494af9b8656b36507c69606&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (143 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posh Beach 100 m"\n  - "Grill House Kalaja 7 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 0 m"\n  - "General Beach 2.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 39 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gareth"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“well equipped, lots of space, helpful staff, short walk to the beach, nice restaurant”"\n  - name: "Heike"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“A dreamy place worth it! We were there in early september and loved it. Quiet clean beach: Great for swims, long walks and recharge. Perfect place for a get away... and still close enough to places to explore if beach weather is not perfect.
We...”"\n  - name: "Carmen"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das Häuschen steht nahe des Strandes (max.300 m) und vom Balkon hat man einen tollen Blick. Das Haus hat eine moderne Ausstattung und 2 Bäder. Die Betten waren sehr bequem und es war alles sehr sauber. Die Besitzer sind wirklich sehr bemüht und...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-view-private-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a welcoming 24-hour front desk, ensuring a smooth check-in process regardless of their arrival time. The villa itself is a haven of luxury, featuring two elegantly appointed bedrooms, a spacious living room, and a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the option to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area adds a touch of romance to the experience, with the mountainous backdrop providing a picturesque setting.

For those who prefer not to cook, the villa's family-friendly restaurant is a culinary delight, serving a variety of Italian dishes for lunch, dinner, and cocktails. Additionally, the proximity of Posh Villa 1 to other dining establishments ensures that guests have a plethora of options to satisfy their palates.

Families will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a children's playground, making it an ideal choice for those traveling with little ones. Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find no shortage of activities to engage in, from diving and fishing to hiking, all of which can be followed by relaxation in the villa's tranquil garden or the cozy shared lounge area.

Located 45 km from the historic Durres Amphitheatre and 69 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Posh Villa 1 is not only accessible but stands as a gateway to exploring the rich cultural heritage and natural beauty of the region. With its combination of modern comforts, exceptional service, and a prime location, this villa promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.