---\ntitle: "Posh Villas"\ndescription: "Posh Villas emerges as a premier destination for those seeking an exceptional stay along the pristine shores of Spille Beach in Rrogozhinë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483297315.jpg?k=2e86fffb038de7f7ed6e518bc2f8c615ab0e783d91372c5a3d4498d279c4c59a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: posh-villas\naddress: "spille, Rrogozhinë, Albania"\ncity: "Rrogozhinë"\nlocation: "Rrogozhinë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.10519136\n  lng: 19.45735268\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483297315.jpg?k=2e86fffb038de7f7ed6e518bc2f8c615ab0e783d91372c5a3d4498d279c4c59a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483298224.jpg?k=024e289baad5ff41cae914f88d0e27d88271652a3a085bbb846ea0bea5ac306e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483299195.jpg?k=a2eed7755fb06e826639d08f322d8978fec5e88fd81ac884b1935f48f651ed8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483514266.jpg?k=7a479e77ee7edcbd94fad6ed19a71fcc96dd29a048ad0bdc9c9955268e34666e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483514291.jpg?k=74ce4f3f1dccbf2b00ac3e3b8f07767939f8a4cd5f0112a889dd5315ed1f46c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483298304.jpg?k=affc8255e0e584abd68352c3b3068ec9b1e916e14ca5a6ed60b5c9e7149e7aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483300088.jpg?k=133e03317c7fc155cab6c260507ba5ea503b54a4d4e09c44792e56f67a7d4d10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483514233.jpg?k=9f0a22d0eac325cab9bf54f2952b1662e320a7f1be12942af228959511ca8420&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483514278.jpg?k=b78ae83a0abef456e63b27db2a786b83797b0a12297b3c22ba2112006d07baa0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posh Beach 100 m"\n  - "Grill House Kalaja 7 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 0 m"\n  - "General Beach 2.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 39 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bello"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The Hotel was new,but was magnificent ! Every thing in its place.You can have all the meals in the restaurant inside the resort cause the cooker was a professional italian chef.
About the sea I like it very much,you can swimm in a crystal water...”"\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El hotel está recién abierto, está en un sitio excelente, con unas playas muy limpias y sin masificar ( en fin de semana un poco más) La habitación y el baño son muy amplios y cómodos. Todas las habitaciones tienen terraza con vistas al mar....”"\n  - name: "Jose"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“El dueño una excelente persona, nos soluciono todos los problemas, el restaurante en la playa increible! Todo maravilloso y las tumbonas de la playa del 10”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/posh-villas.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBeyond the comfort of the rooms, Posh Villas invites guests to explore its beautifully manicured gardens, enjoy moments of peace on the terrace, or savor culinary delights in the on-site restaurant. The hotel's bar provides a perfect setting for evening relaxation, while the nightclub promises vibrant entertainment options. For families, the children's playground offers a safe and fun environment for the little ones.

Adventurous guests will appreciate the hotel's proximity to popular fishing spots, with car hire services readily available for those wishing to explore further. The Rock of Kavaje and Durres Amphitheatre, located 34 km and 45 km away respectively, are accessible for day trips, offering a glimpse into the region's rich history.

Service at Posh Villas is unparalleled, with a multilingual staff providing round-the-clock assistance, ensuring every need is met with professionalism and a personal touch. Whether it's for leisure or a special occasion, Posh Villas stands as a testament to luxury and hospitality, promising an unforgettable experience by the sea. Conveniently located just 69 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, this hotel is a choice destination for discerning travelers seeking the ultimate in seaside luxury.