---\ntitle: "Premier Apartment"\ndescription: "Premier Apartment emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484111426.jpg?k=af09e7b086afd97263d6d6b12cf49712bb6107f05b46419914ceaf6fbb67bf0e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: premier-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Andon Zako Çajupi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31932537\n  lng: 19.81331561\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484111426.jpg?k=af09e7b086afd97263d6d6b12cf49712bb6107f05b46419914ceaf6fbb67bf0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484112635.jpg?k=73a168a50869c73833e7ab2fdfba110af4b63efd9c8b7cef12fc935df2141d7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484112512.jpg?k=b028349c65745896790bddb08bd81b65312f7687adcd7aad69b4cb7c0276bb2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484111826.jpg?k=d6c015974d5dcb03b90f54abf4975b5c8993644f934a3fa7da07bb6bb19071cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484111649.jpg?k=9144ef72dd66de4a7956e9e2d4e9fe3c514af399b17fd93ef2bddd123d300792&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484111777.jpg?k=3854cd28ca5c4562df0d480b233bd5c139a82c680f6bfde031139542a3a4194e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484112296.jpg?k=0764a7aa1cbd562f355673b3fc5a49f069da01eb76fd242c152364883698e492&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484112637.jpg?k=2320d81648f4d77a4480314b30b4b5d67e01640f238fab3c035201009046ecc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484112080.jpg?k=4eddb921c04ec8865e07cd8b565aeec8ade2ac2191a2dcbdecf5cf0a4f9aa1f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Safari Bar 20 m"\n  - "Bla Bla Longe Bar 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Edmondantes82"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The guy who welcomed us was really nice and helpful. The communication before arriving was perfect, and he also took us to a parking place.
Many thanks for everything.”"\n  - name: "Pam"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Fantastic location in the leafy part of Tirana, the first floor apartment was spacious and well maintained. It's like staying in someone's home, not a hotel suite. The kitchen has enough to make meals, with a large fridge. Air cons works well, and...”"\n  - name: "Viky"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione top e appartamento davvero confortevole. Host disponibilissimo”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/premier-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA mere 800 meters from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Premier Apartment is also conveniently accessible by lift, ensuring a hassle-free stay for all guests. For those willing to venture a bit further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 45 km, while the artistic Reja - The Cloud installation is just 1.3 km from the doorstep.

The apartment itself boasts an expansive layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a washing machine and two bathrooms, each with a bidet, adds to the convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For guests interested in exploring local attractions, Premier Apartment serves as an ideal base. The historic Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the lush greenery of Rinia Park are all within close proximity. Additionally, for those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 16 km away, making Premier Apartment a prime choice for both short and extended stays in Tirana.