---\ntitle: "Premium Apartaments 10"\ndescription: "Premium Apartaments 10 emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363114483.jpg?k=c9a39cd2f5bec2484b1fe425df9db00f7b1f47e9f4ccf11a30faecb28674475f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: premium-apartaments-10\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi Apartament, 9300 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44777437\n  lng: 19.49429582\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363114483.jpg?k=c9a39cd2f5bec2484b1fe425df9db00f7b1f47e9f4ccf11a30faecb28674475f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468664476.jpg?k=c6872442d8e0486f2009e2971eb6071ebcd2e52c5f93671d890447995cfab463&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363115448.jpg?k=38590b40f80a667eb7990f51fa07d090d798ba2cfd9578cc82f400b4a718446b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369584939.jpg?k=985a5b6dd9e4e66440bf733e27913e282cab6c4ab1268893eb82a9e9cc191086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363115170.jpg?k=87468b830a7fc9b433436fa845f9ae50a7cfb436f88321fafadc05a781665cc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364686931.jpg?k=e91be4a7a8c5f5e212825f2d06a3057c8f1826fe0aa39dc43a6f35d0981bc877&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363115120.jpg?k=4be133670f92ba2f58d6c35a9825ffde09bb9bfc4c0271e5e9e15ee010b0b5f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363115499.jpg?k=db852d9d9da58f2bb61fde1bf8cf5e4894d4557d84a269169c75705c9ba01dd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468664788.jpg?k=12755ac88538ed55bff7ff94fc5414f8a027a233f09cc6a0503ddaa00736cb4c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Xhokla 50 m"\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 100 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.3 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klajdi"\n    country: "Northern Mariana Islands"\n    text: "“The host was really helpful, and it is very close to the beach”"\n  - name: "Benard"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very comfortable and well equipped apartment.
Excellent cleaning service.
Everything was really good, we had a warm welcome and the room was perfect !Wonderful location and great host. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Vrioni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“ha locacione fantastica a canto al consolato italiana mi sentivo come a casa mia.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/premium-apartaments-10.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem doesn't just offer proximity to the sand and sea; it also boasts a well-maintained garden and an inviting bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of adventures. Guests can bask in the sun on the property's terrace, which promises relaxation with a view.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring two bedrooms and a living room, all bathed in natural light. Modern amenities such as air conditioning, free WiFi, and a satellite flat-screen TV ensure a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a holiday. The equipped kitchen and the inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet add a touch of convenience, making it an excellent choice for families or groups. Notably, the property maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a fresh and welcoming environment for all guests.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Premium Apartaments 10 facilitates adventure with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site. A minimarket within the apartment complex adds an extra layer of ease, catering to any last-minute needs or cravings.

Situated a mere 1.8 km from Vjetër Beach and 2.8 km from the historical Kuzum Baba, the apartment offers an excellent starting point for discovering the local sights. For guests arriving from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 152 km away, making Premium Apartaments 10 a compelling choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a serene and convenient stay in Vlorë.