---\ntitle: "Prickly Pear Corner"\ndescription: "Prickly Pear Corner emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort and convenience just a stone's throw away from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496041342.jpg?k=ec0b49cbe27b34cabfc43ed591cdec6044562a622b96d2aeeeb10a28c953a5dc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: prickly-pear-corner\naddress: "Rruga Spiro Moisiu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3292207\n  lng: 19.8294539\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496041342.jpg?k=ec0b49cbe27b34cabfc43ed591cdec6044562a622b96d2aeeeb10a28c953a5dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497931582.jpg?k=d8d084dbe91b737fa31554dcfff351cf3e004710a27a1a0e98b3cee88d762366&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506818891.jpg?k=9764d5ee34c62aa97a0cce6e0fa7e2c9a3a1ec791b02f2bc44448a48268f723e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506818700.jpg?k=5199fc1355f1e69d81f44c1845228a6db2c1af33e47040006feb13de6e03ff39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506818594.jpg?k=05c493851b1ddbe3992f43b9c459050fe17afc5be90c035cacce227fb34830c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499035638.jpg?k=159328de489ebd0f8fb374b5c6cbf914f5be1ed3f1505dcbb015cb4ec53db210&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499035922.jpg?k=f539754010e54b6cd4fbb0415dbf2f3a85c463f5dd58979449a6b61ba3c82ead&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506817909.jpg?k=bc5049dee9f2e64030ccdcdef75ac5304e9bb5955162c350fcf0cd9ea45877bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499036002.jpg?k=e97ddc9dd80f1cd807e4a5fe9031698696fd6170d8097784bbed9706be436aa8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Duplex 50 m"\n  - "Tipico Restorant 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amber"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had a lovely stay in this spacious apartment, the kitchen/living area and the rooftop garden make it homely and it’s in a great location! The bathroom is nice and modern and the beds were comfortable, the wifi is good and the hosts were very...”"\n  - name: "Kim"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Fantastic location within easy walk of main attractions and lots of great restaurants”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/prickly-pear-corner.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation doesn't just promise a stay; it invites guests into a spacious two-bedroom haven equipped with modern amenities. From a flat-screen TV catering to all your streaming needs to a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster, every detail is meticulously curated for your comfort. The inclusion of fresh towels and bed linen adds a touch of home.

For those who prefer dining al fresco, the property features an inviting outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals amidst the tranquility of its well-kept garden. Convenience is further enhanced by the presence of a minimarket on the premises, ensuring essentials are always within reach.

Prickly Pear Corner is not just about the amenities; its location is a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry. Historical sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and the majestic Saint Paul Cathedral are within easy reach. For shopping enthusiasts, the Toptani Shopping Centre offers a variety of retail experiences nearby. When it's time to say goodbye, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 16 km away, making departures as smooth as arrivals.

In essence, Prickly Pear Corner stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of leisure, culture, and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital.