---\ntitle: "Prime Hotel"\ndescription: "Prime Hotel emerges as a standout accommodation choice in the heart of Tirana, merely 80 meters from the iconic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138511880.jpg?k=3b70a00bc4017929f23ed22ecc3c5bd3c39750bdfba26a7a04c4c38cadeb1219&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: prime-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Ded Gjo Luli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32926241\n  lng: 19.81579098\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 745\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138511880.jpg?k=3b70a00bc4017929f23ed22ecc3c5bd3c39750bdfba26a7a04c4c38cadeb1219&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139023514.jpg?k=9cbc91219c36d69cd5544886d00fa9fe77d5bbef2b95126361d76b25b51e2bc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139044425.jpg?k=4c7ae46dc4da722007b70e09e6ef9ff8b55298e5492c6707f8331ff7320ce34d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139025135.jpg?k=e98d7ff0fbc0d3ff15330f0f1ebe5eca7d5ac67ee63e654710b9efea5a7e1407&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140352571.jpg?k=466ded9afe346452867f6291b3aeb57cbe5e6ad10645def0bf4427148f41c01d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/139043689.jpg?k=850d497e20fd875245a4c08d561cc4f455b16f656ecf81be4f09ccc1da5658f2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tfc Tirana Fried Chicken 30 m"\n  - "Egi's 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katy"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing location, great hotel. Super clean and the staff were very helpful. Would highly recommend”"\n  - name: "Abdul"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“A very clean and nice room that contains everything you need. Everything was very organised and clean with a nice oder. Additionally, it was very quiet and calm. Moreover, the location is very unique in the center of Tirana. There are many...”"\n  - name: "Giulio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Central position very close to Skanderbeg square, cleanliness, helpful personnel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/prime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at Prime Hotel is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring a flat-screen TV with an array of satellite channels for entertainment at any hour. Beyond entertainment, the rooms are designed with practicality in mind, boasting a desk for those needing to stay productive, and a seating area for moments of relaxation. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hair dryer, ensuring a seamless and comfortable stay.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk, staffed by a team fluent in both English and Italian, ready to assist guests with any needs or inquiries. This level of personalized service enhances the overall experience, making Prime Hotel not just a place to stay, but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life of Tirana.

Located a convenient 13 km from Tirana Airport, the hotel offers ease of access for international travelers, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and business visitors seeking a central, well-appointed, and welcoming place to stay in Albania's bustling capital.