---\ntitle: "Prima Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Prima Guesthouse emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477652601.jpg?k=4e46d14051f536bb225e14cd5cde9f20f707fd093f4e65a4290480e2299248f6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: prima-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku 12 (5th floor), Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89999033\n  lng: 20.66201006\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477652601.jpg?k=4e46d14051f536bb225e14cd5cde9f20f707fd093f4e65a4290480e2299248f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523153117.jpg?k=18e4dea4651938f0678c30e6d3aaa36beee6dd80fc0d5dcfed25fcfb0cfb738b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575201.jpg?k=1abb3fe571e2a41f2056236dba22ad29966078675e89edf1f13e99c8250e3c8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575292.jpg?k=cd8d8dc3777d2c411093b2aaaf53fcd97af67d5f8820ff718d10f86d426faa6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575298.jpg?k=9de5e38b9f976021218ffe8616b77b50616293e36a862b3b35add5a43896e8c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575219.jpg?k=7163e45dc3055279d453ac987e7524ec52793e9b8a37941da857d11b17f368f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575213.jpg?k=7681c412829051e8279321eb82caf91e0379c73722815c7b585e0cbe04a3905d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575254.jpg?k=04aab5f53bb02fd312a1e00045e97eab6ac8e4af2bbea2a9138a42f5702f858e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494575241.jpg?k=ef23ec07ea69c73067dcdfcfb7e5da2ebe1805792db3f639e18949eb699dd604&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (92 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Pandelis 40 m"\n  - "Fast Food Pere 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 600 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Françoise"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Apparemment ensoleillé, central, facilité pour entrer”"\n  - name: "Susanne"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Top Lage, wenige Gehminuten vom Zentrum und vom Strand. Gemütliche Wohnung, mega bequemes Bett, perfekte Ausstattung und super sympathischer Vermieter. Ein Ort, wo man sich wie Zuhause fühlt. Jederzeit gerne wieder.”"\n  - name: "Andon"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“My parents visited the guesthouse. Comfortable bed, very clean, a perfect location and a fantastic view! The apartment had everything they needed.
The host, Devi was a really nice and helpful guy!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/prima-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, Prima Guesthouse is a mere 8 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs and 22 km from the intriguing Bay of Bones, making it an ideal base for explorers eager to uncover the natural and historical treasures of the region. Moreover, the property is located 39 km from the Early Christian Basilica, adding a layer of cultural enrichment to the stay.

Guests are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their experience. The apartment boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The dining space and a fully equipped kitchen offer guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the balcony presents breathtaking mountain views, inviting moments of reflection and relaxation.

Privacy is paramount at Prima Guesthouse, underscored by the inclusion of a private entrance for each accommodation unit. This feature ensures a personal and uninterrupted stay, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the tranquility and beauty of Pogradec.

Accessibility is also a key advantage, with Port Ohrid and the Church of St. John at Kaneo both located 39 km away. For those arriving by air, Ohrid Airport is conveniently 46 km from the guesthouse, facilitating smooth travel arrangements.

Prima Guesthouse stands as a testament to modern comfort and strategic location, promising an unforgettable stay for those venturing into the heart of Pogradec.