---\ntitle: "Priska Apartaments"\ndescription: "Priska Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479736896.jpg?k=48ad1f7dfc002cead9340da478a994e230fc03516acc311ca4899403c69308bb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: priska-apartaments\naddress: "Beach Front area, Durres, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28370285\n  lng: 19.51390733\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479736896.jpg?k=48ad1f7dfc002cead9340da478a994e230fc03516acc311ca4899403c69308bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479729521.jpg?k=90c1c5124e140576f6ba796f476b98346bb0d044f48e885efdf9377b02e7c381&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479729547.jpg?k=017f6e627d5fbaa631a12cbf8ddd76b85ea5131e8cbb16b21f0e49c097a841ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479729540.jpg?k=49ae627f3ae6030313ddfc26c504f2c6d41533dd344b63e7a3cf59ecb632aa39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479729646.jpg?k=8656d690bc62f93b45fa0ddc83d669c9d96cad2ccb9f86ab09a149e8d7e193ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479729661.jpg?k=cd1d5a160337209237464909cd1d791c74bb830239567e0a539f3ff756b2455e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Boss Tetova 50 m"\n  - "Restorant ANXHELSON 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 250 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 450 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Salillari"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was beuatiful to stay there. The sea and all the things around quite well. We enjoy to much this weekend.”"\n  - name: "Adrijana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Divna i ljubazna porodica. Pomogli su nam oko pronalaska objekta, svi zajedno su nas sacekali i fino ugostili 8 dana koliko smo bili kod njih. Posedno mi se dopalo sto smo smo 3 dana dobili nove ciste peskire i posteljinu( sto uglavnom ili trazim...”"\n  - name: "Alessia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I proprietari sono persone meravigliose e disponibili”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/priska-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Priska Apartments are designed with families in mind, featuring spacious family rooms that ensure a comfortable stay for all. Each apartment is a testament to self-sufficient living, boasting a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, ensuring guests can enjoy home-cooked meals even while away from home. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV offering cable channels and complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with bidets and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of convenience.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the proximity to Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers an adventure not to be missed, while the Rock of Kavaje provides a glimpse into the natural beauty of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 35 km away, Priska Apartments stands out as a strategically located haven for both leisure and exploration.

The thoughtful amenities, such as air conditioning and work desks in each unit, cater to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. Select rooms further enhance the guest experience with the addition of balconies, inviting guests to unwind with a view. Priska Apartments not only promises a stay filled with comfort but also provides a gateway to the rich cultural tapestry and natural wonders of Durrës.