---\ntitle: "Private room historic center Elbasan"\ndescription: "Private Room Historic Center Elbasan emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Elbasan, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194053537.jpg?k=cb481cb84c1a723cd477e602849e2a906ca1ee039a8ee69fbaec4abcb2a24544&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: private-room-historic-center-elbasan\naddress: "Rruga Tajar Guranjaku, 3001 Elbasan, Albania"\ncity: "Elbasan"\nlocation: "Elbasan"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.11484926\n  lng: 20.08065283\nprice: "US$14"\npriceFrom: 14\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 98\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 9.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194053537.jpg?k=cb481cb84c1a723cd477e602849e2a906ca1ee039a8ee69fbaec4abcb2a24544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194051860.jpg?k=29803a4ccdfc31850f7d61b6200cd927cd71ffcb5bbf6120912221b5c440e17b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194053138.jpg?k=9e35ca8f392ee24f8d8683a1b13af159bee1dbc4b104b1510edf8c7af7575723&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194033961.jpg?k=9b45efa5902eb79ce471ad753506a7d85cf8fa037c8e8d51f21ee16db0c07bbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194052299.jpg?k=5de6c8046c08d130844d7d01d49b5ac151448cb9d0368fbd1d91d47cbbe0b2ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194079771.jpg?k=5391cd2fa701b9287a8f471ed28139455bd294c693666c192bf3b7757dc726b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194052892.jpg?k=aace0c559a0a946d52c62bca79ffc9323866a824443ea7ba1b1dd29a1065373e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112533867.jpg?k=5afc4a7230f9d31d4ee33fd8ff7fd5aac4ab66f5fee464a3fa67f9d4fd1767f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350176389.jpg?k=dca8566eeb6363b1447c4f3df092ef87f0bc6dc25c8a2c81c0d8dd62def1e4c8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "NFole & Coctail 100 m"\n  - "Bar Sfins 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 55 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Peaceful location. Simple room ground floor. WiFi too. Friendly host family and neighbourhood.”"\n  - name: "Jonathan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is great, just inside the castle walls. 2 beds and a private bathroom for the price is unheard of.”"\n  - name: "Jiří"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“I liked the location of the room, it was close to everything - the bus station, shops, main boulevard, and city center. The price is excellent for what you get. Though as I write in the dislike section it has both cons and pros. You have things...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/private-room-historic-center-elbasan.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world where modern amenities meet thoughtful service. The property boasts a lush garden that offers a tranquil view, setting the stage for a relaxing retreat. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests enjoy complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay, ensuring they remain connected with the world, should they choose to.

The accommodations at Private Room Historic Center Elbasan are designed with the guest's comfort and privacy in mind. Each room features a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The private bathroom, adorned with bathrobes and slippers, adds a touch of luxury to the stay, while the soundproofing and private entrance ensure a peaceful and uninterrupted experience.

For those looking to explore the area, the guest house offers a car rental service, making it easy to venture out and discover the local sights. The Grand Park of Tirana and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument are both within a manageable distance, offering guests a glimpse into the region's rich history and natural beauty.

Located 52 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Private Room Historic Center Elbasan is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and scenic landscapes of Elbasan. Whether it's the convenience of on-site facilities like luggage storage and private check-in/check-out or the allure of its prime location, this property promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.