---\ntitle: "Privilege Hotel & Spa"\ndescription: "Privilege Hotel & Spa emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience just 5 km away from the bustling center of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228475517.jpg?k=f108d8230bded6d2c5ec25f50ae2416e2daaba74e0e4169108323d52a9c7ca01&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: privilege-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Haxhi Dushku, 2, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29312954\n  lng: 19.85167524\nprice: "US$219"\npriceFrom: 219\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 304\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228475517.jpg?k=f108d8230bded6d2c5ec25f50ae2416e2daaba74e0e4169108323d52a9c7ca01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228354334.jpg?k=9123a894f2666312a93960dde45ee07da97c7401c0f8b5fd6013287bba5fb058&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228355112.jpg?k=47ef8150620f9af2f03c4f571fe4248db09670dabbe4207fd240f8d87632bf6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228475506.jpg?k=ceb6cebe09824222ade0eecf121c9cd107e032446924098e16b9d6dc1d35281c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228475504.jpg?k=e399bf1a274c51cfe94ef2025e21d1a209f8a0688a918ab7ca4cbcd5ad840287&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228475516.jpg?k=fa370945983363b0458f1854b50ea9b537e7781af61e50d00035de8ad26c8af2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Smile 750 m"\n  - "Queen Park 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 2.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 3.1 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 3.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 3.8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 4.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 16 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 75 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rani"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The staff is very polite. Nice quiet rooms. A value for money hotel at all aspects.”"\n  - name: "Bing6788"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff was amazing. From the reception to the restaurant to the sauna area. They were very helpful and friendly and accommodating.”"\n  - name: "Shade"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“5 stars don't do justice! This hotel and its staff have been phenomenal. From check-in to breakfast to the spa has been a top class experience. Facilities are fantastic, food is delicious and the service is out of this world. This is my 11th hotel...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/privilege-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Wellness & Spa"\nbestCategories: "Wellness & Spa"\ncategory: "Wellness & Spa"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Privilege Hotel & Spa are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a TV with cable channels, a minibar, and a safe, alongside a cozy seating area for moments of relaxation. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, slippers, and hairdryers, ensuring a stay that blends convenience with the comforts of home.

For those looking to elevate their relaxation experience, the hotel's spa and wellness center offers a range of services including massages, complemented by a serene sauna environment. The convenience extends beyond the hotel's amenities with car hire services, making exploration of Tirana and its surroundings effortlessly accessible.

Located a mere 4.3 km from the iconic Sky Tower and 5 km from the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, Privilege Hotel & Spa positions guests perfectly to discover the cultural heartbeat of Tirana. For international travelers, the ease of transition is facilitated by the hotel's airport shuttle service, available at a surcharge from Tirana Airport, located 25 km away.

Privilege Hotel & Spa stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their visit to Tirana.