---\ntitle: "Proda Apartments"\ndescription: "Proda Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522132991.jpg?k=37bab019662223d8b34bf485a1fe01ed2f19832b1793cbafc575011088a6e28a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: proda-apartments\naddress: "Teki Haderi, Lagjia numer 1, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87033178\n  lng: 20.0161106\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522132991.jpg?k=37bab019662223d8b34bf485a1fe01ed2f19832b1793cbafc575011088a6e28a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370790054.jpg?k=4dbbb665ae9b10c1fa0df978f13b2b95567b3b6a9c3db027c55cb7d5cc181184&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370790064.jpg?k=e6763a5caf1fbf7b755e1cec6989216cfa67c04c0ede208c2c4497114c3b9940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467630269.jpg?k=ce6bd3b86986bbd20d54b62c08698504d4cc78343f9de4e83d1e4043f11132fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522132941.jpg?k=1887c4796dc5543ec84102b9f3d579aa954c3601843d96603763d2979fbf20b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522132943.jpg?k=6be7fa9e41c2a7dac67b8c5756234de0f17ada8ee6876cb5de634032cdb9d137&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet Liberty 150 m"\n  - "Ines Grill 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "La Petite Beach 250 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eno"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property is located in the center of Saranda.in 2 min walk you can access supermarket,coffee shops etc.
The apartment is new and has all the amenties needed for holidays.The host Disi is very helpful with suggesting us beaches nearby and also...”"\n  - name: "Deljan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Clean and tiny room.
It is close to the beaches and restaurants.
Kind people ,very available to help you.”"\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento bello e proprietari ci hanno accolto come una famiglia Saranda ottimo qualità e prezzo ..”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/proda-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Proda Apartments are treated to a host of amenities designed to ensure a stay that is both relaxing and convenient. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for those moments when unwinding indoors is preferred. Safety is also a priority, with each unit equipped with a safety deposit box. The private bathrooms come with a shower, complimentary slippers, and a hair dryer, adding a touch of home-like comfort.

For those who enjoy the option of preparing their own meals, select units come with a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, fridge, and stovetop, ensuring that guests have everything they need at their fingertips.

Proda Apartments is not just about the immediate comforts. Its location serves as a gateway to the wider attractions of the area. The enchanting Butrint National Park is a mere 16 km away, offering an easy day trip option for nature and history enthusiasts alike. Moreover, the property is conveniently situated 96 km from Ioannina Airport, making it an accessible choice for both domestic and international travelers.

With its combination of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a memorable stay, Proda Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for visitors to Sarandë.