---\ntitle: "Proper house Iva"\ndescription: "Proper House Iva emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388738491.jpg?k=3edae6367d48c3ca9dbebfb9e62d96564e5d5e49f4c2d950670903cb2e7cee89&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: proper-house-iva\naddress: "Str Vangjush Furxhiu, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32415725\n  lng: 19.81269231\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 64\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388738491.jpg?k=3edae6367d48c3ca9dbebfb9e62d96564e5d5e49f4c2d950670903cb2e7cee89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375980271.jpg?k=e4f86fb43dbdba5fa56689791fa1ae98556fa9631d775fcb2995977d6308a523&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388569990.jpg?k=96c4e64090ca1264d7860394bf9eee6d7265924c2c7e84af6f0ff7b0f190fb1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375979439.jpg?k=ccb55f95b010be6d8df6670a3981d25079d0ff128a6527e60f644978978074ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388739285.jpg?k=0bc1a2d2292d092df2c257ad31fcda80bfd910091c2edc805e0fd1ae925ce2ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375981182.jpg?k=8b07b19cdc694132c10a5166ff115662c46e783ae5b7a2be81003d2049a646fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375979218.jpg?k=be7e3d155a0ac45533f4e085e882c74eb16aa909282a7a7f44555e44fbba5dca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388570419.jpg?k=07ad3cf1cf87d540e8dc62823a41a53b03559cc757e6cdafb0241a7f6bdd98ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388740471.jpg?k=e7c994a0d973ca4e8bf81b47b073079d41931cd9cf748f209688bce121342598&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 20 m"\n  - "Tsk -Ministria Drejtësisë- 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Izedin"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“A spacious apartment, lovely neighborhood, close to city center, and very friendly host who takes good care of his guests. Definitely recommended.”"\n  - name: "Daniela"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“This is one of the best apartments to stay in Tirana. It is in the ideal center, meters from the best and longest shopping street, about 7 min walking distance from Skanderbeg statue and central square, history museum, historical mosque and...”"\n  - name: "Theofania"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was excellent and the hoster Simos was very helpful. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/proper-house-iva.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment, a haven of tranquility, is equipped with modern amenities to ensure a seamless stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of space with three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living area perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration, and a dining area for intimate meals. The kitchen comes fully equipped, including a microwave, catering to those who prefer the comfort of home-cooked meals. For added convenience, complimentary WiFi blankets the property, keeping guests connected during their stay.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of crisp towels and fine bed linen, enhancing the comfort of each stay. Emphasizing a healthy living environment, the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

Strategically positioned, Proper House Iva is a stone's throw away from notable attractions such as Rinia Park, the historic Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 15 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Proper House Iva stands out as an exemplary choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the rich culture and stunning landscapes of Tirana, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed accommodation.