---\ntitle: "Proper Apartment 2"\ndescription: "Proper Apartment 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of air-conditioned accommodations coupled with the convenience of a central location in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494162640.jpg?k=1183f1e221da066dd9099525a5cc2711d3210c05782f1b9df0ec4fda4fc2ab89&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: proper-apartment-2\naddress: "Rruga e Bogdanëve, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32902996\n  lng: 19.81024045\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494162640.jpg?k=1183f1e221da066dd9099525a5cc2711d3210c05782f1b9df0ec4fda4fc2ab89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156273.jpg?k=39634bd356de537963a54166c37024fb34ec912dc7ba4fc54512b906e6090350&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156311.jpg?k=4accfccdd51724e6ef3c5744da441be9af823eab4cd222810d54b69b7512b06e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156303.jpg?k=7b813bc10b46af530d6913dfed5e6b641ea55ded5da3d3392271d85be476b6e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156318.jpg?k=820999b36e4ba34e6c65ea28a52080f48d53b4791a6fadccb68262d66f77ed61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156475.jpg?k=4feab226b7b1f5df00a130672465e7f39002b4371b227cbd95f1eeef6a90bab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156331.jpg?k=d79947ff4e5e8e501e2912b75d5620c4dcaa0a0b5949357f93c3c0d63950e90e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156292.jpg?k=be11b8ae94a910174abcb160c20a520e01c44bff9cda4aae8efe6ababa552819&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494156439.jpg?k=b1ce6966c324d46068b0a8fd22aa175d764f301dfc7253d4ac2a5d559cf705e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mercy 50 m"\n  - "On Time Tirana 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Magdalena"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Modern apartment with superb views of Tirana. Located very near the central square, in a well kept building equipped with two elevators. It had all the necessary amenities for a comfortable stay. The parking space was very spacious and directly...”"\n  - name: "Mathieu"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“A perfect flat in a proper location in Tirana. Very good communication and services. We enjoyed our stay in the flat.”"\n  - name: "Romela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean, apartment manager was great and super friendly about information of city. Great location, walking distance to sightsee. Overall, great stay, highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/proper-apartment-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts an expansive layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space and privacy for guests. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services adds a touch of home comfort. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area provide the perfect setting for home-cooked meals, which can be savored on the balcony that offers mesmerizing mountain and city views. An added layer of convenience is provided by the private entrance and round-the-clock security, ensuring a worry-free stay.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park places guests at the heart of Tirana's rich cultural tapestry. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making Proper Apartment 2 an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in the vibrant city of Tirana.