---\ntitle: "Pupa Winery Serene Stay"\ndescription: "Pupa Winery Serene Stay emerges as a tranquil haven in the heart of Berat, offering guests an exceptional retreat with its unique combination of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450097074.jpg?k=fe0e8abf53eb08859aa5ef6a6850e21b4b469b5da8ea2482aba39d956f11fd4f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: pupa-winery-serene-stay\naddress: "Fushe-Peshtan Berat, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.65261977\n  lng: 20.04244506\nprice: "US$91"\npriceFrom: 91\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 80\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450097074.jpg?k=fe0e8abf53eb08859aa5ef6a6850e21b4b469b5da8ea2482aba39d956f11fd4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450096088.jpg?k=20514810650a40211f87fba78dc4c49425dc33aa6e465d979ed2a33b04799eff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450096115.jpg?k=507bd90a87eaf586c8e924854dced9fafcf003f13367246e206da76d3da8309c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450096021.jpg?k=bf75e4eda64f8cd7702af0998f6a88e9b1386683bf35f846430ee8731e4da120&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450096102.jpg?k=8eed0e93e6f6ee296c94f477f5f374695e645e3b99b611a652acf7ceeada3f8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450096056.jpg?k=b852203638bca734a58be98f0ad25f1d3b1933d702de5cde08317bb7cd0a5a1e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Salillari 1.3 km"\n  - "Taverna Ago 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marina"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Wineyard tour and wine tasting are included in price. We were 10 minutes late for the tour, but the straff waited for us. Breakfast is good. Beautiful nature, new rooms made with love.”"\n  - name: "Conny"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Beautiful location! Loved our stay at the winery. The food and wine is amazing. Definitely recommend eating and drinking there. Also, the room was very nice and clean. It's easy to find and you can get to beautiful places from there. It turns...”"\n  - name: "Ari"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Btreakfast was very good. But it took 20 min until we found any personnel to start to prepare the breakfast, although the starting time was 25 min past.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pupa-winery-fushe-peshtan-berat-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\nbestCategories: "Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\ncategory: "Authentic Albanian Cuisine"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Pupa Winery Serene Stay are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room, equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV, ensures a restful stay. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a bidet and slippers, alongside the convenience of free WiFi, adds a touch of home. Select units also offer the luxury of a balcony, inviting guests to bask in the serene surroundings.

The culinary experience at Pupa Winery Serene Stay is a highlight, starting each day with a continental breakfast that showcases local specialties and cheeses. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests for meals throughout the day, from lunch to dinner, including brunch and cocktails, promising delightful dining options that cater to every palate.

For those seeking adventure or simply wishing to explore the picturesque locale of Berat, the guest house serves as an ideal base. Activities such as hiking and walking tours are readily accessible, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and rich history of the area. Moreover, the property features a picnic area and a terrace, offering additional spaces for relaxation and socializing.

Located 130 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Pupa Winery Serene Stay stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, comfort, and authentic local experiences in Berat.