---\ntitle: "Qemal Stafa Apartment"\ndescription: "Qemal Stafa Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200667.jpg?k=67b81f6840929f94870b4d77c2cec76c8e3524001c1d8560fa2561f055f26176&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: qemal-stafa-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33169643\n  lng: 19.82517309\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200667.jpg?k=67b81f6840929f94870b4d77c2cec76c8e3524001c1d8560fa2561f055f26176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200563.jpg?k=c7f0298b7fbc6a109a0a60eb67c5d227d31e6d33cf1138bd542df6512a1125f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200670.jpg?k=e918d669ccb3922b11071bc89b69cc84ac37cd50ede4d4561977057184e0413e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200672.jpg?k=d7bbbd6a69e4a702477ae6c197dda9ee32ac8c2ca6e53afa428970b23e4d2af2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200680.jpg?k=c683b6e95aac0eafd8219d3ca614503f5df21cc94603924ce77a614ae9a46da8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200561.jpg?k=5222342d9e2069973c91059539fdc61df7412c6d3e7512fbf2cbe62c41f74b56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478401359.jpg?k=f0c52171f7a40d007162450efea430dadbe339a7f6432e7aaa4039018f533124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504202098.jpg?k=024585f97943ca7f86087b6e988d445d2b27b0a371082ca10f0aa7e86f679391&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504200669.jpg?k=e685397c5e4a1e831477157d101b84eb55c9ad2a35772887dff643341d4f185f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylli Hidri Soni Fish 40 m"\n  - "Bar Trattoria Logu 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Luca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Lydia is fantastic, she facilitated our late Check-in and was useful in so many ways with tips age advices.
The apartment is beautiful and comfortable. And it is in a fantastic position, at a few minutes walk from Skanderbeg Square, and with tons...”"\n  - name: "Taher"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“Good location, big and clean, the owner is very nice”"\n  - name: "Joe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L’appartamento si trova in una posizione eccezionale in quanto vicino alla piazza principale ed al mercato cittadino. Lidia ha sempre risposto ad ogni mia richiesta e ci ha accolto con grande simpatia. Mi ha anche assistito nell’ organizzare il...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/qemal-stafa-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and fridge, and a cozy seating area for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV, while the convenience of a bathroom fitted with a bidet adds to the comfort of the stay. For those concerned about the quality of their environment, it's noteworthy that the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat amidst the city's hustle and bustle.

Views from the apartment offer a unique perspective of the city and its inner courtyards, promising a memorable backdrop to any stay. The inclusion of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania adds layers of convenience and cultural exploration to the visit. Accessibility is further enhanced by the close distance to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 15 km away, making Qemal Stafa Apartment an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana.