---\ntitle: "Qerana's rooms: Corner of nature"\ndescription: "Qerana's Rooms: Corner of Nature emerges as a serene oasis in Golem, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472650845.jpg?k=ac077de0c6042ae57be70329eb030a97a29b1e4938b2b542dce6d8eee4b18404&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: qerana-s-rooms-corner-of-nature\naddress: "Kryemedhenj, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26069656\n  lng: 19.5405124\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472650845.jpg?k=ac077de0c6042ae57be70329eb030a97a29b1e4938b2b542dce6d8eee4b18404&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702048.jpg?k=a0937b446d623154165b0c4537d153ca036ed7c6314871ac158170c19ae88082&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702039.jpg?k=fe62a8b2da407a1cd515ea9525fe7b75c57f7c0fc9041b37cae764ac806243e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702065.jpg?k=976d7088f0256766117d399e9f2456548e263d57f41f9075a11104ebfb3b5b17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702004.jpg?k=662d0a9505d54343fd0ff104e2b3dcfb2db7034b7ee38b59c5459f56d3a3344e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702066.jpg?k=dee87e0c6861aef4660ebd5dd6ee6623f46437410d89f69824dcfcd080191e22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471702028.jpg?k=db25392b3bff0f47f270b0245ddb060a88052ae4d6c8bb7990a91f307eeae554&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471701988.jpg?k=fdab654e672b9d9a618f7e4ead20a60e560877e80a91391f00dfe8df316fbaf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515504169.jpg?k=03dcea167050e229b07f465319095e2732f13601505cbfd2d5b70f85c8e0a9d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 1.4 km"\n  - "Bar Armando 1.6 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thijs"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Super friendly host who made us feel right at home. He is very passionate about the way he runs his guesthouse and the experience of his visitors. The house is beautiful and clean, with a nice quiet garden and an amazing view. Hairdryer is there,...”"\n  - name: "Stephen"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Wonderful location and friendly staff, family owned and so hospitable. Loved the breakfast, fresh local produce.”"\n  - name: "Kateřina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The owners are really nice people. We loved the breakfast with homemade donuts. Quiet location, nice views.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/qeranas-rooms-corner-of-nature-golem1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nEach room at Qerana's Rooms is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting a private balcony that offers guests a slice of nature's tranquility. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. The provision of free WiFi across the rooms, with select accommodations offering enchanting garden views, enhances the guest experience. Moreover, the presence of air conditioning and a desk in every unit underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

The multilingual staff at the reception, fluent in English, Italian, and Dutch, exemplifies the hotel's dedication to service, ready to assist guests with their needs and inquiries.

For those keen on exploring the local attractions, the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 3.8 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's natural beauty. Additionally, the hotel's proximity to historical sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha enriches the cultural experience of the stay. Conveniently located 39 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Qerana's Rooms: Corner of Nature ensures a seamless travel experience for its guests, making it an ideal choice for those venturing into Golem.