---\ntitle: "Qiqi Hotel"\ndescription: "Qiqi Hotel emerges as a charming retreat in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, a mere 43 km from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147231884.jpg?k=c0bf0a54143deef960f4df9babce2eaff5bd5a2fb96ba3f586ca762bf7d3fe7e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: qiqi-hotel\naddress: "Lagjja Puntore Gjirokaster, 6000 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07832578\n  lng: 20.14998391\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 72\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147231884.jpg?k=c0bf0a54143deef960f4df9babce2eaff5bd5a2fb96ba3f586ca762bf7d3fe7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147228097.jpg?k=022c722f5d8595b21e7770fd2719d4723ec9c4285e6563d567ff9db7b4af5c7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147230496.jpg?k=5dc900e970f183b46996d2fe971224032d804354f0e30389feefe80a96be6f15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147231514.jpg?k=a9dbbd8e473008350486b6a98259adc2fbfa92ffbb914d16d0271d5d881f6954&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147230489.jpg?k=d92b16a5bd5466828666ea3056473ea7967a8295dcab1b89883c2371cdfa4cbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/147232906.jpg?k=77b306a2192cd5e0ed6b81b532dacf8d86f3826da288ce613c0889e58f6c9a55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Fani 100 m"\n  - "Coyote 300 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jernej"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“It's within walking distance of Gjirocastër Castelsardo and our rooms 25 & 26 both had beautiful view of it from the balcony. Stunning at night! The staff is helpful, responsive and friendly without being intrusive. Rooms and bathrooms aren't new...”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Excellent hotel with a convenient location just off the main road and close to the center, a cozy air-conditioned room with a balcony and wonderful mountain views. Pleasant and helpful staff, especially the unforgettable Valentina and her most...”"\n  - name: "Pavel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“I was very warmly welcomed by the staff and the owners. They were so helpful. The location of the hotel is on a main road before the roundabout. To the historical centre of Gjirokaster it is about 15 minutes walk. The room was clean and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/qiqi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Qiqi Hotel are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a balcony that offers a picturesque view of the city, allowing guests to soak in the ambiance of Gjirokastër from the privacy of their own space. The inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and the provision of bed linen and towels add layers of comfort to the guest experience. Moreover, the availability of a fridge in every room offers the convenience of storing snacks and beverages.

For travelers flying into the region, Ioannina Airport is located 81 km away, making Qiqi Hotel an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors. Whether it's the strategic location, the array of facilities, or the attentive service, Qiqi Hotel stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a comfortable and convenient stay in Gjirokastër.