---\ntitle: "Queen Isabella Premium"\ndescription: "Queen Isabella Premium stands as a beacon of comfort and elegance in Vlorë, offering breathtaking mountain views and a mere stone's throw away from the serene Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446957946.jpg?k=437d7a0c5fd024149f38dc133075eb12d76f16e6f215a19bc8271119e31f7c31&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: queen-isabella-premium\naddress: "Rruga Riza Salati, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46489856\n  lng: 19.48363704\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446957946.jpg?k=437d7a0c5fd024149f38dc133075eb12d76f16e6f215a19bc8271119e31f7c31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446906389.jpg?k=f39f5fe2e1c0d7531334574939973661cc77f4ada858072146210c404bcc8f09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446825362.jpg?k=fc6b580ceefccd6c511fb7efc6a131ea6afd1149c9fc3776e9c586256433afee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446827646.jpg?k=f7c054f2fe601a5c7c6b2e90297eaed1cc9565d5902ccea0d3bb305ee94dbcc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447928276.jpg?k=c966ee5f748524b96758bc5dfdb27b09461d7fb3620a40b438a5e6d3584cb87b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453328058.jpg?k=1cdcaeab80c508f324d0f8767eba62319220d75b2a8d4562801dce40170f02bf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Queen Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Norway 100 m"\n  - "Bar Milano 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 900 m"\n  - "Independence Square 900 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hanae"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything was really clean. Amazing host who gave us a lot of tips and recommendations. Location is central.”"\n  - name: "Molnár"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Our host was a really helpful guy, answered almost immediately every time. The place is nice, walk distance to the main street. Really good place for the price for 4 person.”"\n  - name: "Zamir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great apartment, helpful staff, nice view, highly recommend, definitely ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/queen-isabella-premium.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel's accommodations are a testament to thoughtful design, featuring balconies that present an urban tapestry against the backdrop of the city. For those who seek a glimpse of the ocean's majesty, select rooms offer expansive sea views, complemented by modern amenities such as flat-screen TVs. The attention to detail extends to the provision of plush bed linen and towels, enhancing the comfort of each stay.

Mornings at Queen Isabella Premium are greeted with a choice of continental or Italian breakfasts, promising a delightful start to the day. Located just 2.6 km from the inviting shores of Vlore Beach and a short distance from the historic Independence Square, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich tapestry of the area.

For guests arriving from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 149 km away, is available. This, coupled with amenities such as room service and currency exchange, underscores the hotel's commitment to meeting the needs of its guests.

Queen Isabella Premium not only offers a stay but an experience, setting the stage for memories that linger long after departure.