---\ntitle: "R&I Sea and Mountain View Apartments Radhimë"\ndescription: "R&I Sea and Mountain View Apartments Radhimë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and natural beauty in Orikum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363443567.jpg?k=ddaa262c40a41b176e6eccbd6c408cc35cd3970e9c86be0ed80dc5ffc6942b5f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: r-i-sea-and-mountain-view-apartments-radhim\naddress: "SH8, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34287738\n  lng: 19.4819007\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363443567.jpg?k=ddaa262c40a41b176e6eccbd6c408cc35cd3970e9c86be0ed80dc5ffc6942b5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359253974.jpg?k=2b4f77a89c232a155829ae7a10217a81af104ddb34ca7f212a463c0ec8f96120&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359248976.jpg?k=b0eb3ea055180e773003d0f6696a98338ed8411cc9008c3d58706c907f96ecb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359253995.jpg?k=a053df6eb850a5b04e296104cc5831c3db85b7a9b22592755e9bd3dade76a7a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359254589.jpg?k=76552ce623877043c2b08a7411fc482ecc5a43cce510cbab25aef508f3614217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373196757.jpg?k=093a0b0508a71c7fefa23b2d2b5cbf510096b53d15fcd274a09766898a07a347&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363443883.jpg?k=684ccc170c01794e8de38f28ea1b308515b4859c56d1718b5f386b5c5fc3dbb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363442538.jpg?k=ad5501b062da981f635f16edb8f510765f18b6a9bda121eed37b76191e6f38b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359225620.jpg?k=f1d136d0a4136556570beeeaf0ecb5accec71663429ab5b75e1b53a8a0c572e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Al Mare 150 m"\n  - "Restorant Ibiza 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Baro Beach 100 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 350 m"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Patrycja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Zdecydowanie lokalizacja na plus ! Plaża bardzo blisko i możliwość korzystania z basenu w budynku obok. Basen widać z okien.”"\n  - name: "Gianluca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa nuova (talmente nuova che L ascensore non era ancora collaudato) a pochi passi dal mare separato solo da una strada (piuttosto pericolosa però). Bellissima la vista sul mare al tramonto. Bagno molto grande con un ampia doccia (almeno 3 mq)...”"\n  - name: "L"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Recently built apartment, equipped with new and comfortable furnitures and kitchen utensils. Nice and clean white cotton bed sheets and towels. Beachfront and other private beaches nearby.
Manjola is very communicative, friendly and caring. She...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/r-amp-i-sea-and-mountain-view-apartments-radhime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at R&I Sea and Mountain View is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a private balcony, and complimentary WiFi. The family-friendly accommodations include a spacious seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances such as an oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, and stovetop. Additionally, guests can expect the convenience of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, along with the provision of fresh bed linen and towels for a hassle-free stay.

The property doesn't just cater to the needs inside the apartment; it also boasts an on-site bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploring Orikum's natural landscapes. For those with a penchant for outdoor activities, the surrounding area offers ample opportunities for fishing and hiking, ensuring that adventure is never far away.

R&I Sea and Mountain View Apartments Radhimë is not only a stone's throw away from the serene Nettuno Beach but also conveniently located 16 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the local culture and natural beauty. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 165 km away, ensuring that this haven of relaxation and adventure is within reach.

In summary, R&I Sea and Mountain View Apartments Radhimë provides a perfect escape for families and travelers looking to immerse themselves in the natural beauty of Orikum, offering all the comforts of home in a picturesque beachfront location.