---\ntitle: "Rahoni Park & Suites"\ndescription: "Rahoni Park & Suites emerges as a distinguished destination for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in Dhërmi, just a short distance from the pristine Palasa Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372749589.jpg?k=e6c6a06f5741575a20ddbd9c687e28fa6a62e8dd3a99f42a4669600d5daa3020&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rahoni-park-suites\naddress: "Rruga Gjothojka, 9423 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15866589\n  lng: 19.62341053\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372749589.jpg?k=e6c6a06f5741575a20ddbd9c687e28fa6a62e8dd3a99f42a4669600d5daa3020&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471707860.jpg?k=b111a26926b82d0231ae66e96d59845db7cdb1d5dae97300b362d8e5e4e24b7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471708509.jpg?k=54b781f489c8cc218e2e0bb398b10daee014abd64f67a897a28cd5310cd792de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471707859.jpg?k=5a2882bee14d40be396717b3907a3d681c512b78a95e620363483e44dd26f660&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465246198.jpg?k=80da87bfd8495030a697486730959984cd5c19f56f0a515ed0a811d3ceef1410&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471708504.jpg?k=89e6f34f4a1bf0c93adcf02f90324664dbda524fe42a5dcd99a13003e1421306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465246183.jpg?k=2e9a2f9018e48a2356245446bf92484be3825d574ff111370dd81a1fb281473f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471707858.jpg?k=9a5d003d2d9db75deafe950e007161a0af90e91de01d90061dda7a1c64a126df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372749522.jpg?k=f03f99f45513a09f8a36a3fa3c82a6d5c8a94cb5479875a8d4f02bc32a52185b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Fevan 450 m"\n  - "Harrys Creperie 750 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Palasa Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 3 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 5 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 65 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Çağrı"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“House owner’s and her family are very very sweet. They are so smiling and helpful people. Rahoni suite is very wonderful place to stay and it has very beautiful sea view. I recommend rahoni everyone who come to dhermi acutely. This place like a...”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The host were super nice, they gave us many advises about what to do in dhermi. The appartment has amazing furniture, confortable beds and it has generally a lot of space. The living room as well as the rooms are decorated with an amazing local...”"\n  - name: "Klejdi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A beautifully clean and contemporary apartment, offering tranquility with a truly breathtaking view.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rahoni-park-amp-suites.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach room at Rahoni Park & Suites is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, boasting breathtaking sea views that can be enjoyed alongside modern comforts such as free WiFi, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also feature balconies, offering an ideal spot to unwind and soak in the surroundings.

The hotel's commitment to catering to families is evident in its provision of spacious family rooms, making it an excellent choice for those traveling with loved ones. Beyond the confines of the hotel, Dhermi Beach awaits just 2.5 km away, promising a day of sun, sand, and sea.

For guests arriving from afar, the nearest airport is in Ioannina, located 161 km away, with the hotel thoughtfully offering a paid airport shuttle service to ensure a seamless journey from arrival to relaxation.

Rahoni Park & Suites stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Dhërmi.