---\ntitle: "Ramaj Apartment Ksamil"\ndescription: "Ramaj Apartment Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847073.jpg?k=44c21a07de5a6d4962d56418588a80c3fd4956f052593233f8f1f4158ed7546b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ramaj-apartment-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Riviera 14, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76809877\n  lng: 20.00003488\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847073.jpg?k=44c21a07de5a6d4962d56418588a80c3fd4956f052593233f8f1f4158ed7546b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847070.jpg?k=5cc941d7f521af7c4efe7510d4707f34057f9fd1b626ffae9e1075ed838133f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847079.jpg?k=98045b5bc495fa12504871cdf5660f3a3e8cbd6e54c095a17f1b39bdf3efad47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847059.jpg?k=25538d38bee02bafca64f9535a5736587de1fcef5a52aee75250860f353ea386&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847083.jpg?k=150b3684dfed4df04810b93f86121fa43a1fcd0ff6878974ef86d800607e909c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486847077.jpg?k=e66826fe0cb42e36ca4c59cbde1b43f682b8f2c8914202389a59f6a154f053e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490666171.jpg?k=3330586d574730375202bd7f5d362000a36bdf86188547ecce0e8974d97f6b15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490665784.jpg?k=3040d3b253f7bae198adc845d2182e3df0025e401adfdc22638e150f2329a70b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513040199.jpg?k=5e04bcb954c4523381cb735267d9b767fdb872c0999152916ef640308b71f68c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Palma 50 m"\n  - "Ftelea Fishop and Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 100 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 350 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 200 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Esperanza"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Trato cercano y amable. Muy buena ubicación y todo muy limpio”"\n  - name: "Marialuisa"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamentino nel centro di Ksamil, con terrazzino vista mare, pulitissimo, dotato di condizionatore e wifi.
Parcheggio sotto casa che è una grande comodità in questi posti.
Rapporto qualità prezzo top!
Consigliatissimo!”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Es un sitio maravilloso, con unas hermosas vistas, y una ubicación excelente, pero lo mejor el trato con los anfitriones, yo viajé sola pero allí me sentí como en casa, pues me trataron más que como una inquilina, como una amiga o familia, me...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ramaj-apartment-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis property offers air-conditioned accommodations that come with the added luxury of a balcony, providing stunning garden views that promise a serene retreat. The apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room, and a well-equipped kitchen, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. Entertainment needs are met with the provision of a flat-screen TV, and the commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures the comfort of all guests.

Convenience is further enhanced by the availability of a minimarket on-site, making it easy for guests to grab essentials without having to venture far. For those traveling with children, the apartment goes above and beyond by offering both indoor and outdoor play areas, ensuring that younger guests are entertained. Additionally, an outdoor fireplace provides a cozy spot for guests to unwind after a day of cycling or exploring the surrounding area.

Transportation needs are seamlessly addressed with airport transfer services and the option to rent bicycles, allowing guests to explore at their own pace. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making Ramaj Apartment Ksamil an accessible choice for international travelers.

In summary, Ramaj Apartment Ksamil stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse in the local culture and natural beauty of Ksamil.