---\ntitle: "Ramel Hotel"\ndescription: "Ramel Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196371759.jpg?k=2c477d9a42da88198cd2f8fa5824440e585e3e7d29d92d9f2bc19816be4d0f1b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ramel-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Spiro Dedja, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.332037\n  lng: 19.818246\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 389\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196371759.jpg?k=2c477d9a42da88198cd2f8fa5824440e585e3e7d29d92d9f2bc19816be4d0f1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/244993915.jpg?k=88e229ccb465d2211c432e6f3ffbd1d12f3a1d0cede8414f46d65be5591acec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196371826.jpg?k=0ccd062559ff5cf9d48363957603e8a298c84d2f1e57504ec807bb2e2d2ab51b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245030291.jpg?k=f18705a6e1d483c3dca4b13e2c39241dcf21210c8b2069b48d5eb1131631cfd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196371819.jpg?k=55c7ff39a3057375310b3a82ef0e65d3e6e809a98327cdc78834165b635592a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245030692.jpg?k=3daa359f6cd12bd2586808d6c37c77bb16da1986026f0b506cbc1d7655954bda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236835323.jpg?k=49b314e8abece55a51ff1be1597b0f48fe4509892c358c12756beb40e170a08d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/196371793.jpg?k=d4dccb55e68a3bfe3bb8ec63194c457a6d27016c6aeb2d0df0b02000e06ae972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245030986.jpg?k=62cabf714a737298817ff72b791763a8ce34d48ef85387836dc89e7d990078f8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Magic Hand 30 m"\n  - "Mon Cheri Coffee Shop 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was centrally located with few steps to the historical sights, restaurants and supermarket. We very appreciated the kindness of the staff as this made as valued as customers. The free late check-out wasn't a problem at all. We were...”"\n  - name: "Mary"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely modern hotel clean and fresh towels every day. Close to city centre. Breakfast was good and plentiful. Special mention to Dennis so friendly and knowledgeable about the area so we're the front of desk staff.”"\n  - name: "Lisa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We spent 2 nights in this hotel and found it a great base for exploring Tirana. It was easy to find and only a few minutes walk from the main square. We arrived early and were still able to check in and access the room. It was cosy and the bed was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ramel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned accommodations that boast not only a view of the bustling city but also a range of amenities designed for a restful stay. Each room is equipped with a comfortable seating area, a flat-screen TV featuring an array of satellite channels, and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries and a bidet, ensuring a blend of luxury and practicality. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in every room adds a touch of home comfort to the hotel experience.

Strategically positioned, Ramel Hotel offers easy access to notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the rich cultural tapestry of the area. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 kilometers away, with the hotel providing a paid shuttle service for seamless travel arrangements.

In summary, Ramel Hotel stands out as a prime accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility to the city's most cherished landmarks.