---\ntitle: "RAMIS Hotel & Outdoor Sports Center"\ndescription: "RAMIS Hotel & Outdoor Sports Center emerges as a distinguished 3-star haven in Përmet, boasting a prime beachfront location that effortlessly combines comfort with adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111431744.jpg?k=e110d515dd2c598ab094d103e27979416f7f081cb392f6f3d8a214b5061db249&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ramis-hotel-outdoor-sports-center\naddress: "Near the Rock of the City, 6400 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.23809063\n  lng: 20.35167664\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 235\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111431744.jpg?k=e110d515dd2c598ab094d103e27979416f7f081cb392f6f3d8a214b5061db249&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68174187.jpg?k=9d66e00fca3120858259da1fd2be316dd37b4e9f841134211e301e266541dbd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/115188974.jpg?k=1cf391e86000b28cf854a41301f9f54023296103c8c7a1b13edfdbc5f0b25b5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109522757.jpg?k=9c69e6793e3ac37dac98cf657a0ce8b50f8b3afe13b52fdfb82910ade1600521&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/66594954.jpg?k=1fb8ff85546e50810e83047badea91130d0f3b89d3a7e89111f69a05774dcbd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/115190438.jpg?k=09b37027958fc5d27191c8ff7467b258578a3af38b0005ec07c97f946e0b3b86&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Parku 350 m"\n  - "piazza 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff, they are very friendly and accomodating. Just few minutes walk from City Stone. Heaters in the room were amazing, they kept 1 degree cold away and we had a cozy sleep. Location is just walking distance to the market and we...”"\n  - name: "Sandro"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“People were really friendly and it was a great experience. Permet is beautiful”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the room was wonderful wirh stunning views. at Vjosa Valley.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ramizi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at RAMIS are treated to accommodations that prioritize comfort and convenience, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, balcony, and an en-suite bathroom with a shower. The attention to detail ensures a stay that is both comfortable and secure.

Culinary needs are met with a variety of breakfast options each morning, including buffet, continental, and vegetarian selections, catering to diverse tastes and dietary requirements.

For those seeking to explore the surrounding area, RAMIS Hotel & Outdoor Sports Center facilitates adventure with bike and car rental services, making it an ideal base for cycling enthusiasts and guests eager to discover the local landscape.

Situated 90 km from Ioannina Airport, the hotel also offers convenient airport transfers, ensuring a seamless travel experience from arrival to departure. With its combination of serene accommodations, comprehensive amenities, and a focus on outdoor activities, RAMIS Hotel & Outdoor Sports Center stands out as a premier choice for travelers visiting Përmet.