---\ntitle: "Rapos Resort Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover unparalleled luxury and service at the Rapos Resort Hotel, a premier destination for travelers seeking an exceptional seaside escape."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127143.jpg?k=aaa23d512d0b8abb6bf90e2ffaaa6c3a2b1d74105c50cb951030c372b65a76c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rapos-resort-hotel\naddress: "Himare, Potam, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.09370026\n  lng: 19.75765121\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 169\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 7.7\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127143.jpg?k=aaa23d512d0b8abb6bf90e2ffaaa6c3a2b1d74105c50cb951030c372b65a76c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127175.jpg?k=b8d228f0741e98996baac27445ee094ba3643edb83edfdd07966b65c0714f276&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462057936.jpg?k=c5ab91e6b12d9628613fba44459c2f8607b457c3a99fbfbb4eced0c3c05b9461&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462057934.jpg?k=a4e59cf97897573635390b221c8f2d39359d89a6764f9e95272d0d9223b3c636&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127099.jpg?k=92a7278846fb0d3947fabeea3c170abe991485aaf6b9b9dc68f9db893bd8fe10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127183.jpg?k=96898ae0e510c85dd432cd5495409f632361f8a621f29da7150f147eca0eb39d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471127119.jpg?k=4411cb1500c9debc8e239add86bae4856ce671655e812260bfd44f67ce55133c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462057874.jpg?k=c56680ed89e6c4e0775afe395beee55a3d8bb3f07c2bc0ca82fa02a8b0bf5e6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462057924.jpg?k=0d535ed2ef349afa60b32c87bc07348f8176ac301acee40b70d19a52c5b5ed6e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rapos A la Carte 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Velco 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Potam Beach 200 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 850 m"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 950 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Francisca"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Great staff and great hotel with really nice conditions”"\n  - name: "Aneliese"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“Pool was great, nice and quiet travelled end of September”"\n  - name: "Michelle"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Is clean, the pool facility is very good. You can get a ride to the beach. Nice staff”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rapos-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into rooms that are the epitome of comfort and style, each equipped with air conditioning, a minibar, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for your entertainment needs. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to your day. The allure of the sea is never far away, with most rooms offering breathtaking views of the endless blue horizon.

Culinary delights await at the resort's restaurant, where a fusion of traditional Albanian flavors and international cuisine is served on a terrace that invites diners to relax under the sky. Whether it's a meal with family or a romantic dinner for two, the setting is perfect for any occasion.

For families, the proximity to a children's playground ensures that the little ones are entertained, while adults can enjoy the vibrant nightlife with a night club just a leisurely stroll away. Convenience is also considered, with a grocery store located nearby for any essentials or snacks.

Adventure seekers will find the tourist agency's offerings of excursions to historic sites enticing, adding a touch of exploration to the vacation. For those looking to feel the adrenaline, jet ski rentals are available at the beach, promising an exhilarating experience on the waves.

Accessibility is seamless, with local buses stopping a few steps from the resort, ensuring that the main bus stop and the wider region, including the Ferry Port in Saranda for trips to Corfu Island, are within easy reach.

Rapos Resort Hotel not only promises a stay filled with luxury and relaxation but also serves as a gateway to the rich culture and breathtaking landscapes of Himare. It's more than a hotel; it's a destination that enriches your travel experience.