---\ntitle: "REA Beach House"\ndescription: "REA Beach House, located in the vibrant city of Durrës, offers a refreshing retreat just moments away from the pristine shores of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471309557.jpg?k=a9fbdc189046bca92dc01f4fef0ce3146b10bf7fd2c04e79c6c5a1f5af7f9eaa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rea-beach-house\naddress: "Rruga Poseidon, Durres, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2820141\n  lng: 19.51341364\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471309557.jpg?k=a9fbdc189046bca92dc01f4fef0ce3146b10bf7fd2c04e79c6c5a1f5af7f9eaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471309695.jpg?k=cfa5924c94cea175bb4516e913bd5d065d66e54a13893a9af139a13eff4a2ce9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473082033.jpg?k=2801ea3706575f6fde59724d97a7238c22a2bb152ded9d472707b640dbb08421&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471662013.jpg?k=bd445a4177740c0bbdf7922199632bde8b4e1dcd299fec51a66a9c5466c728cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471900551.jpg?k=d6db30d628906584caf7902d1a51e2a0bd2e74f420f1ae450449e90b8218adb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471592887.jpg?k=c4937badf305fbe73ed54fc095ebcd2fa9e2c40276f48b794d7b1258c4434b0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471724569.jpg?k=7dfb9dd2e567741b2c511c404f8a4929da2a7927c46e2359424b2968a09693aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473081877.jpg?k=ce40af0990af5234ba736d92729eac278a0cd665d937ba0e30f14a8201f4c595&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488389686.jpg?k=a0e0d4f5e1f6a4a83468c1acd57c5139a2af26047da2bdaac8a0cfff6dcd9bf1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (52 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Devi 50 m"\n  - "Tirona 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 150 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ardit"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I really liked staying at REA Beach House . It was located in a really beautiful location. The amenities are new and the host Erdi is really helpful. I would recommend everyone to come and stay in this apartment and enjoy what it offers. Thank you...”"\n  - name: "Luljeta"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“L espace la propreté e l à proximité avec la mère.”"\n  - name: "Oran"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Mi sono trovato molto bene il proprietario gentilissimo disponibile appartamento in ordine torno volentieri ogni anno grazie di tutto mi sono trovato molto ma veramente molto bene”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rea-beach-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property features a generously sized apartment that opens up to a balcony with picturesque garden views. Inside, the apartment is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a microwave and a fridge. The presence of two bathrooms, each with a bath, adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. The outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals while enjoying views of the tranquil street, enhancing the overall dining experience.

For those seeking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, REA Beach House serves as an excellent base. Golem Beach is a short drive away, offering another splendid option for beach enthusiasts. Meanwhile, the historic Skanderbeg Square is within reach for a day trip, located 41 km from the apartment. Adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 45 km away, an enticing attraction, offering breathtaking views from above. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje, a notable landmark, is just 1.1 km from the property, promising an intriguing visit.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 36 km away, ensuring easy access for international travelers. REA Beach House stands out as a prime choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the natural and cultural beauty of Durrës.