---\ntitle: "Real Scampis Hotel"\ndescription: "Real Scampis Hotel, situated a mere 40 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square in Elbasan, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146696741.jpg?k=a3bf7d45fde182db1760b5d64f8a966fe433764d90ad68ea0138b7ff486378b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: real-scampis-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Xhafer Kongoli, 8524 Elbasan, Albania"\ncity: "Elbasan"\nlocation: "Elbasan"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.11397838\n  lng: 20.07981599\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 335\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146696741.jpg?k=a3bf7d45fde182db1760b5d64f8a966fe433764d90ad68ea0138b7ff486378b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464138522.jpg?k=024ec9c21121db98885c34e60441d057da42cbf4c56fb284bff4ba2ff081582a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464138451.jpg?k=6de2de88d10c11eeab1f3ebe52b82248fef9ab77143cf5a812a03d62991177ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464138423.jpg?k=690b478a9dfe2a5c3936d3996a74bdcfa934adac2aaf0724d80b719e69d1ca35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464138306.jpg?k=f41ea3717d514d98740b3eb367cd8bd172f597529e9898c01cebbf697ead50d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464138536.jpg?k=3a2579cd07eb0d012c718ee6a8ea62c4cde24caca0a420176adf355a315f146e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Perla 30 m"\n  - "NFole & Coctail 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 55 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Damien"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location with great views. The breakfast was lovely and an added bonus.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The walls around the hotel give a castle feel to it that is very pleasant, complete with beautiful gardens and a restaurant. The room is ok, the bed is fine but the shower is not good. Breakfast is tasty once you locate staff to provide it for...”"\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I have to admit, we didn't expect much as we arrived as this was one of the cheaper hotels of our stay and we booked it as we were staying for a half marathon the next day. We were so pleasantly surprised, the location was absolutely perfect and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/real-scampis.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Real Scampis Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room boasts a private balcony, offering a personal outdoor space for guests to enjoy. The inclusion of modern conveniences such as free WiFi, flat-screen TVs, and complimentary toiletries in every room ensures a stay that combines both luxury and practicality.

Culinary desires are well catered to at the hotel's on-site restaurant, where a diverse menu features Italian, Mediterranean, and Pizza cuisines. The restaurant prides itself on accommodating various dietary preferences, with vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options readily available upon request.

Families will be delighted to find that Real Scampis Hotel is equipped with a children's playground, making it an ideal option for guests traveling with young ones. 

For those looking to explore the surrounding area, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located 42 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Additionally, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 39 km from the hotel, providing a fascinating glimpse into the country's past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated 52 km from the hotel, making Real Scampis Hotel an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.