---\ntitle: "Red Goat Hostel"\ndescription: "Red Goat Hostel emerges as a vibrant hub for travelers in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of communal spirit and private comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462134843.jpg?k=3573dad9e60a7587fa9a50ac940659cf4401b8884f95f6dd42397aa13a50f2fe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: red-goat-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frashëri Nr.6, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32754434\n  lng: 19.80725515\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 268\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462134843.jpg?k=3573dad9e60a7587fa9a50ac940659cf4401b8884f95f6dd42397aa13a50f2fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475248250.jpg?k=b74fa4d76a9e88778a1ed3b4fb14e0c1dbda414d4f88581081085215f9665f03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475246867.jpg?k=d62a118d23e61730d071246cfd7c92bfa0504331eefde011f9878663bd5dedcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475248384.jpg?k=84a00645c3c0add238988a1c8b928a40b55cd208238336fdbf89a197648809a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475248652.jpg?k=40718165ff404476a7177f5f711b53de8d66aa196db8b472c251fec7e6e2885c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462134889.jpg?k=4fc56ea85cdb665064885964b26cb134bcaf2d391b189172b64104c9d547ea50&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Female Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Double Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tek Zgara Tirones 1 40 m"\n  - "Sofra Turke 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Camila"\n    country: "Colombia"\n    text: "“Review of Red Goat Hostel in Tirana, Albania:
My stay at Red Goat Hostel in Tirana was truly delightful. Laura, the host, was incredibly friendly and hospitable, ensuring that I felt welcomed and comfortable throughout my time there. The...”"\n  - name: "Svenja"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Laura is really the best host, the hostel is beautiful and clean and there are lovely pets to hang around with and a nice chill out area. In general a place with a good energy!”"\n  - name: "Antti"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Wonderful host! Great breakfast. Clean accommodation.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/red-goat-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Red Goat Hostel are thoughtfully designed to cater to diverse needs, featuring rooms with patios for those who appreciate a breath of fresh air. Select rooms also boast a kitchen equipped with a fridge, ensuring that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. Moreover, all rooms are furnished with essential bed linen and towels, emphasizing the hostel's attention to detail.

Morning risers are greeted with vegetarian and vegan breakfast options, a testament to the hostel's commitment to accommodating various dietary preferences. For those keen on exploring Tirana on two wheels, Red Goat Hostel facilitates this adventure by offering bike hire services, with the area being renowned for its cycling-friendly routes.

Strategically located, the hostel is within proximity to several of Tirana's attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for guests eager to explore the city's rich history and vibrant culture. Additionally, the convenience of being just 14 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

In essence, Red Goat Hostel is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the lively essence of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of thoughtful amenities and a welcoming atmosphere.