---\ntitle: "Redsun City Center Apartment"\ndescription: "Redsun City Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136467.jpg?k=f3faf114cc4c8ed7ced5b4128465f394e8a5b7d2e29fdff8b13e189fab65cace&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: redsun-city-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali, 6th floor, at Pavaresia University, next to Conad Supermarket., Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46281945\n  lng: 19.48911769\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136467.jpg?k=f3faf114cc4c8ed7ced5b4128465f394e8a5b7d2e29fdff8b13e189fab65cace&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459339293.jpg?k=7513018c3bcedba4e1cd8f1c15bcce0b120cff4057c9bc3e25254b9712fb4bb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136422.jpg?k=a8ca83f999faa96bd28063212516c04eeff4e4d2d7e20e9478b8a50f0925b99f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136492.jpg?k=8f493263673feb27f4267eb90d3bf474abf3ae718931b587d714f9394c062358&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136514.jpg?k=36d75d325abd7030f074a9330f1779167cb8b35298d94fe45cfea0d7269c5722&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460897542.jpg?k=bca0d9d8b1d3609f3339c613f2d7b247996f3a5f1b86e14017c0ff34777e1ca9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136500.jpg?k=1275bf15f50485bd4b3213522086bb0ffcc5f47ad1fc9b237f0f346e7be4fdd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458136484.jpg?k=65fcb95b4187d5ee4b557a2d588f7b967545c8ac9c93db99882a0e093053fe4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460895756.jpg?k=b1d18a1170224fa4cb5f217a9f1b481d9ce0b7103a19189e76f033d570206c94&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sophie 20 m"\n  - "Sky 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.7 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 650 m"\n  - "Independence Square 900 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Xavi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment is clean and tidy, plenty of storage room. WIFI connection is stable and good. Redi, the host, is super helpful and gave us all the information needed. We had an issue with the electricity and he solved it pretty quickly, offering us...”"\n  - name: "Venera"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Big apartment, great location! Very nice host, easy communication. All good.”"\n  - name: "Shan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Host is very responsive and helpful location is prime it is close to every where and we feel safe to walk out at night the security of the building is really good as because you need the key to enter the elevator”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/redsun-city-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a slice of home with its spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room adorned with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that offers tranquil street views. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances including an oven and a fridge, ensuring guests can prepare meals with ease. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds to the convenience, while the private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to privacy.

Beyond the comfort of the apartment, guests will appreciate the practical amenities that enhance the stay experience. The property boasts a lift for easy access, a minimarket for essentials, and the indispensable free WiFi that covers the entire property, ensuring that both leisure and business travelers stay connected.

Located just 1.6 km from the iconic Kuzum Baba and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 150 km away, Redsun City Center Apartment is not only accessible but also a non-smoking haven for those who value cleanliness and fresh air.

For those in search of a comfortable, well-appointed base in Vlorë, Redsun City Center Apartment offers a compelling blend of home-like amenities and a location that puts the best of the city within easy reach.