---\ntitle: "Regina Blu"\ndescription: "Discover the hidden gem of Regina Blu, where luxury meets the serene beauty of the Ionian Sea."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404582.jpg?k=b59e57fe172b45f49a6cf87fa210041a443b5e4477aea8a9f9581ede4bcb8b63&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: regina-blu\naddress: "Radhime, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.36252603\n  lng: 19.48080897\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 604\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404582.jpg?k=b59e57fe172b45f49a6cf87fa210041a443b5e4477aea8a9f9581ede4bcb8b63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464610838.jpg?k=26236eef5396563497d7afec7a9e0632cd05c1cb9945acdf1290acf6303c3190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464892148.jpg?k=d28d9ea178641e3bfdb45eff8d12226654d6bb67921f3f66c71a37a8b83aa964&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404613.jpg?k=86ebc88440c9a0f749b20ba3921f6240af77a62028b0894b9fdbae533dc4da2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404583.jpg?k=3f5f18ffe1852eb64573092e7dfa78b41b2fa822adec35fc9a778b73c6d0d083&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257382797.jpg?k=d6788834114f29976751d31cffa34315c3c8964a295201bbff07fbbbf9b605dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404503.jpg?k=03d759648b6707caa591f92ff7b4bdae4fa212a79e9d6f070d55727aa40cf6ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404481.jpg?k=d07bb8e0ebfa92575a4dd5936ce91b90b4978e5e373c189a49d62d418c687163&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464404563.jpg?k=e837ad421d3237403aa15318065098b23e647b0edaf2300bee4106de05926e1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Qendra E Peshkimit 100 m"\n  - "Qendra e Peshkimit 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 40 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 12 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anastasiia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The best place for holidays for sure! As soon as we arrived we fell in love with this hotel and location. It looks exactly the same like on the pictures. We asked to be on a higher floor and receptionist kindly changed it for us. The room was...”"\n  - name: "Cena"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“10/10 hotel. The room had a perfect sea view and a private pool, it was clean, the food was delicious, the staff was helpful and Jetlir the bar guy at the beach was so friendly, we thank him so much!”"\n  - name: "Riman"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had the best room with the most amazing views! Lovely staff, yummy food! Great Atmosphere”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/regina.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a stay that feels akin to celebrity luxury, with each air-conditioned room boasting panoramic balconies that offer an unobstructed view of the glistening waters below. The rooms are thoughtfully equipped with satellite TV and a fridge, ensuring comfort and convenience. The modern showers in the en-suite bathrooms add a touch of sophistication to the overall experience.

Dining at Regina Blu is an adventure in itself, with the on-site restaurant offering a menu that skillfully combines Albanian and Italian cuisine, perfectly paired with a selection of quality wines. For those looking to unwind with a drink, the cocktail bar provides a cozy atmosphere, while the gift shop offers unique souvenirs to remember your stay.

Located just 2 km from the quaint town of Radhime, Regina Blu is conveniently positioned for guests wishing to explore the local area. Despite its secluded feel, the hotel is accessible, with Tirana’s Mother Theresa International Airport only a four-hour drive away.

Regina Blu stands out as a destination that promises not just a place to stay, but an experience to be cherished, making it a must-visit for travelers seeking both tranquility and a touch of luxury by the sea.