---\ntitle: "Regina City Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Regina City Hotel & SPA stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury right across the pristine shores of Vlorë, offering guests an unparalleled experience of relaxation and leisure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285141770.jpg?k=7d24cad313ea82867323db851481132fb9d172c2c71e05cf4b0a4fb0d64fde80&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: regina-city-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, Lagjja Uji Ftohtë, Kulla Nr.2, Kati 1-5-6-7-8(9 nen), 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43754932\n  lng: 19.4964553\nprice: "US$92"\npriceFrom: 92\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 531\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/285141770.jpg?k=7d24cad313ea82867323db851481132fb9d172c2c71e05cf4b0a4fb0d64fde80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388195955.jpg?k=e328830497920e56ee4a68ea0f241f201358b042591d4a6f08001ef24e128083&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514744891.jpg?k=cfc832c85ff918711d90011ea4ebb6a62dde4df00aa250ed3c5567e098040c88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388200315.jpg?k=73e8c9a7da0e34be45da3f50e6fd499e9ab8528d1503cc5c4ad07c2ab070e4a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388196302.jpg?k=48e678c5a28e438233e515cb5655be06ede49ded4852b311a240235654d159a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388200209.jpg?k=9a6a884bae7818a936ac6717ce703ee5475e936d31403aaa49da552e1dad1f9a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujar 50 m"\n  - "Aurora Real 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 600 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.1 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 150 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alvin"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Rooftop was nice. The staff at reception was really helpful”"\n  - name: "Bora"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent service, facilities, location.
Very clean and excellent cleanning services.”"\n  - name: "Janet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff were so friendly and helped to make our stay so special - thank you”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/regina-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Regina City Hotel & SPA is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and bathrooms equipped with either a bath or shower for unwinding after a day of exploration. For added convenience, guests are treated to thoughtful touches such as slippers and a hairdryer.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service, with a 24-hour front desk ready to assist guests at any hour. For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, rental bicycles are available, albeit at a surcharge. Additionally, the hotel facilitates car hire and airport shuttle services for a seamless travel experience, available for an extra fee.

One of the highlights of Regina City Hotel & SPA is its exclusive outdoor pool, where guests can lounge and soak in the stunning sea views. For beach enthusiasts, the hotel offers a private beach area, ensuring a serene and exclusive seaside experience. Moreover, the property is equipped with water sports facilities, inviting guests to partake in exhilarating activities such as diving and fishing, promising an adventure-filled stay.

Located just 3.8 km from the historic Kuzum Baba and 149 km from Tirana Airport, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage and natural beauty of the region.

Regina City Hotel & SPA is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a blend of relaxation, adventure, and luxury, making it a top choice for travelers seeking an unforgettable experience in Vlorë.