---\ntitle: "Regis Apartment"\ndescription: "Regis Apartment emerges as a freshly renovated gem in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504585449.jpg?k=0c2d486936c3c1f0c204012ea03a60ffc25b8be6ccb4cfc9443f7f0ce84eca3e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: regis-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjik Kuqali, pallati 4, shkalla 1, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31677782\n  lng: 19.81084357\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504585449.jpg?k=0c2d486936c3c1f0c204012ea03a60ffc25b8be6ccb4cfc9443f7f0ce84eca3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504585151.jpg?k=862e01501cdea5553fae8afaa9dc454f160481135400bc2b2c64698630960cd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503920448.jpg?k=d236a75e73e5a52fc7e8e3edc5958923b9f802b75d94ea97de27fb385334a053&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504585386.jpg?k=97335673aa20a0783784dce53e33c499bb2332c856921a6435ee8021fae36201&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502436002.jpg?k=231245a2a3b8ca29c0e5e708ca67dbb5dbe20505c6c4337377ef1806013df04a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502897742.jpg?k=4a8c4975c7f790f1c697ece002bfe263b80e79dd89b4f0e1bff0260c7f944d37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504585244.jpg?k=baa76b825d069a13d65454c91566439e28bf8dfbe22647f631c1c8e50eaed73f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503920416.jpg?k=be18ca4b39db68ef11d652bf4df90aac8ad85c8043b8eb65a3911343451c1bdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523551453.jpg?k=0382e0c3f9a1e51d99d49ab550400fd8f566f040371d71c292dbbd3398274e6c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mad Lounge 50 m"\n  - "Ennio Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 300 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dzianis"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“This is an excellent option for accommodation in the capital. The apartment has everything (and even more). The hosts are impeccable. Very clean and comfortable. There is everything you need nearby - shops (including 10 meters from the house),...”"\n  - name: "Patrycja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A cozy and well-equipped apartment in close proximity to one of Tirana's most interesting neighborhoods, Blokku, full of colorful cafes and food places. The apartment itself is very cozy, clean, with a large comfortable bed, properly equipped...”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La posizione ,l arredamento con letto molto comodo,la.dotazione completa della.cucina , le coperte ed i cuscini extra in camera ,la frutta di ben venuto”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/regis-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious bedroom, a well-appointed bathroom, and a living area that combines a sleek, fully equipped kitchen with a cozy dining space. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels ensures that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering sweeping views of the city—a perfect spot for morning coffee or evening relaxation.

Privacy and convenience are paramount at Regis Apartment, with private check-in and check-out services streamlining the arrival and departure process. The addition of a minimarket on the premises and complimentary WiFi throughout the property adds layers of ease to the guest experience. Moreover, the non-smoking environment ensures a clean and healthy stay.

For those keen on exploring Tirana's vibrant surroundings, Regis Apartment serves as an ideal base. Cycling enthusiasts will find the area inviting, with numerous trails and paths to explore. Cultural landmarks such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Rinia Park are within easy reach, enriching the stay with opportunities for cultural immersion.

Located 6.8 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment balances tranquility with accessibility, making it a prime choice for travelers seeking to experience the best of Tirana. Whether it's the thoughtful touches like complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies, or the outdoor dining area that allows guests to dine under the stars, Regis Apartment is more than just a place to stay—it's a gateway to the rich tapestry of Tirana's history, culture, and natural beauty.