---\ntitle: "Rei Apartament"\ndescription: "Rei Apartament stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, coupled with breathtaking sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478236850.jpg?k=7cc63cde3591e3eb739ffa0d1245e48c4684333a11ff825231520aa9bda21db3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rei-apartament\naddress: "Street Abedin Dino Floor 7, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87384242\n  lng: 20.00231355\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478236850.jpg?k=7cc63cde3591e3eb739ffa0d1245e48c4684333a11ff825231520aa9bda21db3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898430.jpg?k=ce6b0c7c79a5b7b285db17da965c8b11e7928fb3f7d95793c008531712c5c54f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471899010.jpg?k=f53e8c26b4310bb309e16a36a2b8659ad2849654f45a0ab5d86a36e9ec458d73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898318.jpg?k=71ff583b429b6ec5841910d503718b4311d0ded22781eff3767f6170b936daaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898374.jpg?k=fe0ccaee4b9c44160c8d2405aea4c1cb170c98620059cbf48900e1bc3af7e3bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478362993.jpg?k=e64f713d55f62c4efb72c2d8f4249656fe7c564fbcb17733b769182ec71877e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898578.jpg?k=e6b7be8f91e7aafb7f0f125c52e81824d8a1e9405a340cbb7c1306bf97776893&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471898714.jpg?k=3696696da4cc6d1ed5e24df5eab4b5d0e3008eab9efdfd46a939e7bb25cc35ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478365256.jpg?k=1cf39539c2c7c1c1a772327aa27f18f62dffffa1cc1b692182af55e60381757f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (43 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Fish-Time 10 m"\n  - "Shiza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eugenio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“It was very clean, it had a great view. And the position was near the seaside street. Only problem is the parking (we went on august so it’s understandable)”"\n  - name: "Mohammed"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Enjoyed every aspect of the staying. Stunning view, spacious apartment near to all the services. Lovely owners, available anytime. Hope to come back again soon!”"\n  - name: "Ronaldo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Beautiful facility, large and clean, MOSED VIEW!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/reis-apartament-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchenette. Here, guests have everything they need at their fingertips, from an oven and microwave to a washing machine, toaster, and fridge. The highlight, however, is the outdoor dining area, where guests can savor a meal against the backdrop of stunning mountain views, with the added touch of complimentary fruits to enhance their stay.

For those who might need a quick snack or essential items, the convenience of an on-site minimarket cannot be overstated. Moreover, Rei Apartament is perfectly positioned for guests eager to explore Sarandë, offering easy access to activities such as walking tours that allow visitors to immerse themselves in the local culture and scenery.

The property is also strategically located within walking distance to other popular beaches, including Saranda City Beach, just 700 meters away, and La Petite Beach, situated 1.5 km from the apartment. For guests arriving from further afield, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 97 km away, making Rei Apartament an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Rei Apartament is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and vibrancy of Sarandë, offering all the comforts of home in a picturesque setting.