---\ntitle: "Reina Suite"\ndescription: "Reina Suite emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920210.jpg?k=9cf5ac35449271ee68378749e97d5c8d3beb98c42002d6c8de49cf6d52b31f7b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: reina-suite\naddress: "Lagjia 13, rruga Pavaresia, Ura e Dajlanit Plazh Durrës, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31458848\n  lng: 19.4712376\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920210.jpg?k=9cf5ac35449271ee68378749e97d5c8d3beb98c42002d6c8de49cf6d52b31f7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920350.jpg?k=4a591d4ce094bcc56056092dee82cb948ba37a0335cd074446126b610c3de657&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920294.jpg?k=36356217d2f84fd9973c11f14abbc6069544aa6b44039ee3e5656e79832f71c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920389.jpg?k=1bb7c9908584d39e4fe15903f0ed2404c49944b563af83f50caa4d41e58bd905&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920355.jpg?k=34cd58cce8c9d1ddd09ccd66d26131562b053e84899de7a6ba83b85805906bbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920307.jpg?k=f8be63d5cf9a7869086b3655151928b308ad25ec8fca6513cde3487ba38e62cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920337.jpg?k=40c6dabdaae3505b89a9cdbe690e92ab23703ec372b5a14f2444fe5d14aaa406&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920374.jpg?k=8bd3c45ce78058a00405a3ef32efccd9cfca2b4ca8aa51101232fb0cef1739bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470920265.jpg?k=854671763cacaecfb47ef979713943e4244a78c8f3fd4d1b97adb0eb2a87ad71&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gloria Restorant 150 m"\n  - "Friends 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 8 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monta"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Viss bija izcili! Lielisks dzīvoklis, atrašanās vieta - blakus jūrai.”"\n  - name: "Aleksandr"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Very friendly landlady. We rested with my family for the first time in Albania, she tried her best to help us with various issues.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/reina-suite.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe allure of Reina Suite is further magnified by its beachfront location, offering guests direct access to a balcony where the rhythmic sounds of the sea set the scene for relaxation. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the seamless experience envisioned for every guest. Notably, the suite boasts a hot tub and elevator access, catering to those who seek relaxation coupled with ease of mobility.

Designed with space and elegance in mind, the apartment features a single, well-appointed bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting cable channels, and a kitchen that leaves no culinary desire unmet. With a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and toaster at guests' disposal, the suite invites a homely feel. The option to dine al fresco while soaking in the breathtaking sea views elevates the dining experience, ensuring memorable meals under the sky.

For those intrigued by the local attractions, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located 41 km away, offering an adventure for the daring, while the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 7.9 km from the suite, presents a closer exploration option. Convenience is key, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport situated just 31 km away, making Reina Suite an accessible haven for both international and local travelers.

In essence, Reina Suite is not just an accommodation but a gateway to a tranquil and luxurious beachfront experience, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable, without the intrusion of smoke, ensuring a pure and refreshing environment.