---\ntitle: "Relax Inn Hotel Durres"\ndescription: "Relax Inn Hotel Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496949275.jpg?k=ef37fd6d143eede5bfb5ed992e412995ece48319e8d3fd3cc36d41de2fda21f6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: relax-inn-hotel-durres\naddress: "2008 Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31540815\n  lng: 19.47114285\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496949275.jpg?k=ef37fd6d143eede5bfb5ed992e412995ece48319e8d3fd3cc36d41de2fda21f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496949379.jpg?k=d3a1894efa80650270bbe99cd48e8628383e62ffdbfb60b148df0629a38b76d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496948627.jpg?k=be5bbec57b76b938940b7f6994ae7d3986ec2e206b35592e26e50807191adf9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496949258.jpg?k=e2c385e694b034c2beca5d40e59ca56383ff8dac46d55e45bad54096eee54772&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496948593.jpg?k=ce0fa787273815527c77962c1bd39e6f9d947898475161dd2ea30cf44d17a96d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496949244.jpg?k=66d2204abd8fee5c3df44952df30b684315400864bc4555522a70a766ce71c20&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Niku Restorant 100 m"\n  - "Gloria Restorant 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maciej_pl_"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff and great location close to the beach.
Hot breakfast on 5th bar floor was good, juice and coffee included. Great stay throughout!”"\n  - name: "Shiann"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The hotel is very new and very close to a fabulpus beach. As well, it is walking distance from the center city and the ferry. The owners/host were incredibly helpful and friendly. I will stay there again and will definitely recommend it to...”"\n  - name: "Petr"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Absolutely more than we expected.
Very friendly staff!
Very spacious room and wonderfull bathroom with various accessories (scuh as slippers or dental-kit). Very comfortable beds.
I´ve never been in room with 2 balconies.
Tasty handmade...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-inn-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon stepping into the air-conditioned sanctuaries, guests are greeted with well-appointed rooms that promise a restful stay. Each room, designed with the guest's comfort in mind, features a private bathroom, a desk for those needing to stay connected, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The thoughtful addition of bed linen and towels in each room underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Morning risers are in for a treat with a choice of buffet, à la carte, or continental breakfast options, ensuring a delightful start to the day. For those looking to explore the surroundings, Relax Inn Hotel Durres offers bike and car rental services, making it a breeze to venture out into the area known for its cycling-friendly routes.

Situated 37 km from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and 41 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the local attractions. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 31 km away, coupled with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensures seamless travel arrangements for international guests.

In essence, Relax Inn Hotel Durres stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a blend of leisure and convenience for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture and scenic beauty of Durrës.