---\ntitle: "Relax Hostel"\ndescription: "Relax Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394088607.jpg?k=c50bc8d7a6635fcd95814e91682b1075e3feeac41241f2e74e2007a2488616ae&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: relax-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Mujo Ulqinaku, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32633291\n  lng: 19.80948797\nprice: "US$12"\npriceFrom: 12\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 428\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394088607.jpg?k=c50bc8d7a6635fcd95814e91682b1075e3feeac41241f2e74e2007a2488616ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394088944.jpg?k=6a4568e3410ff517b114f6bcfa54995e1922e9be09a6d8cb7a02af3d92315d2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394088934.jpg?k=dbc74c5819f9adb40ab87f6f96cb057290cd3fdc4e828fd0e5090456da111f5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401352044.jpg?k=7963560ee0e5274e51cdad9a0575b04996907c711f65eac0aacb2e350f07bb50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401281367.jpg?k=66885d7e64e14a6e8934d27a49e75e3e4de3e6d632cc0d22243cc65e41ea42c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/394089092.jpg?k=80d5fbf1d7f6f722516395958a580fbaf0f7b4a6b6b83ca8eb5d957abada3f32&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Palma 100 m"\n  - "Vergnano 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Samuel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“There is a lot to like about this hostel. The check-in process is straightforward, the staff are fantastic, the facilities are really good, and it is only a 10-minute walk from the main area (Skandenberg Square) of Tirana. I would highly recommend...”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was clean and nice. But we got a bunk bed which is not that good , it was so noisy and it was a disturbance in the night. The room was so cold and couldn't find a heating system. But it was okay for 1night stay.”"\n  - name: "Johannes"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Good hostel locates at city centre. Very nice and helpful staff. Man who worked there knows only couple words English but knows Albanian and Italian.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe commitment to guest satisfaction is evident with around-the-clock front desk service, seamless airport transfer options, and the modern necessity of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Each room at Relax Hostel is designed with a patio, ensuring a private outdoor space for guests. The comfort extends indoors with air conditioning and shared bathroom facilities, ensuring a pleasant stay regardless of the weather.

Strategically located, Relax Hostel is within easy reach of significant cultural landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the House of Leaves, and the verdant expanse of Rinia Park. For those arriving by air, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, making Relax Hostel an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana.