---\ntitle: "Relax Mea Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Sarandë at the Relax Mea Hotel, a gem situated just a short stroll from the pristine Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334396204.jpg?k=3640470d14d67d86db3fe112f0a8ad7e6a1fdb236b856b7e3f4a98f3d4e8a348&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: relax-mea-hotel\naddress: "Rruga [Idriz Alidhima] No+68 No_72, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87477061\n  lng: 19.98936405\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 450\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334396204.jpg?k=3640470d14d67d86db3fe112f0a8ad7e6a1fdb236b856b7e3f4a98f3d4e8a348&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328480360.jpg?k=e154954d883b31087cf39d236e8eea2e44bbd921ee48d9364e9ef3f3751f7c43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363760814.jpg?k=a19f7df2bc572e1fea7a5c5e3864af0b44ded7a164b222fc0129c998517e47b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/330060854.jpg?k=31dc2bd39a9687d0fc80ac1d6d734a4048c30d9f040f1f059f3f018e43bae167&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366476190.jpg?k=f6e44c7e1eff27e281a3aa14f4d07773b1db045c6c68c1e4bbb52cf9ed4bfe8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357510464.jpg?k=5a2c1511cf5430559f4f7d9994e9331a352b795a2771e687556f61980a183624&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363725159.jpg?k=b061d564f5fc79d916a9c0e319096812daaea5bf1ba63a2345f17a5a976faa67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/328151848.jpg?k=92656e3f85ca466042dae90d1b5d2d3fc34f0759e1c56a0adb5e48d18f11cd2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363725380.jpg?k=09372434820983eaaf3a9ee012cd4d0afafbc7cc11f41dd18d4a930a504315a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Partial Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Partial Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Erjoni 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Beni Peshkatari 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 350 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 700 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Miranda"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Sitting on the balcony overlooking the port. Our very comfy beds. The friendly staff. Position was perfect for us as we werecatching the ferry.”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Wonderful, clean, bright, modern hotel with very friendly staff. Supermarket around the corner.”"\n  - name: "Bea"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect! Very friendly family! Very clean and well designed rooms!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-mea.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Relax Mea Hotel is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean nights, ample storage with a wardrobe, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms, complete with fresh bed linen and towels, ensure a comfortable stay. Adding to the allure, each room boasts a patio, offering captivating city views, while a fridge in every room adds an extra layer of convenience.

Mornings at Relax Mea Hotel are greeted with a diverse breakfast selection, catering to various tastes with buffet, continental, and halal options. For those eager to explore the local cuisine and culture, the hotel's location serves as the perfect base.

For adventurers and leisure seekers alike, the hotel's proximity to popular fishing spots is a plus, with bike and car rental services readily available for guests wishing to explore further. Saranda Bay Beach, with its inviting waters, is less than 1 km away, making it an easy destination for a day under the sun. Meanwhile, Saranda City Beach offers a different scene at just 1.9 km from the hotel.

Accessibility is seamless, with Ioannina Airport located 98 km away, ensuring that the Relax Mea Hotel is within reach for international and domestic travelers seeking a tranquil retreat in the heart of Sarandë.