---\ntitle: "Relax Apts Saranda"\ndescription: "Relax Apts Saranda emerges as a beacon of comfort and convenience, situated a mere 500 meters from the pristine Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342578841.jpg?k=a234bc9c5a6195dec519f2172db34cb63e8d6aed4a5bf1e74c4190183f34117c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: relax-apts-saranda\naddress: "Rr: Idriz Alidhima, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87498737\n  lng: 19.99093294\nprice: "US$25"\npriceFrom: 25\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 439\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342578841.jpg?k=a234bc9c5a6195dec519f2172db34cb63e8d6aed4a5bf1e74c4190183f34117c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342575526.jpg?k=deee08b62e8a0f1042f8880cd170187f043801c3f496e263d0d783a605392390&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304388103.jpg?k=b11fad2988e70a56ce09c17b82301d2953653315a33310816df68d99f59173e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342770627.jpg?k=8ed29edd12221791f382e9bd5d5522f3dfc10d2d5cac5fcb1ff5bc7eb5ae4139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342880259.jpg?k=a36215989d3cc70add0bedd09bbcce3c0521935c62f84c67117fecb997d3d80c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352228849.jpg?k=799c6e0a7d56843fdefaa30c18bb29ea8d15af92a9c200b2f2e2a8caadc6732d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartments with Sea View"\n  - "Duplex Apartments"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Erjoni 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 350 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 800 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bee"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The location is quite near to the main city center. The apartment is spacious, clean and comfortable with sea view. Helpful host, as there's no lift, so they help with bring up our big and heavy luggage.”"\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“The owner of the apartment was very helpful and friendly. We arrived to the apartment in evening time, when it was dark already. Then we decided to walk to the promenade, which is around 15 minutes walk from the apartment. The owner gave us a ride...”"\n  - name: "Zxsasukeboy"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was perfect. The apartment and the place overrall was very clean and very quiet. The staff was quite friendly and helped me with locations throughout the city. I’d recommend this place to friends and family in the near future!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-apartments-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its commitment to guest security and convenience, offering full-day security, luggage storage, and currency exchange services. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed to be a home away from home, featuring a cozy seating area with a sofa, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the inclusion of a fridge, stovetop, and kitchenware, inviting guests to prepare their own meals as they enjoy the comforts of the apartment.

For those who delight in views, select units offer a terrace or balcony, presenting breathtaking vistas of the sea, a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening reflections. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and worry-free stay.

Adventure and exploration are just around the corner, with sightseeing tours readily available near the property. For guests looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is offered on-site, and the nearby fishing opportunities promise a unique way to experience the local natural beauty.

Located 1.7 km from Saranda City Beach and a short drive from the historical Butrint National Park, Relax Apts Saranda positions itself as a gateway to the wonders of the region. For those traveling from afar, the nearest airport is Ioannina, 98 km away, with the property providing a convenient paid airport shuttle service.

In summary, Relax Apts Saranda stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the natural and historical richness of Sarandë.