---\ntitle: "Relax Station Beach House Velipoja"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Relax Station Beach House Velipoja, a prime destination for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the shores of Shkodër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465640603.jpg?k=a8b4ddf884614ffdc2cdfb8ad2471f5ce2a001a62b36f39a1e1b445acda2f726&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: relax-station-beach-house-velipoja\naddress: "Rruga Shkodër - Velipojë, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86293288\n  lng: 19.41709698\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465640603.jpg?k=a8b4ddf884614ffdc2cdfb8ad2471f5ce2a001a62b36f39a1e1b445acda2f726&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471887375.jpg?k=721b4e6bfe8f26bfec602f4731f0ffa0d8aea9ac6231ee2baf777afd0926863f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471887260.jpg?k=45bae2da8c21233b6758465a428114355324b3745339287e01a2d552b5577973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465641047.jpg?k=716012f1f665eedbede36fc8f8298badd3f442c6c84781676c7f2095c59f78ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465640929.jpg?k=4c54b28d6f588e699f4ceee28077ba13a7a90444e27d7d4cadef55150aa142a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465640830.jpg?k=4c3e7b4ad3b0bcd968e7783b81de069ccff5af24805cec52b4970d9700f7c363&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374394416.jpg?k=105fdab0587bf0eecac55c23338b8c0536d0386c6bb8dfc9fed8329d0bb4e908&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374394415.jpg?k=79b954ce5546b5fd7b145f15211e349f4f96f3d08a17e5d6a5b7e249542d3ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374394412.jpg?k=fca99adc6883dbed721d17206be107f386783343434d95d6ee8eb44ade850cbb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Temali 1 6 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Elita 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 50 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 10 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 11 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 12 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 13 km"\n  - "Tropicana 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 14 km"\n  - "Saranda 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 15 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barbara"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Das Haus ist direkt am Strand, es ist voll ausgestattet zum Selbstversorgen, es sind jedoch auch genug Restaurants und Geschäfte in unmittelbarer Nähe. Am Strand direkt vor dem Haus sind viele Leute, jedoch wenn man 400 Meter weiter geht sind kaum...”"\n  - name: "Besnik-baz"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“La proximité, proche de la plage et la maison en elle même”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/relax-station-beach-house-velipoja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe Relax Station Beach House Velipoja is not just any holiday home; it's a retreat that boasts a well-maintained garden and the luxury of air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. Guests will find themselves in a haven of relaxation with the added benefit of complimentary private parking, making it hassle-free to explore the surrounding beauty at their leisure.

Accommodation here means having access to a shared lounge that encourages socializing and relaxation, alongside a private balcony that promises serene mornings and peaceful evenings overlooking the beachfront. The house itself is designed to cater to every need, featuring two cozy bedrooms and a living space equipped with a flat-screen TV and cable channels for entertainment.

The kitchen is a highlight, fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge. It's perfect for those who enjoy preparing their meals, providing a sense of home away from home. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the stay.

For those who revel in outdoor living, the holiday home doesn't disappoint. An outdoor fireplace and a barbecue set the stage for memorable evenings under the stars, making it an ideal spot for families and friends to gather and create lasting memories.

Situated 29 km from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra and 31 km from the scenic Lake Skadar, the Relax Station Beach House Velipoja serves as a perfect base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscapes of the region. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 83 km away, it remains easily accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Relax Station Beach House Velipoja offers a unique blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit for those planning a getaway to Shkodër.