---\ntitle: "Rent Rooms Kapri"\ndescription: "Rent Rooms Kapri emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Pogradec, situated a mere 6."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357299665.jpg?k=57ad2deb7ca8ea2fecd0b5ee915e3d1949fcd4b49846b56942e30d0c4262c200&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rent-rooms-kapri\naddress: "Rruga Sul Starovari, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89832511\n  lng: 20.67260237\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357299665.jpg?k=57ad2deb7ca8ea2fecd0b5ee915e3d1949fcd4b49846b56942e30d0c4262c200&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527643539.jpg?k=e3fe1695dfcee24b5b787d12c33d5c0f1a709be8b257a665aba77662cbac8ab9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527642747.jpg?k=656aa0fe060ddae9092bbf26e5c232565fb06bfb49f3b56e70f28aa7b6817ebf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527642289.jpg?k=1aa38ea56c41284e282e40d561820748b09b9c8a1d6d5281d99750b15ef2e59c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490914824.jpg?k=cd87f5f86014090cfbc03c9dbbdd244a1d6d9a9b41fa3347ef1ab44626c70a64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490914496.jpg?k=8e794018ee449e5d03d44740105fb911dfd3d3fc5ea96b5b866c6fa6c2d0a56d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Family Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Ani 250 m"\n  - "Waterland Divjaka 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 300 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 13 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Uarda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Bed was very comfortable
Spacious room
Good service
The location is very central, and the facilities are great.”"\n  - name: "Anònim_q"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very clean and wide room. Place to park. Well located (10mns from lake).
Easy to find: there's a sign outside (not common in Albània...)”"\n  - name: "Gisela"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The location is really comfortable to move around in car and to walk to the beach. The room itself was very spacious and well-lit, the bed was very comfortable, and the terrace was beautiful. The bathroom was very typically Albanian and very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rent-rooms-kapri-pogradec12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned accommodation at Rent Rooms Kapri extends onto a private balcony, offering guests a personal oasis. The aparthotel prides itself on its family-friendly atmosphere, further enhanced by the availability of barbecue facilities for a delightful outdoor dining experience.

The accommodations are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with bed linen and towels. For added convenience, all units are soundproof, ensuring a tranquil retreat from the bustling world outside. A fridge in every unit adds a touch of home, making it easy for guests to store snacks and beverages.

An on-site bar provides a cozy spot for guests to unwind with a drink in hand. Those preferring the tranquility of nature can find solace in the property's lush garden, an ideal setting for relaxation.

Situated within easy reach of notable attractions, Rent Rooms Kapri is just 21 km from the Bay of Bones and 38 km from the Early Christian Basilica, making it an excellent base for exploring the region's rich history. For guests traveling by air, Ohrid Airport is conveniently located 44 km away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements to and from the property.

Rent Rooms Kapri stands out as a top choice for those in search of a peaceful retreat that does not compromise on accessibility to Pogradec's natural and historical landmarks.