---\ntitle: "Republika Hotel"\ndescription: "Republika Hotel emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309438342.jpg?k=c58d2534f840e9a8fcbd898712ce81fc576a6ad2405f5d8b5836032a72dfc946&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: republika-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Jonianet 0240, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87342628\n  lng: 20.00572868\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 507\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 7.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309438342.jpg?k=c58d2534f840e9a8fcbd898712ce81fc576a6ad2405f5d8b5836032a72dfc946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482548954.jpg?k=2b809f6aa6b50a10b0fb8081fbfd51759e1a1a0e3149187202c31e0709ae1ce0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309439738.jpg?k=d5e847be0b94367ae9e6fe8f067e0cd57558abf31e48a9a612e5d92634515dcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482548909.jpg?k=0d447cbf70aae859a51ad652086b32bc8285f9cbb5b138345ad64cde1fe1f9c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376003770.jpg?k=c9f5525793142f348e6427182388810835f3f964dc392f523af09b14499e652b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309438358.jpg?k=5f8e05fdc264c86d7241c8f393e03065b1f0ca7b7a526f020b0ef89a3220a4ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/309438370.jpg?k=3e17327e18fe554fefdf0af4053aa53b69fa6ea85e04c1141f2ce3b1f4970a10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482548875.jpg?k=9bc844e9578c392789a84f40695ccd91fb5293b031865a53db10d6fff94131f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482548926.jpg?k=ce930c68958dfde7435152f4ef388e4edff7d9f8772ce3397099328f7fa0e925&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill Station Republika 10 m"\n  - "Bagaron 20 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 300 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 900 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The rooms were very clean. Each day we had cleaning. The staff was very helpful. Breakfast was ok. The view is amazing.”"\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely hotel located right on the promenade with fantastic sea views from the balcony. Rooms were clean and good sized. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Nice breakfast included and served in the roof top cafe which was lovely.”"\n  - name: "Adrianna"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Brilliant location and great hotel, they had a bit of an issue with electricity going off during our stay which affected the wifi connection but it was resolved quickly. The owner is a lovely person but no English at all just Italian. Overall it...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/republika-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Republika Hotel are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with flat-screen TVs for a touch of modernity. Each room extends onto a private balcony, offering select views that either capture the serene sea or the bustling city life, providing a perfect backdrop for every stay. The convenience extends to the bathrooms, each fitted with a shower, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

Beyond the rooms, Republika Hotel enhances the guest experience with a range of complimentary services, including dry cleaning, ironing, and laundry, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The on-site restaurant and bar invite guests to savor delicious meals and refreshing drinks without having to venture far.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk, ready to assist guests at any hour. For those looking to explore, the Sarandë Ferry Terminal is a mere 400 meters away, offering easy access to further adventures. Moreover, the ancient town of Butrint, a treasure trove of history, is just 18 km from the hotel, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions.

Republika Hotel not only promises a stay marked by convenience and comfort but also positions itself as a gateway to the rich experiences that Sarandë has to offer.