---\ntitle: "Residence Martin 21"\ndescription: "Residence Martin 21 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, located just a kilometer away from the serene Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143783231.jpg?k=7cb88c76403fd16403c044d19d3b2b402aa95741b7976d5732ef97252daa0134&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: residence-martin-21\naddress: "Uji i Ftohte, Rruga Azem Sulo, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43297529\n  lng: 19.4994291\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143783231.jpg?k=7cb88c76403fd16403c044d19d3b2b402aa95741b7976d5732ef97252daa0134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353097122.jpg?k=4b60a81367b11a9156a5fe8da90e3195f374024a3bd5ca36592892f21b9b0fa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355733630.jpg?k=b2a281b7b87cfca8baa15ece952fd17eca32753e33870891c637a9af8fb58e7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356290851.jpg?k=d14e446393b95621303335fe5ce9783032d8ffd7906e8e9d2b74b710bdf3bc3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355733347.jpg?k=2e0218a7aa662f385f1c4fc761d5f63f9727ebbee39bc118d3c91d8da2467063&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356290713.jpg?k=02c5145bfc3e89cea64ad569d01e596ec808bbef2a0f34bfb5da84ae68b5863b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Mediterraneo 250 m"\n  - "The Boss 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 450 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 500 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4.3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jacek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“New and spacious apartment, parking in the underground kept the car cool despite summer heat. The host is living on the spot, so she was nearly always available to offer any help needed. It was not close to center, so it was quite quiet at night.”"\n  - name: "Aleksander"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very close to the centre and easy can find everything around, markets, bars, clubs shops everything, it was a great choice for me.”"\n  - name: "Wojciech"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Kind and helpful owners, very clean apartment.Free coffee in the morning in the coffe shop nearby.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-martin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Residence Martin 21 are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that extend onto private balconies. Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a well-appointed kitchen, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet and hair dryer, alongside the unique touch of a fireplace in each unit, adds to the comfort and charm of the stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in the units underscores the complex's commitment to guest convenience.

For those who appreciate the outdoors, the property is enveloped in a lush garden, inviting guests to unwind in a tranquil setting. The on-site bar serves as a cozy spot for evening relaxation or socializing with fellow travelers.

Situated within easy reach of notable attractions, Residence Martin 21 is just 2.6 km from the Beach at Government Villas and 4.7 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, making it an excellent choice for those keen to explore the local sights. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 154 km away, facilitates ease of travel for international guests.

In essence, Residence Martin 21 stands out as a harmonious blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and accessibility, promising an unforgettable stay for families and solo travelers alike.