---\ntitle: "Residence Lux Apartments at VALAMAR Hamallaj Gjiri Lalzit"\ndescription: "Residence Lux Apartments at VALAMAR Hamallaj Gjiri Lalzit emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience along the picturesque shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618249.jpg?k=3003587b09195bc7404659a3dcdd78ef75c8f59aa11c34030f6448ca13b5c101&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: residence-lux-apartments-at-valamar-hamallaj-gjiri-lalzit\naddress: "Valamar residence D-8, hamallaj, 1290 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.49575834\n  lng: 19.51578795\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618249.jpg?k=3003587b09195bc7404659a3dcdd78ef75c8f59aa11c34030f6448ca13b5c101&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618248.jpg?k=1ca8d6524c23b82b0711a2888eea38da39795aaf60ea32bc920976e136db6279&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618244.jpg?k=3fc0f3bcf8094ee143eb48667ef1351b21575582d680e379316aa404b0a42ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618238.jpg?k=62155a96470230fd4a24884d59722061fa5251df85dc716322c2d5d65962938a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618243.jpg?k=a225a85b09addab922e0e04736f7f9ea3f23dc4d179f7e991fe638baf66cc524&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479403791.jpg?k=b8cf703bf775033966e653c932b6536ae4e27398d9e2b09312accfebfb68c6c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618237.jpg?k=6fe73905169b096865bd761b23e32f44f0ddd8bf2ddd2d04b589ee9f64da08ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618242.jpg?k=7be62d7b7fba643a6ce90e316cfcb5dfffe3ad558ffa3ad39092540f0871f893&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517618253.jpg?k=a3baef9e3d5bbcec1e0460c30f7ebe9887c5e3dd61a3832176c987c6c26fda6e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bedouin 150 m"\n  - "Oasis Bar 1.1 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 18 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lirak"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was well kept and as advertised. The residences are in a bit of a relatively obscure location, but the actual community itself is well built and has a shop and several restaurants. The AC works very well
One umbrella and two sunbeds...”"\n  - name: "Tomas"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“quietness and seaview balcony.
it was inside an amazing residence”"\n  - name: "Eric"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“I had an incredible time staying at this beach apartment. The view from the balcony was breathtaking, and the apartment was spotless with modern amenities. The location was perfect for a relaxing beach vacation, with easy access to nearby...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/residence-lux-apartment-near-beach-amp-cape-of-rodon.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront haven not only provides guests with seamless access to the serene waters but also ensures a stay replete with modern comforts. Each spacious apartment boasts a balcony that opens up to breathtaking sea views, alongside two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of soundproofing, a flat-screen TV, and a bathroom with a bidet and shower elevates the living experience, ensuring a blend of luxury and privacy.

The commitment to guest convenience is further underscored by the provision of bed linen, towels, and a meticulous laundry service. Adding to the allure, the property hosts a family-friendly restaurant with an inviting outdoor dining area, complemented by a bar for leisurely evenings.

Families will find the outdoor play equipment a delightful addition, ensuring entertainment for the younger guests. Adventure enthusiasts and nature lovers can revel in the nearby cycling and hiking trails or simply unwind on the sun terrace, soaking in the tranquil ambiance.

Situated within proximity to notable landmarks such as the Rock of Kavaje and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km away, Residence Lux Apartments at VALAMAR Hamallaj Gjiri Lalzit serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the region.