---\ntitle: "Residence Saranda International"\ndescription: "Residence Saranda International emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305716363.jpg?k=735d6d8c5581cebc68bdb0ad195a3f32f1a119ddba28151cb6aee8f52cf89e65&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: residence-saranda-international\naddress: "SH 81 Str Butrinti, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85496915\n  lng: 20.02027524\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 98\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305716363.jpg?k=735d6d8c5581cebc68bdb0ad195a3f32f1a119ddba28151cb6aee8f52cf89e65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470832878.jpg?k=908e93428ba25c4d58cbc1ac3429f7923a3465fa2958006501d04e471cc074be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/212172013.jpg?k=ef4b2369e20a63e0ba4324e004ed2ef9aba1b8469af3c014f17c729a97070ce0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470831930.jpg?k=b96fb3a733ef49adb93763da77ad4f6031838122fdd1ff1bc4d1fccc08d339b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303335601.jpg?k=3ca3c4a803fa49671e5a2399c7ea1a99562bdf04e4182f577ab857ab0309f207&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265089565.jpg?k=4d87fb6430425c9bd5f25bd1ae59fc5ae4981e41ad0d512d1888555694314e60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470831596.jpg?k=0149cd3989d5a55e2953f2b1777c485b659e5467294d05797cfad987a2cf4f26&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154621840.jpg?k=0e571fa6240f45627a271123f2fca51d72ed7d6512a0a95da565ad7d13e46be5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481283376.jpg?k=7c2d33f892fb7fa2464f3044012b3023de50390b6a9c2dce297c945b7bd0e77b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Recetat by Fishop 20 m"\n  - "Pasion 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 20 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 300 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gorciu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The room was very clean, the breakfast ok; the hotel have own beach and parking”"\n  - name: "Dmytrom"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“This place is amazing! Residence building located closer to the sea in few meters from the beach. Seaview is stunning . Room has all required appliances for comfortable living. Minimarket is 1 block up (a few min walk)”"\n  - name: "Gulamally"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Very nice property. Very clean and proper. The staff were awesome, friendly, smiling, patient, helpful, accommodating etc. A special shout out and thanks to Arvinta and Vinardo. Wonderful people and so warm and helpful. We had our own private...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/residence-saranda-international.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on a range of top-notch amenities, including a restaurant that serves a variety of delectable dishes, a 24-hour front desk ensuring guests' needs are attended to at any hour, and an elevator for easy access to all floors. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or share their memorable moments instantly.

Accommodations at Residence Saranda International are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that come equipped with a desk, a safety deposit box for valuables, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony to enjoy the serene views. The private bathrooms include a bidet, and select units also offer a well-equipped kitchen with a fridge, catering to those who prefer to prepare their meals. Moreover, all units are soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and undisturbed stay.

For those looking to unwind, an on-site bar provides the perfect setting to relax with a drink. Additionally, the guest house offers a car rental service, making it convenient for guests to explore the surrounding area, including the nearby Mango Beach, just 300 meters away, and Santa Quaranta Beach, located 700 meters from the property. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, situated 97 km away, making Residence Saranda International an accessible haven for both local and foreign visitors seeking the ultimate Sarandë experience.