---\ntitle: "Resort Zerja and Spa"\ndescription: "Resort Zerja and Spa emerges as a serene oasis in Peshkopi, offering a unique blend of leisure and elegance for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339705467.jpg?k=9b1074d4b4a08ded68540ead5ad9b13c7c7fdd8f1cfbff135673bf087fed40e5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: resort-zerja-and-spa\naddress: "Rruga Peshkopi-Maqellare (lagja Ravana), 8301 Peshkopi, Albania"\ncity: "Peshkopi"\nlocation: "Peshkopi"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.66908867\n  lng: 20.44049349\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 61\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339705467.jpg?k=9b1074d4b4a08ded68540ead5ad9b13c7c7fdd8f1cfbff135673bf087fed40e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339705535.jpg?k=33b37f0f20118d21ed69aa9bb96537d78dd40c49324359768ae341d3104d5312&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321101762.jpg?k=fcbb8f32ce46717821e6c2f47c607f5e42b1a4bb0daae95869881e2e6380b41b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/320137951.jpg?k=15bc3d6363550ce082d36e468163286e123542a5b5a405453ecca9133faec137&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/320590354.jpg?k=ff3bf535403d89cf4fc2c62959dd349f54a754fdbdccfefef6dd83100acceb93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/320590508.jpg?k=cf38e8b26666524ec9d3b1197c9e0c4e4d9933e51228a630b139b7fa9e5a46ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/321101801.jpg?k=20293f100b89cdcadc9aab010f812b9ed6c449f5cd46d8c6aa5e4e1e6cb228f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/320137945.jpg?k=8e98c37707a02f6f4dc49ceee6335bda9030e519d5b28af4704b8114c8180ed6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339706569.jpg?k=a466b428a7546a3b349fa576bb03981021d76805bfe1573c3112104cec772bb8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zerja 20 m"\n  - "Shehu 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llixhat Peshkopi 2 km"\n  - "Llixhat e Peshkopi 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 59 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 66 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Low"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“everything perfect. the room is very big and clean. Internet, air conditioning, maximum hygiene. very affordable price. guaranteed parking, restaurant, everything. thank you Staff”"\n  - name: "Milica"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Welcoming by very hospital staff, introducing us and leading through hotel. Food and service was great. Good spa facilities.”"\n  - name: "Elvin"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“It was fantastic.everything new,clean and the staff was great,family ambient.the room was amasing very clean.they have a corner with toys for the kids so we enjoy the dinner and the kids happy for food and toys.i'll come back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/resort-zerja-and-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Wellness & Spa"\nbestCategories: "Wellness & Spa"\ncategory: "Wellness & Spa"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Resort Zerja and Spa are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is a haven of tranquility, equipped with modern amenities such as a kettle, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting captivating city views that promise to enchant guests.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests have access to a range of services designed to enhance their stay. The resort prides itself on its evening entertainment options and a kids' club, ensuring that guests of all ages find something to delight in. For those mixing business with pleasure, the on-site business center and convenient services like ironing and dry cleaning are invaluable.

Located a mere 24 km from the historic Monastery of Saint George the Victorious and 42 km from the revered Saint Jovan Bigorski Monastery, Resort Zerja and Spa serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the area. Furthermore, its proximity to Ohrid Airport, just 82 km away, adds to the convenience for international travelers.

Resort Zerja and Spa is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a memorable escape, blending the comforts of modern luxury with the charm of its picturesque surroundings.