---\ntitle: "Resort Mezini"\ndescription: "Resort Mezini emerges as a serene oasis in Ersekë, boasting an impressive array of amenities including a lush garden, an inviting terrace, and a welcoming restaurant and bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435210824.jpg?k=86247e49c59ce757cb0b7c512f6ad9848aaf20f2b204ecee042e35b9ab4308c4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: resort-mezini\naddress: "sh75 Rruga Demokracia, 7402 Ersekë, Albania"\ncity: "Ersekë"\nlocation: "Ersekë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.18244114\n  lng: 20.64874518\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435210824.jpg?k=86247e49c59ce757cb0b7c512f6ad9848aaf20f2b204ecee042e35b9ab4308c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435229616.jpg?k=24b9435152f4ee822045cc294c0b85fe1a6316892ed1e35ad5fdef3b3f818908&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435226401.jpg?k=0fc361450bdff2157f30cbe2e72203d50fa59487834a8bee85b412eb363f225b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435230278.jpg?k=3cf74384aea2ca0ec58ee5058da2118aa70c1b12f85a8331d6e2bb393c95ed43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435228989.jpg?k=d8f68c37a79ba2888de22950b3ea800da22dfaab7c3c99640f7d48e73106affe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451792935.jpg?k=07752ae06aee3d31fd33ff0b6025969192dd8c59ac4f68d6616e7a82944d143b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Lake View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Jorgo Bar 3.6 km"\n  - "Το Παλιό 17 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Pindus National Park 12 km"\n  - "Paganion Monastery 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 55 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely setting on the lake, with free use of kayaks and pedalo. Great supper.”"\n  - name: "Eleonora"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Excelent wooden house with fantastic host, delicious food and wonderful view from the tarrace.
Very comfirtable bed, nice bathroom, big safe parking and possibility of riding a pedal boat on the lake”"\n  - name: "Juliana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Resort Mezini was a great place to stay for the weekend. The property was new and well built. Very clean and everything was of great quality. The view of the lake from the room is fantastic and rare to find. The staff is very friendly and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/resort-mezini.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe resort prides itself on offering an array of services designed to enhance the guest experience, including room service, dry cleaning, and currency exchange facilities. Each guest room at Resort Mezini is a haven of comfort, featuring a balcony that provides a personal outdoor space for relaxation. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. Entertainment needs are well catered for, with all rooms housing a flat-screen TV complete with satellite channels.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local area, Resort Mezini serves as a perfect gateway to a variety of activities, with fishing being a popular choice among guests. Furthermore, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, just 78 km away, adds to the resort's appeal by simplifying travel arrangements for international guests.

In summary, Resort Mezini stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Ersekë.