---\ntitle: "Retreat Apartments"\ndescription: "Retreat Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323162844.jpg?k=c96c8bafa190c35c266f0af6bb6eed018d2ef1fb5f43278b0e7c60d9fc8350b1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: retreat-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku Pallati 38, Shkalla 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32395035\n  lng: 19.81635655\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 372\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323162844.jpg?k=c96c8bafa190c35c266f0af6bb6eed018d2ef1fb5f43278b0e7c60d9fc8350b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190950.jpg?k=2890637a5b265e0a28d4f0ae2ddfc4549005a991d2f2a047e6d837962b872b8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323191364.jpg?k=482217c54eaa1662ac9b24ccfe0dddeee90a9d73cb9221a050d5bd71e1479fec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190703.jpg?k=c9818baf2a0b1c121629fc4d1397fe830f594c54ad420c86fc8eec2a370739f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190942.jpg?k=7ef842cbfb140aa032169e15e6b3612ec91ccc4c1a7a5fcc75c8a97227277f40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190685.jpg?k=b8f9e74e2bb2e0a90ad382928ac10768cb43c8c6e8668bb925f6b638d7029679&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190924.jpg?k=226e8c57845da6d25bc4e23f6f22b757d9d9022c8e24d392dec8f330b85a189f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/323190733.jpg?k=61184bf569adbc65546c2695aacfa35fdb36e8de6d882ab24223e345e2963afe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322730896.jpg?k=80d93f2b67ead614b57d4b8c14d35f7293a2561206fb5893e1cbf3256fbb78c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Large Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Brauhaus 20 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location, quiet yet close to everything and easy to find. The room was a good size with the addition of a balcony, we didn't sit out as it was February, but its always nice to wake up and step outside and see the locals starting their...”"\n  - name: "Christopher"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was excellent. In the centre. Very easy to find. Spacious enough for our short break. Would highly recommend.”"\n  - name: "Andrzej"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice very clean apartment, Besa, the host is a great, nice and helpful person, you feel taken care of. Strong recommendation 10/10.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/retreat-apartments-choose-balkans.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed accommodations that feature a range of modern conveniences. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, an oven, and a coffee machine, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The inclusion of a walk-in shower, plush bathrobes, and a desk adds to the thoughtful touches provided. Privacy and comfort are further assured with a private bathroom in every unit, complete with a bidet, slippers, a hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are readily available in all units.

For those eager to explore, Retreat Apartments is ideally situated to offer easy access to a host of sightseeing tours. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the aparthotel facilitates effortless exploration of the surrounding area.

Cultural enthusiasts and leisure travelers alike will appreciate the proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Rinia Park, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property.

In summary, Retreat Apartments stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a serene retreat amidst the bustling cityscape, making it an ideal choice for both short-term and extended stays.