---\ntitle: "Rex Hotel Boutique"\ndescription: "Rex Hotel Boutique stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524016620.jpg?k=6d48ddb092297b1da32d79cc0157ae4cc2b4a5a9530ebfdb162ede5f186d0314&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rex-hotel-boutique\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi Nr 25 , Entrance 1 , Floors 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33094732\n  lng: 19.81237078\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524016620.jpg?k=6d48ddb092297b1da32d79cc0157ae4cc2b4a5a9530ebfdb162ede5f186d0314&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521936722.jpg?k=da6625335a1d8902c717dd2a3e026faae255890d258c4c43032bd9c9009688e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521936828.jpg?k=6962d827f18eddba8240b597dfb444fd3afdea4f543be7d2de429b2eaac61d95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524067925.jpg?k=7cfac5821737422770b47d13f02527aa6a6167503f1a5eecb1a8a8ee5cab28cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522536176.jpg?k=ef984ceee02f30bf46022522923d64273888f616c680da49824ccb0dac5a7d69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524067887.jpg?k=98072794212335c08bfc31c6960df4ae0bbc7491e85a8ba2d62626566e7bc0a8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "King Room"\n  - "Queen Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Korcare 30 m"\n  - "Restorant Narta Fish 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Silja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Rex hotel was very clean, it was just renovated. The location its perfect you can easily access all the attractions of tirana. The staff was very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Marin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Located in the center of the city. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Owner was very friendly !”"\n  - name: "Jurgen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was very good. Near to the center “Skenderbeu Square” and very near to the night life of Tirana. Very clean and everything was new in the room I liked it.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rex-boutique-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel distinguishes itself with its array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. Each air-conditioned room is a haven of comfort, equipped with a desk, coffee machine, fridge, minibar, and a safety deposit box for personal security. Entertainment and connectivity are ensured with free WiFi and a flat-screen TV, while the private bathroom with a shower adds a touch of privacy and convenience. For those desiring a bit more, selected rooms feature balconies with serene garden views, providing a perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or evening relaxation.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of a 24-hour front desk, ensuring that guests' needs are promptly attended to at any time of the day or night. The added convenience of airport transfers and room service underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction. Moreover, the inclusion of free private parking and a welcoming bar within a garden setting offers guests a seamless blend of hospitality and ambiance.

Rex Hotel Boutique is not just about the rooms and services; its location serves as a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich history and culture. Within walking distance, guests can discover the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, delve into the secrets at the House of Leaves, or immerse themselves in the national narrative at the National Museum of History Albania. For those arriving from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making the hotel an accessible and convenient choice for international travelers.

In summary, Rex Hotel Boutique emerges as a top recommendation for those looking to experience the vibrant heart of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of thoughtful amenities and exceptional service.