---\ntitle: "RH Tirana Center"\ndescription: "RH Tirana Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414220546.jpg?k=9536a5973bcba5850ac3f80ab01218cdbc322fbc8e7842bb7f1b4067dd5d162b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rh-tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33008722\n  lng: 19.81319253\nprice: "US$56"\npriceFrom: 56\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414220546.jpg?k=9536a5973bcba5850ac3f80ab01218cdbc322fbc8e7842bb7f1b4067dd5d162b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414221874.jpg?k=945611cc4307e572b11f8a31851af23b594cfc5b058fa3a80d057ab01e35db00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414222471.jpg?k=b96f51a82d7dc127b6b2910086b5e9e25462cb541d3d4cf3b6684054a6ef882a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414221043.jpg?k=d005e6a73488f6f21c5e05f9d4f72e7537f6e63e744c8712c741d82ac88f29f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414221035.jpg?k=8a4d60e6b9bbefb3ee0ac860be17baadcf2b1fe8bac92c49e89d9f558c9b1985&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414222150.jpg?k=b3ce40162b9faf2641c2afb7624fff57776cf05eb254f9871acf0f73bff606f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414221824.jpg?k=5d9c874d565dc210b2de697156290f2ba95a4aab40f37e00830b30947a341d47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414222435.jpg?k=a961cca24468dd8da83675f7a33fd27a71c07cab04500fd9c52df3689a9e9dea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414220853.jpg?k=fb14995eecb918e0e3415428310004fb799ebf1b73f2da6a2acc9d9d9ccecc51&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (45 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Foster Bar 30 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abazi"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“I stayed in this apartment and I was satisfied. The apartment was very clean and comfortable, it was in the center of the city in a very convenient location and with a good view. The apartment had a parking lot outside Papage, but if you want to...”"\n  - name: "Beatrice"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed staying here, it is a cosy apartment with everything you need just in the center of Tirana with easy access to everything.
The host was very nice and helpful, really paying attention to our needs.
We totally recommend this place,...”"\n  - name: "Marvin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The atmosphere.The location.The decor.Everything was perfect!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rh-tirana-centre.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts a generous layout, featuring two bedrooms, a living room that invites relaxation, and a balcony that presents captivating city views. Guests can enjoy the convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a dishwasher and toaster, making meal preparation a breeze. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a bathroom outfitted with a bidet adds to the apartment's appeal, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and enjoyable. For added convenience, a laundry service is readily available.

Beyond the confines of this inviting apartment, guests will find a coffee shop perfect for morning starts or leisurely afternoons. A minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are never far away. 

RH Tirana Center is ideally situated for those eager to explore the city's rich history and vibrant culture. Attractions such as Rinia Park, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the Clock Tower Tirana are within easy reach. For those interested in Albania's past, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and National Museum of History Albania offer insightful excursions nearby. 

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located just 13 km away, making RH Tirana Center an accessible and attractive option for both domestic and international travelers. This apartment stands out as a top selection for those who prioritize location, comfort, and the freedom to explore Tirana at their own pace.