---\ntitle: "Rias Seaside Apartments"\ndescription: "Rias Seaside Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, positioned merely 400 meters from the pristine Vlore Beach and a short stroll from the scenic Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509625552.jpg?k=2121a8a7eb5ed967caebccb60584cc84c4e29cf3ec85a0998cafdfe2847c2d00&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rias-seaside-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Çamëria, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45063755\n  lng: 19.48975921\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 116\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509625552.jpg?k=2121a8a7eb5ed967caebccb60584cc84c4e29cf3ec85a0998cafdfe2847c2d00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509625495.jpg?k=179c5c39141dfdfc6a97723d1b1b7534c10087c384ef6f2e76deac2881894059&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367173339.jpg?k=b3138c2840eecc4561c0f66f7b1b38d095697e281169506e5c0b3adb2de7a1e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/314071086.jpg?k=2e57c108ed5a78b36fa41a679224d6018d97aa2a2607a34e7f25d4558d93296a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509625524.jpg?k=986a4b6e9b74e6d9e09615a04fffb9fb625e1bcac4a77284e96782676018e5fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509625509.jpg?k=afdcb66dac6ccfcd0a01ba4d6deb9daab6da010f887dde36cf44ee20103baaa8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Carraro 40 m"\n  - "Brooklyn 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 400 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.4 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.7 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jo"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The location is great for access to the beach and restaurants/cafes/supermarkets. The kitchen has everything you need to cook simple meals. The view from the balcony is excellent. Washing machine works well and washing powder was provided. Bed was...”"\n  - name: "Raphel"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Located on the boulevard (lungomare) close to many restaurants and bar. Recently apartment everything is new and extremely clean, the linen and mattress is comfy Big, spotless, modern apartment , with a very modern bathroom. Nice beach over the...”"\n  - name: "Joseph"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "““Very beautiful sea view. Nice and friendly owners helped us with everything (transfer to airport, currency exchange and so on) during our vacation. There are several beaches near Apartment”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rias-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, cozy seating areas, and flat-screen TVs with satellite channels for a touch of home. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area in each unit allows guests the freedom to craft their meals, while the safety deposit box, private bathroom complete with a bidet, slippers, and hair dryer, ensure both security and comfort. Select units boast the added luxury of a terrace or balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to enchant.

Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring peace of mind during their stay. The on-site snack bar serves as a convenient spot for light refreshments, allowing more time to be spent soaking in the sun and less worrying about meal preparations.

Situated a mere 1.9 km from Ri Beach and 2.5 km from Independence Square, Rias Seaside Apartments offers an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Vlorë. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport 151 km away, the journey to this serene escape is well worth the distance, promising an unforgettable stay marked by comfort, convenience, and the warmth of Albanian hospitality.