---\ntitle: "Riviera Deluxe Apartments"\ndescription: "Riviera Deluxe Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539355.jpg?k=ec21f5d455da53e62abed1a9586f0776538e5d2f873654838deb8e72d63739fa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: riviera-deluxe-apartments\naddress: "Rr. Kosova 8, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45515645\n  lng: 19.48635464\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539355.jpg?k=ec21f5d455da53e62abed1a9586f0776538e5d2f873654838deb8e72d63739fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539504.jpg?k=8d868ab98c2e81c7939e42f0264649b2a00228fe48027c84fbddc64e80671177&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539505.jpg?k=415595e3ecc1b805ecb47d509ffea8ae1cb6abc4a59594e9b5e6c1c327b6f55e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481508244.jpg?k=2390a3efade63a42b5654537f9fdf0b464fab4cfdfb3739c8b491744d3a77dcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539359.jpg?k=896ca11534ec2aafce91ccd33ff408c2c3536e6ead5191c71996ceb94285abd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539366.jpg?k=9dd4c336c9a93477fdb00db7b452ed0532f0ae8242a776aea2a2188cfdb7c208&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539513.jpg?k=e75d16df2f7ebea0481b538a66005f0456f7603c01ade25937bd90164b124591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539509.jpg?k=d302eaf51aa27222cbbbf1063f286581b4ea1b60d2f64876ef87f8f67d1fc134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481539363.jpg?k=cd699b0f47f6c3a9c8e3551d9fa5cd10790672d8b4bbaf7ece9d308e7aeb2ead&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (146 Mbps)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kampionet 40 m"\n  - "Rimix Bar 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.9 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.2 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento situato in zona strategica vicino al porto. Alessandro e Blerina due persone eccezionali che ci hanno aiutato tantissimo in ogni occasione. Assolutamente consigliato. Non vi ringrazieremo mai abbastanza!!! Spero di tornare presto!”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Erg fijne locatie. De accommodatie was schoon en functioneel.”"\n  - name: "Salim"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“كل شي كان الموقع مركزي و قريب من الكورنيش والمقاهي والمنطقة حيوية جدا اعجبني وجود شطاف في الحمام انصحكم بها بشدة ￼”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/riviera-deluxe-apartments-vlore1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless arrival experience. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, boasting air-conditioned rooms complemented by free private parking and complimentary WiFi access. The attention to detail is evident in the tastefully tiled floors and the provision of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a refrigerator, making self-catering a breeze. The inclusion of a dining area, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower and hair dryer adds to the allure of these accommodations.

For those who appreciate outdoor living, select units offer the added luxury of a terrace or balcony. These spaces not only provide captivating city views but also feature an outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals al fresco. The commitment to guest comfort is further underscored by the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all units.

Adding to the convenience is an on-site coffee shop, where guests can savor their favorite brews without having to venture far. The property's proximity to notable landmarks such as Independence Square and Kuzum Baba invites guests to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë.

For travelers arriving from afar, the Riviera Deluxe Apartments is approximately 150 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport. The availability of a paid airport shuttle service ensures a hassle-free connection to and from the property, rounding off the comprehensive offerings that make Riviera Deluxe Apartments a compelling choice for discerning visitors to Vlorë.