---\ntitle: "Riviera Apartment Vlora"\ndescription: "Riviera Apartment Vlora stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520170353.jpg?k=c32e216935aaa182c188c0d778a41563dac259aeacd863728acd5a2161405fee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: riviera-apartment-vlora\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41445501\n  lng: 19.48167513\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520170353.jpg?k=c32e216935aaa182c188c0d778a41563dac259aeacd863728acd5a2161405fee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520172436.jpg?k=ea4e036242a57548a746ada254e49abc08f87a6f650a4ef0f567c79bbd6b5ddf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520172926.jpg?k=c3bb3849ac6bd4d1f70d227283f1dee4091b98dde9bc693a9bbf33872f791e50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520170046.jpg?k=52b8ac5a90e6986abeb8b75cb13ead4cec9cabb70d3f30f555ef44eca8a5a097&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520171180.jpg?k=9f70286c9364a45bb1f195885584d59130c28ac8333c40113f38cce7873ea204&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374939734.jpg?k=9cf720449262a0337ba7800d1ce60f0675bfc23bd1df9f472765a8cb2f4e12b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520172485.jpg?k=68afb9f06569ee18b675d5834b55074e033f77aaa59a81962767b3b59e91375f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520169884.jpg?k=af64bf3a50876fa352604f8b65539175dbd4da158813987548e29c73cc3778ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520169998.jpg?k=664b6310dc57a5972629ba89540ee41dd8de7a154f5f74e131653262bf7261ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (144 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Riviera Blu 10 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalaja 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 50 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 450 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Playa Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.7 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dumitru"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“It is a cozy apartment for families. We enjoyed it, the hostess was very friendly. Clean and quiet place.”"\n  - name: "Качанівська"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The apartment is very clean, bright and beautiful, we are satisfied with our vacation. Near the house there is a store, various beaches, restaurants. The owner is very nice, he helped us with the transfer from the airport, he was always in touch,...”"\n  - name: "Taha"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“good apartment, everything ok, beach is on 3 minute access; the owner is very friendly, he organised a transfer from and to Tirana airport”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/riviera-apartament-vlore3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking property doesn't just boast a prime location; it also offers stunning views that capture both the serene sea and the majestic mountains. The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room, a modern flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with provided towels and bed linen, ensures a stay that combines both luxury and home comforts.

Dining at Riviera Apartment Vlora is an experience in itself, with a family-friendly restaurant on-site serving delectable Italian cuisine for both lunch and dinner. This adds a delightful culinary dimension to the stay, catering to the tastes of all family members.

For those with a penchant for adventure, the surrounding area of Vlorë offers a plethora of activities. From fishing to hiking, guests have the opportunity to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and vibrant culture of the region. Notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square are within easy reach, located just over 7 kilometers away, making for easy day trips.

Situated 156 kilometers from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Riviera Apartment Vlora represents an accessible escape to the Albanian coast, promising a memorable stay filled with scenic beauty, culinary delights, and the tranquility of beachfront living.