---\ntitle: "RoAr Apartment"\ndescription: "RoAr Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Golem, positioned merely 200 meters from the pristine Golem Beach and a short stroll from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359203.jpg?k=8a326c5acf6f85b4a171de4b0ef03fd7d1ebe0f66bc068f4fcb10d71e6109dd7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: roar-apartment\naddress: "Kavaje, Golem Ap 3/ second floor/ Bl 08/1, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26340637\n  lng: 19.52107556\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359203.jpg?k=8a326c5acf6f85b4a171de4b0ef03fd7d1ebe0f66bc068f4fcb10d71e6109dd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359294.jpg?k=19d1122f8a57d9b6f32213617bff4775cd4afd22ad40ef24a7c2dd533331747d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359321.jpg?k=19be7e4bcd81a48083559984b10482216aee5b5b3ce42784b65ad8f816280db8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359289.jpg?k=d9d5ddb32b31ca44389db775274df091d7d2a97b4ec9086b115611f1c2fb6fa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359275.jpg?k=fc8386d16688a0515b311580e46bcd1df6e5c1896069eb841e6c19a44536f5df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359329.jpg?k=c8a29517186e4a69bd703f14d6fd0abb233b52d44260cff5d0445a4aeb3f3223&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359315.jpg?k=ff052adede3d788873329364b68b2d70a3aacbe9ea7b39baed7d503e53085c40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359311.jpg?k=69b13f602691136052a11fce392167c291b25f0595924d842cdf7d310ef234d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478359286.jpg?k=25f6c2665957c5563239d39ac6bacad53b6dad2ef1ec93ef0028152a59191799&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Oaz Durres 50 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 150 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aleksandar"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Excellent apartment, well equipped, great friendly hosts, large terrace, on two minutes walk from sandy beach. Everything is as on pictures, even better :)”"\n  - name: "Bujar"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location and the apartment was very good. It was clean and with all furniture. The owner was very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Sam"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is a spacious 2 bedroom, perfect for a family. The apartment was stocked with towels, cutlery, pots, and everything we needed during our stay. The location is a few steps to the beach, right next to all hotels, restaurants, and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/roar-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a balcony that offers serene garden views - a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster, catering to the culinary needs of guests. Additionally, the presence of a bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of convenience to the living experience. The outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy their meals while embracing the tranquil ambiance of the surroundings.

For those interested in exploring beyond the immediate vicinity, RoAr Apartment serves as an excellent base. Skanderbeg Square, a notable landmark, is located 44 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history. Adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 48 km from the apartment, an enticing attraction, providing stunning aerial views of the area. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 38 km away, ensures easy access for international travelers.

In summary, RoAr Apartment stands out as a compelling choice for guests who value comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to explore the natural and cultural highlights of Golem and its surroundings.