---\ntitle: "Robin Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Robin Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149782878.jpg?k=3d5baed052ebd204204a97e36365d6f586e18a0bb25b7eb241eae89447073168&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: robin-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga 40 Shenjtorët, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8731461\n  lng: 20.0136063\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149782878.jpg?k=3d5baed052ebd204204a97e36365d6f586e18a0bb25b7eb241eae89447073168&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672441.jpg?k=dc6751746d59a12bc821a0dda67d777e85fb5c0d5085bfe267803d9b4a25ceaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672733.jpg?k=023bed7100d05b4631e84c2a34a9d10469517d16088cdc6c2716f7b50d3dd07c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672697.jpg?k=1879413ae799cdfa58598310d5d6cea3a8b8b08790b7d7b4b1fad2ac1d8f991e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672426.jpg?k=0c44e252165e7dd26b01758891cebc7f5655f1fc40328c133fa17d33e3f948b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226399304.jpg?k=b96facc23d5d33d49deef2e21583f596781f98be340f5d252e957dcd539c40c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672741.jpg?k=84623da1a28acb1d851209d18b43fce1f60db847fad7fca91014d1522906363c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149782844.jpg?k=3f1efb28f5495d414ae30885a2ed307c4e0bc075caf8624b5585616a080266b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245672400.jpg?k=7e0c62edb24702bfb0dab9db4ad27245cbd53d7396ecc156000ad6078294b322&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Brasseria da Franco 20 m"\n  - "Restorant Rustico 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 50 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 700 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Viktória"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Good location - close to the beach, boulevard, supermarket right next to it, well furnished kitchen with all necessary equipment, ice maker in the freezer as a bonus. Comfortable bed, good working wifi and AC in the room and living room as well....”"\n  - name: "Grażyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo ładny widok na morze i bulwar w Sarandzie. Dobra lokalizacja, blisko przystanek autobusowy. Apartament funkcjonalny, przestrzenny, sprzęt działał sprawnie. Wygodny prysznic, Wyposażenie kuchni bardzo dobre. Apartament zgodny z opisem i...”"\n  - name: "Francesco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento è come si vede in foto, pulito, accogliente e con vista su mare, Saranda e Grecia. Fornito di tutto il necessario per cucinare.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/robin-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is not just about its prime location; it's a haven of comfort. Equipped with air conditioning, it features a cozy bedroom, a clean and well-appointed bathroom, and the convenience of bed linen and towels. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to those who love to cook, while the balcony offers an opportunity to dine with a view of the sea.

For those concerned about connectivity, free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Sarandë. Notably, the accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

Situated 16 km from the historical Butrint National Park, Robin Sea View Apartment also appeals to culture and history enthusiasts looking to explore the rich heritage of the area. For guests traveling by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 96 km away, making the apartment a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Robin Sea View Apartment stands out for its exceptional location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a memorable stay in Sarandë, whether one is looking to relax by the beach or explore the cultural sites.