---\ntitle: "Rock Apartments"\ndescription: "Rock Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, situated a mere 29 km from the vibrant Corfu Town and 35 km from the serene Glyfada."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209489687.jpg?k=b84913230b5a393fdbef90e3a04ea3dbe119681d122ea4dc4cbaa8c67b30f9d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rock-apartments\naddress: "Rruha Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87228436\n  lng: 19.99377075\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 78\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209489687.jpg?k=b84913230b5a393fdbef90e3a04ea3dbe119681d122ea4dc4cbaa8c67b30f9d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/352533581.jpg?k=43980980b88447fa2c2a801f2eb9a4704572acdf1e87425777307d6b3aa569d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265164443.jpg?k=18b84e970cfbf1005b046d185d38dc78073e460d18b9430170ccadc33deb30c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358084551.jpg?k=e0c9c6229edd5e48dda74876570efb5af881f9b71777f47b1b8553ec3fa553b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353521178.jpg?k=8eab7714e47b3cb5c85bfcfaf4759c402b97704e88d13b268cd9c33a085d224f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409911302.jpg?k=627dedf939fc03aa4ade24fd4a777484cda874582da90824333769fd6f6b432c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265651966.jpg?k=88efc069944db5749b9168272d9f3a2781313d741ddc4a5fc54d09b22ab0d376&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264394982.jpg?k=55861d3c300158e5df57f02cd8e018af0518701af684af4dfc94bbbfbf3bf7a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265164429.jpg?k=d252ccdbc01f25947cd090673b81051c8cbc7759559178f89a7c7f30f6da7579&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (443 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fredi 10 m"\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ricardo"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Everything was awesome , we stayed another night in sarande at a property double the price and a third of the size massive mistake, compared to hard rock it was appalling , If you can book anywhere then stay here, they set a high benchmark in...”"\n  - name: "Aleksei"\n    country: "Georgia"\n    text: "“Fantastic host with outstanding hospitality!
Excellent sea view from the apartment. Perfect value for the money.”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Excellent suite overlooking the sea. Viola was very helpful at all times. Nearby private beach can be accessed. Recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/mitat-hoxha-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Rock Apartments is a testament to modern living, boasting air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a seating area complemented by a cable flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a cozy nook to unwind. The allure of these apartments is further enhanced by the fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher, an oven, and a microwave, catering to the culinary needs of every guest.

For those with a penchant for adventure, Rock Apartments does not disappoint. The property is equipped with water sports facilities, and for those looking to explore the area at their own pace, car hire services are readily available. The surrounding area is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, offering a variety of activities such as diving and cycling, with the picturesque Paleokastritsa only 33 km away.

Rock Apartments stands as a beacon of comfort and adventure in Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for travelers looking to experience the best of what the area has to offer.