---\ntitle: "Roes Apartments"\ndescription: "Roes Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633377.jpg?k=737b4d9e3844f146c5eeca26f9901869d8f019b147134e089f3b98c6143261e8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: roes-apartments\naddress: "1 Rruga Jorgo Plaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3435745\n  lng: 19.8286064\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633377.jpg?k=737b4d9e3844f146c5eeca26f9901869d8f019b147134e089f3b98c6143261e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633478.jpg?k=5ac41adb68c7c6808dbfbe6b92aa2f6dd81f90317432e63325f2ae70eee3ffe4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447749408.jpg?k=7c825d6df15987ce46dbf6bf1592cf048445bd9f86b135f31e1f221dc10cb745&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447751449.jpg?k=6c2805537fc46bd8491f6a30dfad04586a3370928c1ce0172864effdda50418b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447750205.jpg?k=c887437ebc604a87bddfb5c548ebdaf0b1ca0313532761d8d17533bc995c7e02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633285.jpg?k=bc3c1e4377eec8462abac92025f87dd0bb1fa626cc4e6a82c849b826e17d4a62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633856.jpg?k=7f81e08f48a46d606b2cd7ecb397b814935a72c4169d1458217f69ebeaec53ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447749255.jpg?k=f05391373d1df0eb6ec2ed77155671fdb35887a79f68a2536a03da59b5b4d5a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522633971.jpg?k=4abf43a71a5d11785570dd77d4485b1eefc8f0be686397b5980e4f4eed87dfc4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 5 100 m"\n  - "Byrektore 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“great host, very friendly and helpful. I’d recommend this apartment, especially for the location. I nice café just at the bottom of the apartment, and a supermarket in the same row. I booked for 2 days then extended for 12 days. Modern apartment,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/roes-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nPositioned just 3 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, guests find themselves in an ideal location to explore the city's rich history and cultural offerings. The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, an equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own meals, and a bathroom outfitted with both a bidet and a bath. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort to the stay.

For adventure seekers, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located merely 4.1 km away, offering breathtaking views and a unique way to experience the area's natural beauty. Additionally, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 3.2 km from the doorstep, providing an intriguing glimpse into the country's past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 14 km from Roes Apartments, making arrivals and departures a breeze for international guests.

Roes Apartments stands out as a thoughtful blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural proximity, making it an excellent choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the essence of Tirana.