---\ntitle: "Rogner Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of luxury and convenience at Rogner Hotel Tirana, a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and elegance right in the pulsating heart of Albania's capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468063382.jpg?k=ca1f8ea118f1c992643bf50b2f6705a982b07140afed1a819ef142f620a30913&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rogner-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Bulevardi Deshmoret e Kombit, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32067911\n  lng: 19.82081652\nprice: "US$110"\npriceFrom: 110\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1760\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468063382.jpg?k=ca1f8ea118f1c992643bf50b2f6705a982b07140afed1a819ef142f620a30913&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/262050932.jpg?k=1606000a54f308e312a04513f2a39817f3467a125fd8401859ea1eb87db8f476&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84550312.jpg?k=5d0f6a8e77522d06068355d4f99a7b38744b2c0b35138151e89c22b5d37bf0da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84545664.jpg?k=9c83b3623a4300595d9b8333275e013617864e01d92645762090d5e57c5ae277&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/84544756.jpg?k=54639cb9156e32d7cd4faa36637465f645d111d04fd363b96d3f21839d6b7663&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/195769207.jpg?k=ea7c8ae1a1f62a4050f6eb970c04a7f388f8b6c2a66a19d421027f1723ed7606&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with City View"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Room with Garden View and Balcony"\n  - "Junior Suite with City View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Garden View"\n  - "Suite with City View"\n  - "Suite with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bicikleta 50 m"\n  - "Bar Pasha 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 100 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 350 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Morasleo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Location is just perfect and the superior room are really good. Room service is also good and timely.”"\n  - name: "Lauradiane1983"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel with great lobby and gardens
Room was large and comfortable
Yummy breakfast with lots of choice
Super friendly staff - very attentive
Amazing location in Central Tirana
Cute cat! :-)”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent staff and service. Position is also ideal for business purposes.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rogner-europark.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nRogner Hotel Tirana doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a sanctuary. Its sprawling 30,000 square meters of lush Mediterranean gardens offer a serene escape from the urban hustle, while guests remain connected with complimentary high-speed WiFi throughout the property.

Accommodations at Rogner Hotel are designed with the discerning guest in mind. Each room features a full HD LED TV with an array of satellite channels, extra-large bedding for unparalleled comfort, a well-stocked mini-bar, and a functional work desk. The natural wood furnishings, expansive windows, and cozy seating areas create a welcoming atmosphere, complemented by either a picturesque garden or vibrant boulevard view. Thoughtful touches like complimentary water, coffee, and tea facilities add to the room's appeal.

Culinary experiences at Rogner Hotel Tirana are nothing short of exceptional. The hotel's restaurant greets the day with a sumptuous breakfast buffet and continues to impress with a diverse menu of à la carte options for lunch and dinner. Guests can savor a mix of Austrian, Mediterranean, and local flavors, all prepared with the freshest ingredients.

For those looking to unwind, Rogner Hotel offers a variety of recreational facilities. The outdoor swimming pool, surrounded by palm trees, provides a tropical oasis in the city. Additional amenities include a tennis court, a comprehensive spa and hammam center, a sauna, and a well-equipped gym, catering to all aspects of wellness and relaxation.

For convenience, the hotel offers an optional shuttle service to Tirana International Airport Nënë Tereza, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. Moreover, the National Historic Museum is a mere 700 meters away, inviting guests to explore Albania's rich history.

In summary, Rogner Hotel Tirana stands as a testament to luxury, convenience, and hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Tirana.