---\ntitle: "ROMANCE Apartments"\ndescription: "ROMANCE Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847460.jpg?k=6e4495d7a5d932952611d1aa934e2d3655f7e87660ecf66b2d91ebfe58a7ad53&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: romance-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit floor 4, building 17, door 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32980126\n  lng: 19.81399356\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847460.jpg?k=6e4495d7a5d932952611d1aa934e2d3655f7e87660ecf66b2d91ebfe58a7ad53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847449.jpg?k=2fdab7565b76f6ff9b6c3ef3ba4270c0a012df03e3e3124fd614f2b41c9a6ecf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847466.jpg?k=57cee00fba1f42cc3659c879ec5125fd2bc20075e8fb61066765913e04e5fc8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847412.jpg?k=35cef94c16ff4474cfcc037dcd3a879a65399121ca301262c56d14c28d9e9a88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847927.jpg?k=4abe18c84395ff2f99d02f67b2495409926f4f196012f3ff0b25abbf6c673996&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847473.jpg?k=e273ccdd6f09224b7ea41d35b0d030906033c5fc47c6f78164fb415c0081abed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847469.jpg?k=7e458741c9d348c87f520f96c91fb0b6f3e4f9ed7fa93081dc28cb9971457779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847438.jpg?k=26ce44086992f14c487628f70051fa8c17440068eed4e26fcd8e5b88fce3b4aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364847444.jpg?k=e557e2d79632dc1021cb63892a64986f40d5e958c0674408961265af23770ecd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Stop & Go 20 m"\n  - "Behrani 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Muharrem"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“At the centre of Tirana. The owner is amazing with instructions to help you find the property and responding to our enquiries. The flat is spacious and very new inside”"\n  - name: "Bonjamin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was an amazing experience. A super clean place, very spacious with a fantastic location in a great area to stay in, just perfect!”"\n  - name: "Ligoraq"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Location was perfect from where I was looking to go, pretty centralized and on street parking right outside. Enjoyed the stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/romance-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to complimentary WiFi and parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay from the moment of arrival. The security and concierge services, along with currency exchange facilities, underscore the apartment's commitment to guest satisfaction and safety.

The apartment itself boasts an impressive layout, featuring two bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a dining space, a fully equipped kitchen, and a balcony offering captivating city views. The private entrance and complimentary fruit basket add a personal touch to the welcoming atmosphere. Designed with health in mind, the apartment is both allergy-friendly and smoke-free.

For relaxation, the property hosts a bar and a convenient minimarket. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site classes, while the surrounding area invites adventure with opportunities for skiing and cycling. ROMANCE Apartments facilitates exploration with bike and car rental services, and younger guests can enjoy the children's playground.

Situated near Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque, the apartment is ideally located for guests wishing to immerse themselves in the city's rich culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, and the offer of a paid airport shuttle, ROMANCE Apartments ensures a seamless connection to and from the city.