---\ntitle: "Rooftop Tirana"\ndescription: "Rooftop Tirana emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Albania's bustling capital, offering guests a unique blend of urban convenience and tranquil retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445073.jpg?k=f7dc0a2c722627a3cba3dc378b0b3dffb1a5b7697285508e011a54b3a441163e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rooftop-tirana\naddress: "Bardhok Biba 6,TREMA ENGENERRING TR 1713 Shkalla A, NR.35. KATI 11, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33069171\n  lng: 19.81925471\nprice: "US$87"\npriceFrom: 87\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 978\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445073.jpg?k=f7dc0a2c722627a3cba3dc378b0b3dffb1a5b7697285508e011a54b3a441163e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445063.jpg?k=e410f8d4fc00d0cc015499550b87c1afe4a74fd3adcd1595faedb16f62ec86f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445075.jpg?k=ee1603b9deeb097dab5503c57add5e170fa43d2aaf103cc890d26d4090b9b30e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445070.jpg?k=d69450b340ca1f59e811df11b6b9ef1f9977b1da5f9df2e0da085312c3e71aa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445981.jpg?k=a638878f2fac1ae86c92e184ab527b56fd7cab8d62f3ad56f0482dd1fdd0ab91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523444982.jpg?k=807634c8ae6a1722c8e4eee561be6f07952ec7955842e95440f893bf5cff9675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512463021.jpg?k=50a6ef7ee1e6c7789c74d355484c64919504a3815679113d32182f3c0a18022d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523445065.jpg?k=bbe74811a40b6717f418de600ece1b1773edf4bf3556bdeb964cfede1ef1a542&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512463052.jpg?k=7227c60db58902b07d0db403d1252a6e1b5d06b7ecdcaac68bc5f3a121791169&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Luani 20 m"\n  - "Bar - Restorant Kastrati 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Centrally located, had everything we needed pretty much. The little balcony was nice. Staff were lovely, Mira and her colleagues went out of their way to help us with anything we needed, replying to us quickly, recommending places to go and...”"\n  - name: "Fatos"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic place great location!
Shout out to Mira! She was very professional and warm welcome”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, great view, very clean with all essentials included. Besa gave us excellent customer service and support during our stay. Highly recommend the place.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooftop-choose-balkans.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach unit within Rooftop Tirana is a testament to modern comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms equipped with showers and slippers, ensuring a stay that marries convenience with luxury. For those desiring a breath of fresh air, select rooms also boast terraces, offering a private slice of the city's skyline. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the aparthotel's commitment to guest comfort.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests have the city at their fingertips. Rooftop Tirana is strategically positioned near several of Tirana's must-see attractions, including the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the intriguing House of Leaves. For those looking to explore further afield, the aparthotel facilitates adventure with sightseeing tours and a car rental service, ensuring that the best of Tirana is never out of reach.

For international travelers, the convenience is further amplified by the aparthotel's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure seamless arrivals and departures.

Rooftop Tirana stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of city exploration and serene accommodation.