---\ntitle: "Rooftop privé - your comfort apartment"\ndescription: "Rooftop Privé stands out as a premier accommodation choice in Korçë, offering guests an unparalleled blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372168.jpg?k=0d2b124ff60ffce56faab234fdb020827ccd57e5e92d3bc213b20b3d76473352&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rooftop-priv-your-comfort-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Viktimat e 7 Shkurtit, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.6184823\n  lng: 20.77211301\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372168.jpg?k=0d2b124ff60ffce56faab234fdb020827ccd57e5e92d3bc213b20b3d76473352&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372171.jpg?k=9983cbc0660e5608df888c6f157a5e837b05792b43a3d516cc70c611dfca3b9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372377.jpg?k=14474489a2529f5616875fecaac307583aa5964e02d7b888d3ec04a7b78eea0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384370123.jpg?k=ce5706a28efb19cbc82a59d07bd24c3bbe2879391e3d76e5ba39dfe9e775530a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372174.jpg?k=d0da0c1052b9de754e4f7d0f96e8c4ec875502d7c27e83133ec80fa1e83a0e54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384372485.jpg?k=ab3cd74bf3fcb4438c0563b8196b4c354c4f5ae4ee0e3b8f9e59a237f7056236&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Osteria 100 m"\n  - "Shend E Vere 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 850 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 950 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 46 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilona"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The property is located about a 5 minute walk from the Bazzar area where there are many restaurants and cafes. There is a supermarket less than 5 minutes away and the pedestrian area and church are not more than a 15 minute walk. We found parking...”"\n  - name: "Shaqir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Central location, nice big apartment, great view and warm inside”"\n  - name: "Alba"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is spacious and very well furnished, with all the facilities needed. We were a group of five friends and enjoyed very much the stay. The owners have also provided snacks and fruits, and were very kind. Great communication!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooftop-prive-your-comfort-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Rooftop Privé are treated to breathtaking city and mountain views from their very own balconies, a feature that significantly enhances the stay experience. The apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, boasting cable flat-screen TVs, well-equipped kitchens, and private bathrooms complete with bidets, slippers, and hair dryers. The inclusion of dishwashers, ovens, microwaves, coffee machines, and kettles in each unit adds a layer of convenience for guests, allowing them to feel right at home.

Moreover, the attention to detail is evident in the provision of high-quality bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The added benefits of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking further contribute to the hassle-free experience, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the area with ease.

Situated 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Rooftop Privé not only promises ease of access but also serves as a cozy retreat after a day of adventure or relaxation. Whether traveling as a family or solo, this apartment complex caters to the needs of all guests, promising a memorable stay in Korçë.