---\ntitle: "ROOMS EMILIANO Castle of Kruja"\ndescription: "ROOMS EMILIANO Castle of Kruja emerges as a charming retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience amidst the historical backdrop of Krujë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70339781.jpg?k=79d78bcf2f8a57495447fd669714244e09cba3f974f720733919393b0056f076&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rooms-emiliano-castle-of-kruja\naddress: "Castle of Kruja, 0511 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50723475\n  lng: 19.79530925\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2257\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/70339781.jpg?k=79d78bcf2f8a57495447fd669714244e09cba3f974f720733919393b0056f076&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279983186.jpg?k=338f2a76a59f9e2d7d6293968a3b8981911f1c7f24958767aed56b42b633156d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279983663.jpg?k=5a50f7e535d57851ee0361918f3320fa661084f381f600350771084688e12677&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279983571.jpg?k=2632272a6bce97ecd0d8c7fe9a79c9bd9ebe63fcc94f0d3d0b9edfb77f019d23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279983487.jpg?k=6acaf40c7f0a68d983c85850afb5174d5ca46db09ea5a17a6fad80ce5580d1e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/279983387.jpg?k=98d53208f8f79e5abdc6e28779988529693a9f0e43c80464483dd353fd80af8a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Bardhi 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Merlika 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 18 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 18 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 19 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 19 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Terol"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The family who manage the rooms is very nice and helpful. We stayed in a small house with bathroom. The homemade dinner by the fireplace was very good and tasty. We really enjoyed our stay. I recommend it 100%.”"\n  - name: "Alex"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This was excellent for me. It has the best views of the area, the staff were brilliant and spoke perfect English with me, the bathroom has good hot water, the main room was easily heated with air con, the food was delicious and they even gave me a...”"\n  - name: "Veronika"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice and comfortable room, excelent location at the castle, perfect breakfast and dinner, the owner and his whole family are very kind and proffesional.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooms-emiliano.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the promise of modern amenities in a picturesque setting. Each air-conditioned unit is thoughtfully equipped with a desk, coffee machine, fridge, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with a bidet. The addition of a terrace or patio in every room, offering an outdoor dining area and sweeping garden views, ensures that relaxation is never more than a few steps away. Complimentary bed linen and towels underscore the guest house's commitment to comfort.

Dining at ROOMS EMILIANO is an experience in itself, with the on-site restaurant welcoming guests for dinner, lunch, and high tea. The family-friendly atmosphere makes it a perfect spot for guests of all ages to enjoy a meal together.

For those traveling with children, the guest house does not disappoint. A well-equipped children's playground and a picnic area provide ample opportunities for family fun and outdoor enjoyment.

Situated 49 km from the Rock of Kavaje and 31 km from the House of Leaves, ROOMS EMILIANO Castle of Kruja serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The convenience of being just 18 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, coupled with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, adds to the appeal for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, ROOMS EMILIANO Castle of Kruja offers a welcoming blend of historical charm, modern amenities, and family-friendly facilities, making it a compelling choice for travelers looking to explore the beauty and heritage of Krujë.