---\ntitle: "Rooms Nesti INSIDE OF CASTLE"\ndescription: "Rooms Nesti INSIDE OF CASTLE, located in the historic heart of Krujë, presents a unique accommodation experience just 32 km from Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800640.jpg?k=91e378bdc93dfa8ac0a41b89aae4bb5621d7e1bd0bfbfc0e2954dac041da87df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rooms-nesti-inside-of-castle\naddress: "Rruga Kala Kruje, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.508632\n  lng: 19.794269\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 2\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800640.jpg?k=91e378bdc93dfa8ac0a41b89aae4bb5621d7e1bd0bfbfc0e2954dac041da87df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800661.jpg?k=91447887017b07121b6d2884c607efb0a9a19bda1a66e60bb879367605c1019f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800677.jpg?k=be1dd8867004c5e0b2d28059e8b37f260c44906edbe35cd3497fb8bb35a2bf18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800668.jpg?k=9bec12ae20e8b222fecbe78ebeac615c01f9021119abfd6e67224c5f28e7e29d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478644635.jpg?k=a2268a3760481c3d023e3c54bb7f10b535227a831d5b55212a225f76c0e041f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440800665.jpg?k=6642482c77d27a86bfd512e99bbafecec54a055a7b5009e3bd15661718dfeee7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jasmijn"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“This hotel is situated inside the old castle of Kruja, which provides you with an amazing view. The owner is incredibly friendly, and even though I was one of few guests (I was staying during the low season) he made me breakfast and served me...”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The location was 100% perfect, the owner was super helpful and simply wanting you to feel relaxed. Food was great, fabulous wine with generous measures too. You are inside a castle and so peaceful to wake up in and spend an evening on the...”"\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“- The adjacent restaurant had really good food, and was well priced.
- The views are SPECTACULAR
- The staff were all lovely
- Perfect location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooms-nesti-kruje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nFor those seeking refreshment or a casual meeting spot, the hotel's bar serves a variety of drinks in a relaxed atmosphere. Despite its ancient backdrop, Rooms Nesti ensures contemporary services such as room service, catering to the needs of every guest.

Adventure seekers and cultural enthusiasts will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car within a 35 km reach, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Additionally, the hotel's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, located 32 km away, provides an intriguing glimpse into Albania's history.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 18 km from the hotel, making Rooms Nesti INSIDE OF CASTLE an accessible retreat for international travelers seeking a blend of historical exploration and modern comfort.