---\ntitle: "Rooms by George"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Dhërmi with a stay at Rooms by George, a serene retreat located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Dhermi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482234438.jpg?k=17e25e5d630b1e28aa13f2cf7c82b11bcf3f1203de3cc7ca70225126fe824a71&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rooms-by-george\naddress: "Dhermi Kontraqe, 9425 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15396116\n  lng: 19.63025098\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482234438.jpg?k=17e25e5d630b1e28aa13f2cf7c82b11bcf3f1203de3cc7ca70225126fe824a71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484736100.jpg?k=cc57407eb9dd688ce29b8da2f00053737f33a262d6349cbae3033e9512526903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482235321.jpg?k=f713fb95c44a1b7205387b2f7560ba090d6876d16e241b4fbb14bea6390f7c17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482234896.jpg?k=f9a660db3551c16dea46566e373b776e1c55e9984ed209f5693e66e0b443b749&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476438159.jpg?k=bb89f7cf265a8a0af27cac298cb7ea5ce4f8e8347b145739d2d8b29678db25d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484672512.jpg?k=c5033975f0a26538c709955dcd9190c3fcab63eea105bec7ff83f77d9a69075d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476546452.jpg?k=8cf242f64a4c9b237d223c580d888e7cf374955084e6c1b048f22c6749547e27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476544796.jpg?k=dd6b2e407b7c2ba101d2a0199c84982261bc7588232be397ab1bfe9ca17ad7c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488885715.jpg?k=006845f9dbc5762122c16ab961d9d863abc641d02e77fd7c0406c32a4af64295&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Harrys Creperie 300 m"\n  - "Restorant Genti 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Dhermi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 65 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mirsa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The hosts truly stood out with their exceptional kindness and helpfulness throughout my stay. Their warmth and assistance made me feel right at home. The room itself was a delightful heaven of comfort and space. The sparkling cleanliness of the...”"\n  - name: "Dhimitri"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Good location, new rooms, comfortable beds. Very good price”"\n  - name: "Claire"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Moderne, schone kamer. Parkeren kan op eigen terrein, de weg er naartoe is een beetje spannend (hobbelig en smal). Eigenaren waren erg vriendelijk. Een super verblijf gehad!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooms-to-rent-by-george.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nRooms by George is more than just a place to stay; it's a haven where each apartment is thoughtfully equipped to ensure a comfortable and memorable experience. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air-conditioned spaces, each boasting a flat-screen TV for entertainment and a private bathroom outfitted with a shower and hair dryer for convenience. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

What sets Rooms by George apart are the options available to guests. Select units feature either a balcony or a patio, offering stunning mountain views that promise to enchant nature lovers and photography enthusiasts alike. The presence of a terrace in every unit invites guests to unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere, making every moment spent here truly special.

For those concerned about connectivity and mobility, the property offers complimentary WiFi and private parking, addressing the needs of the modern traveler. Despite its secluded feel, Rooms by George is conveniently located just 1.6 km from Palasa Beach, offering easy access to one of the area's most beautiful beaches.

Situated 161 km from Ioannina Airport, the property provides a perfect base for exploring the beauty of Dhërmi and its surroundings. Whether it's a family vacation or a solo retreat, Rooms by George promises an unforgettable stay that combines comfort, convenience, and the natural beauty of the Albanian coastline.