---\ntitle: "Rosemary House"\ndescription: "Rosemary House emerges as a serene retreat, located approximately 27 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374060669.jpg?k=9c3da8a8eb4ad8a949bbdf423197f919a9c0a800b58edb25df37ece719e782b1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rosemary-house\naddress: "Sarande Nivice, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.94854765\n  lng: 19.96911326\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374060669.jpg?k=9c3da8a8eb4ad8a949bbdf423197f919a9c0a800b58edb25df37ece719e782b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416933404.jpg?k=45d97134e2cd2e8a5b64561bb50f60d7dbe1fcf211e19382720aab6dce683440&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416933987.jpg?k=a5e8d0631636ce80f8ba3058e8de9629100613b4e518561da3c70bd137b0a4b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416933438.jpg?k=3cea3c026557e5d9f4c26b7cdce216f2d940dee634ef9ed9522a5521da5e31e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456272628.jpg?k=159441aa72fce6044b453e627e23ac0ccea4bc1835f4076acdf35754906d1494&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468482720.jpg?k=3087a398dfe5a157e22130f19750abfb925e0739f0c38f14f9306a4f3f2aba85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Studio with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Muzhaqi 100 m"\n  - "V & U 5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Krorëza Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Kakomes Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Lukova Beach 5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 8 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 38 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sander"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Lovely lady who owns the place. She doesn´t speak English (understandably) but she was super helpful making sure we had everything necessary and called her daughter who does speak English to talk to us. This to make sure we were happy with the...”"\n  - name: "Lucie"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“A beautiful house with a fantastic view from the wine covered terrace, that view makes you feel like you are on top of the world and a staff that makes you feel like you are the most important guest they ever had :)
A small bonus: we especially...”"\n  - name: "Louisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We staid here for 5 nights and it was by far the best stay we had in albania. Eli (the owner of the house) was so sweet, we talked a lot (even we didn’t understand each others languages), she gave us food and even helped when we had a little...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rosemary-house-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Rosemary House are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the warm, sun-drenched days. The presence of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the convenience, allowing guests to stay connected and explore the surrounding area with ease.

The interiors boast a harmonious blend of functionality and comfort. Guests are treated to a flat-screen TV, a well-appointed kitchen, and a private bathroom that includes a shower, a hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. The inclusion of an oven, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle in each unit ensures that guests have everything they need for a self-sufficient stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels underscores the country house's commitment to guest comfort.

For those seeking a touch of convenience, a minimarket on the premises offers a selection of essentials, allowing guests to easily procure any last-minute needs.

The garden at Rosemary House invites guests to unwind and immerse themselves in the natural beauty of the surroundings. It serves as a peaceful haven where one can relax and rejuvenate amidst lush greenery.

Situated 104 km from Ioannina Airport, Rosemary House is accessible yet feels like a world apart, offering a perfect blend of convenience and seclusion for travelers seeking a peaceful retreat.