---\ntitle: "Rosemarine Villas"\ndescription: "Rosemarine Villas emerges as a serene oasis, located a mere 43 km away from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, offering a unique blend of comfort and luxury with its accommodations that boast patios, an infinity pool, and lush garden surroundings."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488344981.jpg?k=ac0fdc498c2a1cb77524a88b4bd520999df74a7ea32bc9534430606faca8a71d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rosemarine-villas\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.51392279\n  lng: 19.5193039\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488344981.jpg?k=ac0fdc498c2a1cb77524a88b4bd520999df74a7ea32bc9534430606faca8a71d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486675883.jpg?k=f3fc72bfacb3210faf4a7d0fbd7227af049e8f8e399d8cb6570d1b0dfd9062e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488344988.jpg?k=16a44752684bf38fbb05259c922d853ca2e3f91cc1b7f4d2cc61406636c40711&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488544134.jpg?k=c57676b5e24a2c8cae893ec239b2737bfe07ce63897121db94d590a3d3547aa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488542329.jpg?k=b950d38500ac44f2ea94fc0608cfbde737e805690ca9cafe7f41594d5d91fb06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488535225.jpg?k=148b292e2386bc3f50f0725a7ce412a5fce91fd0495f26d1d6f697a25fab724e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488550875.jpg?k=ea4c4213cc9d672ea1847ce56fb44a55f7c22a229425fdc81d016cd724de1ad8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494389615.jpg?k=c08706a6cff5f77ccd6e209a0d80e53719b192d2f0e21fbaeef0e4370af86fb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494389277.jpg?k=61f6d1a46957b7ff950da2b87f54ca25d7c976060e8ef3004894cbc87ec734ea&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Toni 300 m"\n  - "Restorant Agasi 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 350 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katerina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“A beautifully decorated apartament with swimming pool and great amenities, parking area, location and wonderful hosts!”"\n  - name: "Ron"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The apartment is new and beautifully designed. Its within easy walk of the beach, restaurants, bars and a supermarket. The swimming pool is absolutely fantastic. The sunbeds around the pool are a nice touch”"\n  - name: "Armend"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“it was very good for all things , i am vary happy about hotel , the clean it was vary good , and the welcoming was very great”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-rosemarine.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Rosemarine Villas are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and free WiFi. The living spaces extend into the outdoors with balconies that offer garden views, creating a perfect setting for relaxation. The interiors are thoughtfully appointed with a seating area, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and a microwave, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The attention to detail is evident in the private bathrooms, which are stocked with bathrobes, and the provision of a coffee machine in each unit adds a touch of convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience further with terraces and pool views, while all units come with the essential bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore the local area or simply enjoy a leisurely ride, a bicycle rental service is readily available on-site, adding a layer of convenience for adventurous guests. Additionally, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex ensures that essentials are always within reach.

Rosemarine Villas is not just about the accommodations; its location is equally impressive. The Rock of Kavaje is a mere 40 km away, offering a natural escape, while the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 43 km from the property. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 28 km away, making Rosemarine Villas an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and luxury.