---\ntitle: "Rose Apartment"\ndescription: "Rose Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356831188.jpg?k=ff98124d91aa13d476b39edd8824549498d66b7f271fc3720ea270632ae28f4e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rose-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qazim Demi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87166511\n  lng: 20.01680754\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356831188.jpg?k=ff98124d91aa13d476b39edd8824549498d66b7f271fc3720ea270632ae28f4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913189.jpg?k=9b8032288987526a88b4856dc122913b731a347af99009c941df773f3b033b2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913199.jpg?k=819634665b7e064a797a6ee3cbc9b5c88a8b7548176943ad053fcd42aa50bd4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913215.jpg?k=ed9b0283faef813eeb15d991586c12bd434fc0a64169848f986cbe62609766d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913233.jpg?k=0a6dc48ed6eccb9f1dddc3e708483de7ea4f622113585739962e602e4ae5f305&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913246.jpg?k=b12d6196f2268a320c065104c33566e68beb37501c91ec7b22885c8b12af75fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913265.jpg?k=cc9848e242808cbb3d161bb3714bdb58c8775ef31a4f5715be1abcdd2bba8ee7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913302.jpg?k=fa450b1018a69716224cc360032b418b66e12f5bdbbf0506eb6580247e619221&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448913044.jpg?k=35655ab5c5c89035d9d7abf1486437bcee71b928274e45d0e0752112cb0cf7e5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe \Enea\\"\" 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Kalija 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 250 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Weronika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The place was VERY clean, spacious and comfortable. The AC works well, there's a basic kitchen where you may prepare your meals. The location was really convenient, walking distance to the town's main beach and promenade. Owners, even though...”"\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Excellent accommodation. Spacious, new, literally 5 minutes from the promenade. Recommendation...”"\n  - name: "Felix"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice location, close to the city center but not too noisy. Good AC and smart TV.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rose-apartment-sarande1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex doesn't just boast an enviable position; it also offers a tranquil garden setting with views that promise relaxation and a sense of escape from the everyday. The addition of a sun terrace elevates the experience, allowing guests to soak in the Mediterranean sun in a serene environment.

Accommodations at Rose Apartment are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit features air conditioning and a private bathroom, ensuring a restful and comfortable stay. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, selected rooms are equipped with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, providing a home-away-from-home experience.

For explorers eager to venture beyond the comfort of their rooms, Rose Apartment facilitates adventure with its car rental service, making it effortless to explore the surrounding area. The property is conveniently located, with VIP Beach and the historic Butrint National Park within easy reach, offering a blend of relaxation and exploration.

With its combination of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury, Rose Apartment is an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë. Whether it's lounging on nearby beaches or exploring the rich cultural heritage of the area, guests are sure to find an experience that resonates with their travel aspirations.