---\ntitle: "Roumers Himara"\ndescription: "Roumers Himara emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and natural beauty, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Spille Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520556135.jpg?k=da3008c339a9e0d955070b99a0605ced7b775060c7a7f7e9779ee3ce9eb62593&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: roumers-himara\naddress: "Himare - Stefanel Road, Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10084887\n  lng: 19.75085173\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520556135.jpg?k=da3008c339a9e0d955070b99a0605ced7b775060c7a7f7e9779ee3ce9eb62593&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520563501.jpg?k=601d284c27211f0df7308ef29eea71c1b3945b4cbd886ba01d8d5067b75c04ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520882122.jpg?k=ddacd029f867edb355eadabf1a9b61d59060fa68f91f3a307e0764eea3d509bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520557065.jpg?k=f8fc33211562b94f19fd1da3fde51971948f55ba6b60331f97b36a1a2c641168&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520556588.jpg?k=c6086837871c0923c3ca902e67433d4a1138c033e4a56ff4032d2bdb95a7f48f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520566223.jpg?k=9b425382df3739ed8df6b6076766683203def8fc31e8a988090345739f340739&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520882096.jpg?k=39cb25ed605d6db51491bb3944d23cd20a7149a61cc5541b0747e07197e405f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520555585.jpg?k=cb9975f2adacf56f8da07a7b8de71dbc69fd404ef5853123ca9b0bf21ce73a9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520556851.jpg?k=9b816640bd58246768a850bd2fecb2c603cbbbc3552011704c8ffbde2f127296&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Kreperi-CORNER 150 m"\n  - "Restorant Maistro 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maracit Beach 200 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 200 m"\n  - "Spille Beach 300 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 650 m"\n  - "Gjiri i Filikurit Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eden"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“View was absolutely amazing! Great spacious area and comfortable bed. Loved our stay here.”"\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Location is on a high hill so the view is awesome! Apartment is very nice and clean. Hosts are very kind and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Miltos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Amazing View, amazing host, it felt like home, very reasonable price for what we got, very profecional and above all just walking 200meters from Maraci Beach and a 5-minute Walk to city centre, Spilia Beach and Potam. We loved everything!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/roomers-himara.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Roumers Himara is thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and convenience, featuring a private entrance that underscores the establishment's commitment to privacy and ease for its guests. The interiors are spacious, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities and home-like warmth. Guests are treated to breathtaking sea views from a terrace, creating the perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening wind-down. The living spaces are well-appointed with comfortable seating areas and flat-screen TVs, alongside fully equipped kitchens that include an oven and a fridge, catering to all culinary needs.

The charm of Roumers Himara is further enhanced by the inclusion of private bathrooms with walk-in showers, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. For those who appreciate the beauty of the outdoors, each unit boasts a balcony that not only offers an outdoor dining area but also presents stunning mountain views, adding another layer of tranquility to the guest experience. Additionally, the presence of a desk in all units caters to the needs of business travelers or guests who wish to stay connected.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests find themselves within easy reach of the area's natural wonders. Prinos Beach and Maracit Beach are both conveniently located 500 meters away, inviting guests to explore the diverse coastal landscapes. For those traveling from afar, Ioannina Airport is situated 143 km from Roumers Himara, making it a feasible getaway destination.

Roumers Himara stands as a testament to the perfect marriage of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay for families and solo travelers alike.