---\ntitle: "Royal apartament"\ndescription: "Royal Apartament emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370361926.jpg?k=284b36403de959339ef345beca8160d06930fd23977758dc4cee84656bb3ed3f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-apartament\naddress: "Shetitorja e Plazhit Next to Royal G hotel, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31442105\n  lng: 19.473472\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 20\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370361926.jpg?k=284b36403de959339ef345beca8160d06930fd23977758dc4cee84656bb3ed3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400610647.jpg?k=7bec76097cde42baec92760d5a4221356f0ad8fc032e834c9fe993d220f1a8eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400610562.jpg?k=660ba20d65a2123b24c8c9bcf52157248b13dbeab911d00ba60f563f4a62e189&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400609921.jpg?k=500873811c5022772b071b1c7fc92327e7e147749ce9496a3779f8a7aacd350d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400610272.jpg?k=a8332f31cb251ed56827758ceae7dc6901d4b5382306451a97d7e9ec7105559a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385291281.jpg?k=bad0580e441fe8d5a44b064eca0ce7d3360245661ca63f4e8dcf9b17a0784ee0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400610793.jpg?k=5c3a3b15477d3895df371ce667f7c6c68a9b67ad9f18551d91fd1cbf8dc5199c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400610439.jpg?k=30d7616a1a8de93ff0d766e1cacfc2ee9be33920069681f276e09bdf3c9ba141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434129650.jpg?k=83b4d34662fb4fef462d004c0c298deff9739b6cd3bd1cb57ccb5e035ba2eec8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "qetu kom me u kon gjithqysh daja 40 m"\n  - "Pizza Napoli 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 40 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anastasiia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment equipped with everything necessary for living, 1 minute from the beach, 2 minutes from cafes and supermarkets. Masha is a very kind person and is always in touch. During your stay, you get the impression that you really live in...”"\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“The apartment is exceptional. The furniture and the renovation are of great quality and taste. If you like the photos, you definitely won't be disappointed. I couldn't find any apartment that comes close to Masha's neither in Durres nor in Vlore....”"\n  - name: "Adriana-mariana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Masha is wonderful, the apartment is fully furnished and equipped with everything you need. Location close to the beach, maximum 2 minutes walk, but without sea view. A small electrical failure occurred, but it was spotted very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/royal-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPositioned 41 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and a mere 3.6 km from the ancient Durres Amphitheatre, Royal Apartament is an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The proximity to the House of Leaves, 37 km away, adds another layer of intrigue for history enthusiasts.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and luxury, featuring a bedroom designed for restful nights, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to every culinary need. With amenities including a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge, guests have everything at their fingertips to create memorable meals. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort to the experience. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and healthy environment for all guests.

For those looking to explore the surroundings at their own pace, a car rental service is conveniently available on-site. Further afield, the Rock of Kavaje is just 7.7 km away, offering a unique natural attraction, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located 37 km from the apartment, presenting a fascinating glimpse into the country's past.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 31 km away, making Royal Apartament a well-positioned retreat for both domestic and international travelers. This accommodation stands out as a top-tier choice for those seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of Durrës while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed apartment.