---\ntitle: "Royal 520"\ndescription: "Royal 520 emerges as a premier beachfront destination in Durrës, boasting an enviable location just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach and within a comfortable distance of 37 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429480116.jpg?k=e63f358616d975675a6b3e815109d664064d95f2b1653fb5ab9c54c1feaabdf5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-520\naddress: "8F7F+QHG, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31452567\n  lng: 19.47420584\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 7.8\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429480116.jpg?k=e63f358616d975675a6b3e815109d664064d95f2b1653fb5ab9c54c1feaabdf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208848.jpg?k=cc8fdc055ce7868887e141c2f50e7c1ba5179c875366f41b549ebd4a528b41eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208920.jpg?k=e92ca90059b26060d88481ba41531cc70d2d22fd9327281d78f7faf27f4cc155&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434464618.jpg?k=469fc9cd20c5c8b986fe9803469e492b8a904cf55f4d62232818eef610532620&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208867.jpg?k=034b08868398edab0aef86f609d88f9a21da6e8b7e4aa64b306288874a36be61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208843.jpg?k=374d66be12ed77c4c79071dbc5ad5ad3327b28d9e256b8e15e9da45634411ef3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208829.jpg?k=bedd142f2c0de655c957060943b6ebba9a72fc9477e9485c027a9d9861c70a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208836.jpg?k=10efee9a188fa4f2592fddb6fe46501a86c29c5f069c482e1a6fc515edb72ee6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426208792.jpg?k=1f0deee0113d9c160872565d4cfe92b9470782b87766ebc46c8d7f7d18a0aebe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Napoli 10 m"\n  - "Troy Piceri Grill House 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gabrijel"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The property was nice and clean and everything matched the images. The beach was really close”"\n  - name: "Yulia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Розташування прекрасне, апартаменти досить просторі, техніка нова, кондиціонери у всіх кімнатах”"\n  - name: "Sprotte"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das App. ist modern ausgestattet, mit mehreren Balkons. Die Entfernung zum Meer ist ideal. Die Vermietung ist sehr freundlich.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2-bedrooms-apartment-520.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Royal 520 is undoubtedly its spacious apartment, which offers breathtaking sea views from a private terrace. Designed to accommodate the modern traveler, the apartment includes two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that boasts both an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, ensures a comfortable and hassle-free stay. For those who relish dining al fresco, the property also features an inviting outdoor dining area.

Adding to the charm of Royal 520 is a quaint coffee shop and bar, perfect for guests to unwind and enjoy leisurely moments. For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers an adventurous escape 41 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje, located just 7.7 km from the property, presents an opportunity for exploration and discovery. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 31 km away, making Royal 520 an accessible retreat for both international and domestic travelers seeking a serene beachfront getaway with all the comforts of home.