---\ntitle: "Royal Apartment Luxury Holiday for Queen and King"\ndescription: "Royal Apartment Luxury Holiday for Queen and King emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60945405.jpg?k=eefb68c4f19e9392eb7271f1db7e0f32449233d9f3685d3227cb7f9be53ab7a3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-apartment-luxury-holiday-for-queen-and-king\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, rruga Bilal Golemi, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87056129\n  lng: 20.00063854\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60945405.jpg?k=eefb68c4f19e9392eb7271f1db7e0f32449233d9f3685d3227cb7f9be53ab7a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453907321.jpg?k=f4db95eeb626cf7d572c9769b520a0a923e1764da501e9d434fe6c38a11a346d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373987452.jpg?k=46b826f04732881359385f629d5b61b2097ab79edeba6ac29609c85d56d11048&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350682940.jpg?k=8ea32eb5c26e49b6a71c94716e11c85f49cc56fb8a1b9021cea061ae7461059e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289448200.jpg?k=aed26517c7ca33c582369af9a480c2a8ef363149169716f0c94da3bbae58b63b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373985962.jpg?k=d189905e127084f0963c24c3235209f413182c7888fe174ac0e930774ac9699c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373987689.jpg?k=f9bf2a82062efbf5d7d63ed76cff732dfa8496e80f1142035ae8afa2766c2270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308790868.jpg?k=ac380dbc1bbe80b55372b034731e1c55c21ad686a8b8120ec1d29706e5b3df53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454035058.jpg?k=dc66f586bfdf5a5e612de031c3940939fb9e76529cd4a875c51025ccdfe5900a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taste of Tradition 100 m"\n  - "Friends 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 200 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gino"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Luxury apartment with amazing sea views! The atmosphere in city is quiet and wonderful! Everything was super, the service is top notch! New house 2 minutes from the sea ! The location and view from the balcony is simply beyond praise! Excellent...”"\n  - name: "Onni"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Alisia and Pavlo were amazing, especially Pavlo. He was making everything possible for us. Perfect location in a new and prestigious area of Saranda, only 2 minutes away from a big supermarket Spar and some nice restaurants just a few minutes away...”"\n  - name: "Xhavit"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great location, nice and big apartment with wonderful terrace!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/butrinti-studio-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essentials such as bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment. The dining space and a fully equipped kitchen cater to guests' culinary needs, while the terrace offers breathtaking sea views, enhancing the stay with a picturesque backdrop. Additionally, the balcony, adorned with outdoor furniture, presents a serene mountain vista, offering a perfect setting for relaxation. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a comfortable and peaceful environment.

For convenience, the property boasts a coffee shop and a minimarket, addressing guests' immediate needs without having to leave the comfort of the premises. Those looking to explore the area will find sightseeing tours readily available, and for those seeking entertainment, an on-site casino and nearby hiking opportunities promise a memorable stay.

Royal Apartment Luxury Holiday for Queen and King is ideally located, with Sarande Main Beach, Saranda City Beach, and La Petite Beach within easy reach, making it a strategic base for beach enthusiasts. For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 97 km away, with airport transfers provided by the accommodation and a car rental service available for those wishing to explore further afield.

In summary, Royal Apartment Luxury Holiday for Queen and King offers a harmonious blend of luxury, location, and leisure, making it a distinguished choice for those visiting Sarandë.