---\ntitle: "Royal Hill Hotel"\ndescription: "Royal Hill Hotel emerges as a serene oasis just a stone's throw away from the bustling heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854747.jpg?k=b4f020048228c069b529a45b3ff0a36d4004e0a8a6f2f8700ad4e6da782afeb7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-hill-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Bliri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.36928072\n  lng: 19.67928712\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 372\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854747.jpg?k=b4f020048228c069b529a45b3ff0a36d4004e0a8a6f2f8700ad4e6da782afeb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854616.jpg?k=b11f345d053e63bc07b59368bf75fc463affdab090d0c53e9260028b354f4538&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854240.jpg?k=8f3bc2f000a42edbbdee34d30804758ecdf0698b68c7aeda0194ed2db3603675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/56335343.jpg?k=03ef36d66337184a10f41cdf14c752e2b8ed91ca498be30a3a81a007aaa425ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854385.jpg?k=a6ccbc0972b4ce627fc2dc759fd03383a098422b772252ebd63167fbccc16297&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185854518.jpg?k=f9f7fd270a5667e3f42e6cf691364c703041c3f50856528e43cd96a23910cb36&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Large Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 12 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 12 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 13 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 13 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 13 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 13 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 13 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 13 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 14 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 15 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Shehi Winery & Wineyards 550 m"\n  - "Best Chef 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 10 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 4.5 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 91 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Seppo"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Great place to wait Your flight. Service was exellent, even the transpot very early in the morning to my fligt was just in time.”"\n  - name: "Santa"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“We didn't expect to see what we had there! Usually photos are better, but here was opposite! Photos looks great, but in the real life- even much more better! 🤩 I lost my words when I arrived there! For this price we got a palace! 😍 And just with a...”"\n  - name: "Sonette"\n    country: "Malta"\n    text: "“A beautiful and comfortable hotel with a stunning pool. Our 2nd visit here and it won't be the last.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/royal-hill-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Pool Access"\nbestCategories: "Pool Access"\ncategory: "Pool Access"\n---\n\nThis esteemed hotel boasts a plethora of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. A seasonal outdoor swimming pool invites guests to unwind and soak up the sun, while the on-site restaurant serves a variety of delectable dishes that cater to diverse palates. For those who prefer a more intimate setting, the hotel offers the convenience of room service. Additionally, guests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary private parking, a rarity in such a sought-after location.

Accommodations at Royal Hill Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that is both productive and relaxing. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are stocked with complimentary toiletries. Select rooms further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a patio, offering a private outdoor space to enjoy the serene surroundings. Essential amenities such as bed linen and towels are provided in every room, underscoring the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For added convenience, Royal Hill Hotel offers a range of services including luggage storage, currency exchange, and a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, merely 8 km away. Whether visiting for business or leisure, guests will find Royal Hill Hotel to be an impeccable choice, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and exceptional service.