---\ntitle: "Royal King and Queen apartment for Luxury Life"\ndescription: "Royal King and Queen Apartment for Luxury Life emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking an exceptional stay in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119485229.jpg?k=3bc0a3cce19de8c0a9ba94ed08f162331f13650571967132a791b0c07d50cf66&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-king-and-queen-apartment-for-luxury-life\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87120891\n  lng: 19.99387577\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119485229.jpg?k=3bc0a3cce19de8c0a9ba94ed08f162331f13650571967132a791b0c07d50cf66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119089673.jpg?k=e25a31b09bf25ffda275d0f3bb002aa2731a48d00acd68c122d667724e82d39b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158005736.jpg?k=e14d78536b754afa509b0b12ff31abd089f80189e76d0fab9b3945d7c29ac69c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119836894.jpg?k=b5a6bf6ad3d5adcfd4e14bbc9171423c928500d094c30f48dda89f590f96b008&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119088392.jpg?k=0e2475eafa438d7dca658ec3a5ade6739299f0614a08996a936ff80c58152f07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119230772.jpg?k=c8a1f797600435af255e8d41c1268597756a1859830cd9d7709016d936e95a3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376001489.jpg?k=274ea17b371e066add9856bfeb7ea1f57e3d10f14f8848dc6aeb6f2b37a9b7f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158005704.jpg?k=10b0bf54939877df73222a2fc37bdcf94f14938bc0a573cc55fff6e4525348c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119089476.jpg?k=1f55fea448cd6c8dbf658831921bccd0c7b6e2869e5b9353bf07fa9b16283606&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\n  - "Fredi 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 0 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ewelina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment combines a decent level of service, home comfort and luxurious style. The apartment has 2 large beds in the bedrooms and a huge sofa in the living room. There is a large dining table for eating. In the kitchen you will find...”"\n  - name: "Sophie"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great view! The best experiences! Wonderful manager Alisa met us at home, tried very hard to make the guests comfortable. Perfect cleanliness, incredible amount of necessary things in the apartment! The kitchen is equipped with all the equipment...”"\n  - name: "Oliver"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Amazing view, spacios and very clean apartment, modern kitchen. The beach is just right in front of the building, absolutley safe and nice enviroment. Beach itself very well prepared every morning - clean and ready. sand \"combed\" and rocks on...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/royal-king-and-queen-apartment-for-luxury-life.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nGuests of this luxurious apartment will find themselves enveloped in comfort, thanks to the air-conditioned spaces that boast a balcony offering sweeping sea views, a testament to the thoughtfulness that has gone into every aspect of the accommodation. The apartment is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a bathroom, and includes essentials such as bed linen and towels, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with the comforts of home. The living space is further enhanced by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the art of cooking. The addition of a terrace invites guests to relax and soak in the scenic vistas that surround the property.

For those who value privacy and tranquility, the apartment's private entrance and soundproofing provide a serene retreat from the bustling city life. On-site amenities such as a casino, a bar, and a restaurant with an outdoor dining area cater to a variety of tastes and preferences, ensuring that leisure and entertainment are always within reach. The convenience of private parking, free WiFi, and an elevator adds to the seamless experience offered at Royal King and Queen Apartment for Luxury Life.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests can explore the local area with sightseeing tours or take advantage of the car rental service to venture further afield. The proximity to Butrint National Park, located 18 km away, offers an opportunity for adventure and exploration, while the availability of a paid airport shuttle service to Ioannina Airport, 98 km away, ensures ease of travel.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Royal King and Queen Apartment for Luxury Life stands out as a distinguished option for those seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and excitement of Sarandë.