---\ntitle: "Royal G Hotel and Spa"\ndescription: "Royal G Hotel and Spa stands as a beacon of luxury in Durrës, offering guests an unparalleled 5-star experience right on the beachfront."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153952470.jpg?k=0088b14a0f1f2773997ea95c2adacd4f4f774c0270c48e3d03a424242e016318&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-g-hotel-and-spa\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia Plazh Apollonia, Lagja 13, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31409919\n  lng: 19.47352129\nprice: "US$85"\npriceFrom: 85\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 213\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/153952470.jpg?k=0088b14a0f1f2773997ea95c2adacd4f4f774c0270c48e3d03a424242e016318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287892617.jpg?k=3c2c828a734a59be56fb90d84266d8d368818393cd586d7a06b7c959390ef358&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287892685.jpg?k=81acb193f17ec0943f60a60f5c0b6e744bc9174373db9822dac27d54d8b4f001&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200637797.jpg?k=ff915e9086d05c2a03e4a0a7e84327acf2da21549951dcaf5d7cc3132a57c83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401298457.jpg?k=42c9cc368512fa4da437df2472f362ff4f3ee7c84a7b5a1c8430807b7f4d4f48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401296018.jpg?k=238dd5faacb2962f98b2faea593952fc09d96b62d69baefbb18bdf428e413078&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/162917699.jpg?k=0954425d3ac31984ed4a2e4ba271adb14d87f1d57c37eaa4c45d74b13f495c3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270182685.jpg?k=3f1840570fe762c1dff4934e1389e1cabad92dd885043f90e4bbfc73f133e270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238195376.jpg?k=93dda34728e53c83d67486b80f57b8e88b8239822e7e4f4465a6e3869a40dcc0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Emros 20 m"\n  - "Pizza Napoli 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leo"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Royal G Hotel &Spa ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
It is not just a hotel, but oasis of pleasure!
The wonderful service starts from the car parking, hospitality of the staff, generosity of the manager, drinks and cocktails, colourful kitchen menu with a variety of food and...”"\n  - name: "Gianfranco1969"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Highly recommended hotel, very well managed throughout, excellent cuisine, super breakfast, welcoming and professional staff. The breakfast girls are smiling and always present. Excellent value for money. Compliments!!!”"\n  - name: "Ada"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The staff was very friendly and helpful. The view very nice especially sunsets. Enjoyed every moment , and I totally reccommend . 10/10”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/royal-g-and-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon entering the Royal G Hotel and Spa, guests are greeted with elegantly appointed rooms, each featuring a desk and a safety deposit box for added convenience. Select accommodations elevate the experience further, offering balconies with breathtaking city views or serene spots to enjoy the coastal ambiance. Every room is thoughtfully equipped with a TV and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Culinary delights await at the hotel's restaurant, where a diverse menu of Italian, Mediterranean, and Pizza dishes caters to a variety of palates. Whether opting for the daily breakfast buffet, continental, or Italian options, guests can also find vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free selections to suit their dietary needs.

Situated just a stone's throw from Durres Beach and within easy reach of notable attractions like the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, the hotel's location is ideal for explorers and beach lovers alike. Moreover, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 31 km away, making the Royal G Hotel and Spa an accessible choice for international travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in Durrës.