---\ntitle: "Royal Blue Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Dhërmi with a stay at the Royal Blue Hotel, a gem that stands a mere 500 meters from the heart of the town."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158548462.jpg?k=cfdff21ef755fe339fe704fddcf41597d4febf25ee964b2aa907cfa47cf9e2aa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: royal-blue-hotel\naddress: "Dhermi Beach, 1001 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.14332097\n  lng: 19.63738024\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 209\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158548462.jpg?k=cfdff21ef755fe339fe704fddcf41597d4febf25ee964b2aa907cfa47cf9e2aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373769907.jpg?k=3e90c0c3704229ade58ae5c70800ae5e4f0983cbb868b36c32425ee871920057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155284536.jpg?k=e0b8c1d54f70e17813ca1864986fea384119ebd5982c6b8bd9190a597446808a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284555008.jpg?k=2e13ceca19ff593db1bd086e75bb835e2bbdcfc543a6007184314783912a44e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/155284525.jpg?k=e30bbd29aa26245a6ea370626090a3858c013c7a33952b01f721d5c8fe36dcda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373771236.jpg?k=cb06c2efb69ae56214061474bded8f6c10286cfb89827e7035fff82fbd9ef682&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373770376.jpg?k=e54c42c0901085bc30cad49ffdc56c174de8b9cc2749fbff13c269c452ab30d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284554280.jpg?k=80c1e35eda927aaf143a49448e3d963b5ce4e623dd8343eec54ff42c273179ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158533384.jpg?k=242355180551a0c33c580426ae5981b79374a14c101fb386687c9c42f28d0996&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Don Mare 40 m"\n  - "2 Lips 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Dhermi Beach 20 m"\n  - "Palasa Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 3.9 km"\n  - "Nazar Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 63 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had a lovely few days at this hotel. The room was comfortable and clean and was serviced everyday. The hotel is situated right on the beach and you have use of the sun loungers opposite which was great! The restaurant is very good - we tried a...”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location and view of the beach, included breakfast was great, helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Luisa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“everything… the location, the room, the restaurant; the food, and specially the staff there.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/royal-blue.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at the Royal Blue Hotel is a haven of comfort, boasting breathtaking sea views from private balconies. The accommodations are well-appointed with essential amenities including a television, a small fridge, and an en-suite bathroom equipped with a shower, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

For those looking to explore local cuisine, the hotel's à la carte restaurant presents a selection of dishes that promise to delight the palate. Additionally, the convenience of a grocery shop just 50 meters away and a nearby bar ensures that guests' needs are promptly met, whether they seek a quick snack or a leisurely drink.

Adventure seekers and history enthusiasts will find the Kalaja e Pirateve Fortress an intriguing visit, easily accessible from the hotel. Moreover, a tourist agency located 300 meters away offers the perfect starting point for exploring the wider region.

Transportation is readily available, with local buses stopping 100 meters from the hotel, providing connections to Himare, Saranda, and Vlore. For those traveling further afield, the Vlore Ferry Port is 40 km away, while Tirana Airport is a 260 km journey, making the Royal Blue Hotel an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

In summary, the Royal Blue Hotel emerges as a top choice for visitors to Dhërmi, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, all set against the stunning backdrop of the Albanian coastline.