---\ntitle: "Rozafa Hotel"\ndescription: "Rozafa Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Shkodër."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140442105.jpg?k=79a599c0f4bbeb7eebd18b8a4d25e79312fd5315404681aadd0ac2cc8ff4ecd2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rozafa-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Teuta 2, 4000 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06745681\n  lng: 19.51266071\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 361\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140442105.jpg?k=79a599c0f4bbeb7eebd18b8a4d25e79312fd5315404681aadd0ac2cc8ff4ecd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/283186581.jpg?k=12b63034fadd5ab26f46d64313024bf55ceca23b2f701f0278d6a6ca5ffc5dfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/283186587.jpg?k=2a6f4869aee989884c1a52fa6747f7ecfb716a4e6563a852a21f2971c4b8d177&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141514280.jpg?k=7efc33174c74bc91deb7834c25f6ccd44ac3a91e38c57899624bf4cb7639d744&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/283186597.jpg?k=8268d8a3223bd192c003603db7cdb015ff508b89c055dedbfd4f098d6052006b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/283186571.jpg?k=353473165e3c9ff6bd6e20208a0ce6ea3caf1806e4db6aa042a7cee8b97467c7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kulla Inglizit 30 m"\n  - "Te tullat e Kuqe 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.8 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petra"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“In middle of center very good location. Great nice spacious suite . Friendly and helpful staff”"\n  - name: "Sidorel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Property is easy to find, modern with everything you need.”"\n  - name: "Yoav"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The hotel is located in the middle of the city. in the center spot. everything was perfect! highly recommended !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rozafa-shkoder.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of modern amenities, including complimentary WiFi and private parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The on-site restaurant presents a selection of local and international dishes, while the hotel bar serves as a cozy spot for evening relaxation with a drink in hand.

Accommodations at Rozafa Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with either a bath or shower, complemented by slippers and free toiletries for that extra touch of hospitality. Select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind.

Around-the-clock assistance is guaranteed with the 24-hour front desk, making it easy for guests to receive support and recommendations at any time. For those looking to explore beyond Shkodër, Tirana Airport is conveniently located 84 km away, making Rozafa Hotel an ideal choice for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Rozafa Hotel stands out as a prime accommodation option, combining strategic location, essential amenities, and attentive service to ensure a memorable stay in Shkodër.