---\ntitle: "Rozafa Palace Hotel"\ndescription: "Rozafa Palace Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373782978.jpg?k=0bdb1739e3d87ec172ea3fb6fc4361556e108da9b7bccd71870e770a91855111&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rozafa-palace-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85297418\n  lng: 20.02286512\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 108\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373782978.jpg?k=0bdb1739e3d87ec172ea3fb6fc4361556e108da9b7bccd71870e770a91855111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375217501.jpg?k=c5ab384506774925e6b6d247e7ff40d1ceddacb5ae03b2821d93c607c6a3331f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375535490.jpg?k=2a94b51ea24a2308a7df8486e02d6a5ce819c9498e8a98aba6dcd94794135d6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375212625.jpg?k=31f4f48ea5f383a66a03b42345ba5b281d82eec5f60d570f953c0ed0c789aca0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375212619.jpg?k=e96c5f427e1fa8397d8e89691d3e9cab7726531e768fd712d4f1311cd2d80066&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375334900.jpg?k=8889a38ab05307e4e6baa28c969772b6c7cd52f8c729b5d9e1bede8676cf1a62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375212621.jpg?k=c19fcb016415e47c8daadd60410d248a874faf0f8fbe42eb495647d8a6e38fc2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375216137.jpg?k=bd6e7a2387f4a70fc540cf7a9c9748bcc2086efce9ca93be2fbfa034fd89442f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373781858.jpg?k=400f86ee02feaf097b5894731332e5d5ec52c6f2842b36d550abb59d65ba6547&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shpella 50 m"\n  - "Sunrise 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 300 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 600 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 650 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 400 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tatjana"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Modern nice hotel, has underground parking, staff was very nice and friendly, always ready to help. The best breakfast we had so far in Albania. Room is spacious and bed comfortable. Smart tv is a big bonus.”"\n  - name: "Patryk"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Adi the bartender was really great, even tho he didnt speak any english he was the Man. Girls in the reception were really nice and helped us with any questions that we had. Even at the last day when we were checking out we had a quick chat about...”"\n  - name: "Daria"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. The room is amazing and breakfast is delicious. The staff was very kind and friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rozafa-palace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Rozafa Palace Hotel are treated to a host of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts a welcoming terrace, complimentary private parking, and a lively bar, ensuring that relaxation and socialization are always within reach. For those arriving from afar, the convenience of airport transfers, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage services make for a hassle-free experience. Moreover, the entire property is enveloped in free WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected with ease.

Accommodations at Rozafa Palace Hotel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful night's sleep. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private balcony offers a personal oasis where guests can unwind in solitude. Private bathrooms, complete with showers, along with the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, underscore the hotel's commitment to comfort.

The hotel's location also serves as a gateway to exploring Sarandë's vibrant coastline, with Flamingo Beach, Santa Quaranta Beach, and VIP Beach all within easy reach. For those venturing further, Ioannina Airport is located 97 km away, making Rozafa Palace Hotel an accessible retreat for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Rozafa Palace Hotel presents an inviting option for those in pursuit of a serene getaway or an adventurous exploration of Sarandë's natural and cultural treasures.