---\ntitle: "Rruga Don Bosko Apartment"\ndescription: "Rruga Don Bosko Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838643.jpg?k=29a3fd9281f87953e2af0d37f55f7c2a420ad770ff137882434e87856cfd2be6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rruga-don-bosko-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Don Bosko Shekulli building, in front Vizion+ channel, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33716689\n  lng: 19.80446541\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838643.jpg?k=29a3fd9281f87953e2af0d37f55f7c2a420ad770ff137882434e87856cfd2be6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228729385.jpg?k=83843a3b911d9c6a280453744ee6a05fce24b6534a02344ea9f0cc03c00d7d69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228729955.jpg?k=73e549e6c0f63736b33083ffd8a07d5191e34035250b4560ee600505faa1e08f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228727341.jpg?k=eea2cbf6be5ebc50d50c8c77d1ffd05a073079e849e058a516da17026814f3a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337369971.jpg?k=f06cbd68f2e36e3982eda3264920af7a6ee852eccf6154bca6f40ccd8224ef45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838666.jpg?k=1081b5b93f7b6a341d27203830108bdfd79b8704d1c3399b1c15849784641981&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228728913.jpg?k=dabd8300a2d04d61384963f0f2ad9f2173cc4d3ecd725ae4c2d575971a88bdd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228729846.jpg?k=42c4e9de04e47e5ef8bd1ec3047ba63e86a60a71a0ab4a1ec81ef106bf87f57a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838664.jpg?k=a2c3d8783fdcdfc2a806e6bff5a0d2b5feb4cbd32ce2c39c3cfbe3adece7625f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838675.jpg?k=f78cd2c4692f6f782650a4e65f589195874088510044ba891dbb6e554d74a5b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183838688.jpg?k=6b179351ef1500e254ca55858b127c0ad53e0ae639dc7b1fe76517ad308bb67c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228729679.jpg?k=216af846c45940f192d28f6317a2f9ce223df4c82a1cfbc2f368c33bf7799838&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Leone 4 m"\n  - "Golden Day 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Everything! Based on the former comments… it changed a lot. There’s an air conditioning now and a fridge. The owner also provided me plastic cutlery and cups. What was very cute, it was the chips and drinks as snacks that she left on the table....”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“the apartment was clean comfortable and as described. no problem with check in ..,close enough to walk to the bus station . plenty of shops food resteraunts outside”"\n  - name: "Lei"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Everything is nice, and up to a good standard, close to a local market and many restaurants which is convenient.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rruga-don-bosko-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nPositioned merely 2.9 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a brief 1.8 km jaunt to the vibrant Skanderbeg Square, guests are in an ideal spot to explore the rich tapestry of the city's history and culture. Additionally, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views from above, is located just 5.9 km away, making it an accessible adventure for those looking to experience the natural beauty surrounding the city.

The apartment itself is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a flat-screen TV for entertainment and a bedroom outfitted with cozy towels and bed linen, ensuring a restful night's sleep. The added convenience of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy and exclusivity for guests during their stay.

Connectivity is seamless with free WiFi available throughout the property, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Moreover, the apartment's proximity to cultural institutions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the intriguing House of Leaves, and the prestigious National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, positions it as an attractive lodging option for those eager to immerse themselves in Albania's rich cultural scene.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 12 km away, making Rruga Don Bosko Apartment a well-connected retreat in the bustling city. Whether it's the allure of historical exploration or the simple pleasure of a city break, this apartment promises a stay that combines ease with exploration.