---\ntitle: "RTSH Apartment"\ndescription: "RTSH Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513397.jpg?k=08420d1facb66c5c5da17fbc6e81ba09f22298ab8f0b17ee3dfaa4996fa0674e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rtsh-apartment\naddress: "Street Ismail Qemali, palace 34, Stair1, Floor 6, apartment 18, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32140926\n  lng: 19.82459104\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513397.jpg?k=08420d1facb66c5c5da17fbc6e81ba09f22298ab8f0b17ee3dfaa4996fa0674e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513402.jpg?k=a848084148e4cff0d73cc6b60910517c68f548a2343eee6b986484e5da2c2279&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513390.jpg?k=e71486e74c7fd4935b9089602297a81888a36bbbc790de6ba14ed5f978d5662b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513452.jpg?k=7c3af3610a4028d938068eebb862751716c008a15215ecbb5d141a62f2ec028a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498633814.jpg?k=22af8d526a6c5f517ea68c5d87c14ebd5d2c83173ce4476177310d3eafd3464d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513435.jpg?k=cd93343e0dcfb28fcc3f31c8f47bb39dbb8250e97496ca4fcaa7480250987f08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513413.jpg?k=efc9106c2abd723d7a3474ce9534b0ae6f97b1ebd01cd1e10e2e0828665a7b03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513424.jpg?k=43da216f5c4eab5bc94ef82be8ce1b612dceb260e28be44339941034f6157fda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435513384.jpg?k=9d0da36f2df703fdbb442f11f01b00ff3e70cfe4697e41226957904486082fb9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Yamato 10 m"\n  - "Cafe del Libero Pensatore 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 250 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zhenyu"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“I had a super comfortable stay here! The apartment is flawlessly clean, very huge, I had more than everything that I needed. The bed was very comfortable. Perfect location, everything within walking distance. The hosts are super kind, very lovely...”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location is great, as are the hosts. They were very helpful with airport pick-up (after midnight) and recommendations for a day tour to the Komani lake & Shala river. Apartment was spotless clean and all needed facilities were there. We definitely...”"\n  - name: "Evelyne"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The apartment is really comfortable and calm, big spaces that can accommodate easily 3 persons, and all you need to spend a couple of days to discover the city. It is really well located, very near the neighbourhood of Blloku where you can find...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rtsh-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA mere 700 meters from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a brief walk to the poignant Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, RTSH Apartment situates guests at the crossroads of culture and history. For those intrigued by the natural beauty and landmarks of Tirana, the Rock of Kavaje is accessible, making it an ideal base for exploration.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, featuring a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and a terrace that offers views of the surrounding garden. The kitchen comes fully equipped with an oven and microwave, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury. Additional conveniences such as bed linen, towels, and laundry service underscore the apartment's commitment to guest comfort.

For everyday essentials, a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have everything they need at their fingertips. RTSH Apartment is also a stone's throw away from several of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Saint Paul Cathedral, making it a perfect spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 17 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from travel to relaxation. RTSH Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those wishing to experience the best of Tirana in a setting that combines convenience, comfort, and culture.