---\ntitle: "Rus Villa"\ndescription: "Rus Villa emerges as a charmingly renovated guest house in the historic heart of Berat, offering an oasis of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480652745.jpg?k=866954a2acfd1baeb66400df6f909547da71c4c9894b99681625151d1a2b8212&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: rus-villa\naddress: "Rruga Antipatrea, 5000 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.71250466\n  lng: 19.93898999\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 137\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480652745.jpg?k=866954a2acfd1baeb66400df6f909547da71c4c9894b99681625151d1a2b8212&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480652951.jpg?k=6574ec56f9cc3f4ba69214e635514ef1c49c994ac4a476d72e5279bccb992d98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495047152.jpg?k=864d186e868a7961df82d140ce54ab36d465238239ef227eb893d2902608c53e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489347790.jpg?k=75b5d1ce9d258f6d288fa1b7f47411a8e0ac41459658e56b1a726ad282e9ae1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489347793.jpg?k=bc042538d198fc20ef78680e9f67a04ed7f99402b9ac0e474b9f6432e5b6a02b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482687762.jpg?k=eed37dbb5e731c4c10843fd31a6842f8ca44e562c7b065a0d0fc560f29bd1eff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (35 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Polovina 50 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Landi 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 78 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Louise"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Wonderful boutique accommodation within easy walking distance to the heart of Berat. The owner and his family were extremely attentive. The room we had was modern and very clean with easily the best shower facility we have had in our travels. The...”"\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Modern apartment with kitchen, restaurant near the apartment (good breakfast with low prices).”"\n  - name: "Wasim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host came to pick us. It was on the main road. Good parking space and very clean rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rus-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Boutique Charm"\nbestCategories: "Boutique Charm"\ncategory: "Boutique Charm"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Rus Villa are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, ensuring a restful and refreshing stay. The attention to detail extends to the provision of crisp bed linen and soft towels, enhancing the overall experience.

The guest house doesn't just stop at comfortable rooms. A shared kitchen is available for those who prefer to whip up their own meals, while full-day security and luggage storage services add an extra layer of convenience. For leisure, guests can unwind on the terrace or make use of the barbecue facilities for a delightful outdoor dining experience.

Caffeine enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site coffee shop, and the minimarket caters to any last-minute needs. For those looking to explore beyond the premises, Rus Villa is situated 116 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure smooth transfers.

Rus Villa represents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, convenience, and a touch of local charm during their stay in Berat.