---\ntitle: "S t r e h ë z a"\ndescription: "S t r e h ë z a emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759585.jpg?k=2d648980106e83a52e163642b502c3c906300e84900119e0f02c8d8f69cd704c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: s-t-r-e-h-z-a\naddress: "Rruga Jordan Misja, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34367964\n  lng: 19.80894368\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759585.jpg?k=2d648980106e83a52e163642b502c3c906300e84900119e0f02c8d8f69cd704c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759673.jpg?k=9d7f3faa71899128b77dbe52872354df7fb8ad75594e20a4c6a5c31e30ef0e5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759777.jpg?k=d36b080ccbc005f4033a9847a7c4935f8f83b646d64de0acc8e3871e0a254426&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358232412.jpg?k=3a8e8ebdd27509d509ac80c0d700903a11b4d6269c8091915a0acda9936bd35d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759761.jpg?k=c88e0141a16f5e80e6edb991677f05055919821dec302728b8f2d48bf4e77735&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759633.jpg?k=021a79a8a2bc180b10e96370e0329047c316a10d9cb19fbce6e4dc94ba570df2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759736.jpg?k=87b67654dcda89fc39516346f644a6cc4cbe180904009f57ef353bc91a066725&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357759654.jpg?k=7bfd3f91d2e2365f77b80505a8f807677f28b41c2371bc13dd67caeeb8fb1737&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373057007.jpg?k=32ab39cc4149aaa93ed60b0ad9107fa1bb046ae0564b559fa72a3cb881047e8f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Cafe te Arra 150 m"\n  - "Blendi 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zaja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“One of the best experiences i have ever had. The apartment was really nice and warm . I enjoyed every minute i spent here. The host was friendly and helpful for everything. There are free parking spots all around the building.”"\n  - name: "Karmen"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“everything was perfect, there was food, coffe and beer waiting for you and chocolate,games, soap, toothpasta… everything was clean and it is bigger then on photos… Brothers were great host”"\n  - name: "Reixhi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was more that you could ask. The cleanliness, space and details were outstanding. In the entrance you could instantly smell a refreshing scent. The location was very easy to find and 5 minutes away from center by car. You also have a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/streheza.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, S t r e h ë z a invites guests into a world of modernity and ease. The apartment boasts a generous layout, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a balcony that offers captivating city views. The kitchen doesn’t disappoint either, being fully equipped with a fridge, stovetop, washing machine, and all necessary kitchenware, ensuring that guests feel right at home. Complimentary towels and bed linen further enhance the comfort of the stay.

For those who appreciate the convenience of having essentials right at their doorstep, the apartment houses a minimarket, adding to the ease of the stay. Cultural enthusiasts will find the proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the House of Leaves museum particularly appealing, both located within 3 km of the property.

Accessibility is another highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 12 km away. S t r e h ë z a also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transfer to and from the airport.

In essence, S t r e h ë z a represents a harmonious blend of modern comforts, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities, making it a compelling choice for those looking to explore Tirana in style.