---\ntitle: "Salt life Apartments"\ndescription: "Salt Life Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411522.jpg?k=ef3653733276894da5c187798a601fea2bbbd721ee909c31ebc7f09d598f2068&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: salt-life-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85613143\n  lng: 20.02193383\nprice: "US$116"\npriceFrom: 116\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411522.jpg?k=ef3653733276894da5c187798a601fea2bbbd721ee909c31ebc7f09d598f2068&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411661.jpg?k=5f86208843ec2547587c07ccfe5c6b1929f6107acfb94e28e3d53029433d65bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411670.jpg?k=9783234dbf13179d040db48cf977131137d45f5924648d7e11602f8def54b80e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411679.jpg?k=ce65b0234ef08248e440aeab59fad6a2809ce007fa552940d15fb6fc3457a0a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411615.jpg?k=b915f174102c6ad91dd4f153152d4364d970af034a4daa3ddcbc6e4a27a9a56b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411607.jpg?k=29476d5f4ca613a431b351723ed6ecead077fe29b687392cdfaf4153aa4ac49b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411647.jpg?k=e2da6add7df7dd2782451afb3061a6071945673e1656283d6eb6099d808ca6a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371411633.jpg?k=b58b8250f70fca0acaaaf4f1948e057c6d2c77812015a783703ee69960e57919&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384022045.jpg?k=993c016ad3f631d946610a4a92dce0a8c29aace5e8f6cf2ee7dba3407f575e8f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantastic 50 m"\n  - "Taverne Fast Food 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 250 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gal"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“We had a very good time. The apartment was great, the manager as well 😊”"\n  - name: "Katarzyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very helpfull Staff. Great atmosphere of the place. Much space in the flat. Privacy for everyone. There was everything you need in the apartament. To the Centre of Saranda about 2km, but still there is taxi :)”"\n  - name: "Chiara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento spazioso, pulito, vicino al mare e dispone di parcheggi per le macchine. Il proprietario dell’appartamento è il punto forte, davvero gentile e disponibile per qualsiasi problema o consiglio su cosa visitare!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-apartments-sarande3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis accommodation doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a serene retreat. Guests are welcomed into a spacious three-bedroom apartment that boasts modern amenities and thoughtful touches. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, while the kitchen comes fully stocked with an oven, toaster, and even a washing machine, ensuring all the comforts of home are at guests' fingertips. The presence of two well-appointed bathrooms, complete with bidets, adds a layer of convenience for families or groups.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Salt Life Apartments. Each unit features a private entrance and is designed with soundproofing, ensuring a peaceful stay devoid of external disturbances. The addition of air conditioning, complimentary WiFi, and the convenience of free private parking further enhance the guest experience, making it a hassle-free haven.

For those keen to explore the rich tapestry of the region, the apartment serves as an ideal base. The historic Butrint National Park is just 13 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's storied past, while the ancient site of Fanoti lies 47 km from the doorstep, promising an intriguing excursion. Moreover, with Ioannina Airport located 97 km away, access to and from the property is relatively straightforward for international travelers.

Salt Life Apartments represents a blend of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and serene living spaces, making it a compelling choice for those looking to explore Sarandë's charms while enjoying the comforts of a well-appointed home away from home.