---\ntitle: "Salty blue, 2 bedroom apartment, by the beach"\ndescription: "In the heart of Durrës, just a stone's throw from the shimmering waters of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, lies Salty Blue, a charming 2-bedroom apartment that promises a tranquil beachside retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368765826.jpg?k=90e35908f2a346354b4d5cd523d3a0102ed55396b8e9b60fd9cdb5afd7cbb906&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: salty-blue-2-bedroom-apartment-by-the-beach\naddress: "Rruga Horizonti, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26780829\n  lng: 19.52053627\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368765826.jpg?k=90e35908f2a346354b4d5cd523d3a0102ed55396b8e9b60fd9cdb5afd7cbb906&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815579.jpg?k=45dd719cd7e2c1279ed199590c242c5f099bcf79cdd965942457e9d26a87d147&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815527.jpg?k=eb01bd9ac220250ce777af23a50d53560a23594203eade24b5013df4ce85674b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368766022.jpg?k=02549dd1bebd806cb0a0c413e5ffc34b68096f28bb4ad9054b620c3f02e00f9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815553.jpg?k=74160aa0f0120fa4c0f75d197725fc6bf17cf1ab9c8df643ecf3c17a6da3d6a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368765821.jpg?k=0c37ad5830d569dd4894bd687bc70efc09c1b5be79c1d61defd0c4444eb4561a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815561.jpg?k=87e9342313fa7d8f91e642c602bcfa7f77ee909d9be4557db8bfda4288d545dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815582.jpg?k=5f7fc2e9e2a4c3c5b51d357d8af7a1f3d1aa40dd8cbee0e0620952909b63bf82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815564.jpg?k=a25353c7f219760a9ea965dfcae4e66f7acd43269d27bdf87bdf0ac7af6426ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 100 m"\n  - "Anxhelson 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 200 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Basey"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment is in a good location near the beach, with a peaceful neighborhood and was easy to find. It's also very comfortable and spacious. It's super clean and it has everything you need inside. The kitchen has all the needed utensils. The...”"\n  - name: "Miranda"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The apartment was a very comfortable, close to the beach, and it had everything you needed inside. There was a big bathroom and water supply was great! The walikng distance from the beach was around 5min and there were plenty of restaurants and...”"\n  - name: "Simone"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento era accogliente e nel complesso ben arredato.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turquoise-beach-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nSalty Blue is equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Each apartment boasts a private balcony, providing a perfect setting for morning coffees or evening relaxation with a view. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with air conditioning, a fully equipped kitchen including a microwave, and a cozy seating area complemented by a flat-screen TV. Convenience is further enhanced with a washing machine and a sleek, private bathroom featuring a walk-in shower and hair dryer. For added ease, guests enjoy the luxury of a private entrance to their accommodation, along with complimentary bed linen and towels, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

The property prides itself on offering seamless experiences, facilitated by an elevator for easy access, and private check-in and check-out services. Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Beyond the comforts of Salty Blue, the vibrant Skanderbeg Square awaits exploration at 43 km away, while the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers breathtaking views at a distance of 47 km. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 37 km from the apartment, making Salty Blue an ideal choice for both international visitors and locals seeking a beachside escape.

Salty Blue is not just an apartment by the beach; it's a gateway to a memorable coastal adventure in Durrës, offering comfort, convenience, and the charm of the Albanian coastline.