---\ntitle: "San Marino Hotel"\ndescription: "San Marino Hotel, located in the vibrant city of Vlorë, stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307443421.jpg?k=a53f848a286f6cd35b980f37159aab6081e310071f370e4cc127915454782627&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: san-marino-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Lef Sallata lemas, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.47050056\n  lng: 19.48621088\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307443421.jpg?k=a53f848a286f6cd35b980f37159aab6081e310071f370e4cc127915454782627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307443865.jpg?k=1152324a02d11ca277f8dbdd0db53555c59edcadafdef6148f3e43659f27186d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150168624.jpg?k=e5f35c7e33411aed40d3596fdbd3eea06faa01f40e14000d9d61e6cc65d1a662&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205468492.jpg?k=e1054b13f5ce71a0ffe5b3a299abbd1e5f9c6d3a801435936aa08b0f7503142f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194343740.jpg?k=3d82582ba7682702941dfad383c5bcf8c585c156239be7bea9141af716595ce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151820076.jpg?k=55ec62c80bac061d90c242e2eb81baa9e9b3a64aca3ad771aa65fd5eb587d63b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307442526.jpg?k=031ca129172acc6ea900019d6cbd5986b81e77fcea1f42322d9800a9a3bd0e23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150179284.jpg?k=b53e8db5b06297c72f54f96bd4d98d83789cbadcd1c9427b71419c46662c87ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307443267.jpg?k=cbc60477c7768081015ac7bf2769bd53490b8d9a6fd018a2f1e1ffcc18a4e9e8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Shushica 100 m"\n  - "Zgara Tradita 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 400 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 700 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johnny"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Very spacious and comfortable. Good bedding and pillows. The manager was very helpful. Good cable TV. Quiet place.”"\n  - name: "Cem"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“One of the best options to stay in the area. It has a friendly owner and staff. The hotel is comfortable and clean, the breakfast is good. We stayed 2 different nights, if we go again we will stay in the same place. Thanks for everything.”"\n  - name: "Aleksandar"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We stayed in the San Marino Apartments for 3 nights and had a good time. The staff was helpful and friendly, the room was clean and the facilities were great. They should work on improving the breakfast (they didn’t have salt, and they couldn’t...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/san-marino.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBoasting a selection of well-appointed rooms, each equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a kettle, San Marino Hotel ensures a restful stay. The added luxury of a private bathroom, complete with complimentary toiletries and a refreshing shower, enhances the comfort of each stay. For those desiring a touch more elegance, select rooms also feature a balcony, offering a private space to unwind.

Guests at San Marino Hotel are greeted each morning with a choice of a buffet or Italian breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The convenience of free private parking, coupled with complimentary WiFi throughout the property, underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction. Additionally, the availability of room service adds an extra layer of comfort to the experience.

Located 148 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, San Marino Hotel is not only accessible but stands as a beacon of hospitality for those visiting Vlorë. Whether it's for the terrace views, the inviting bar, or the promise of a memorable stay, this 3-star hotel captures the essence of welcoming accommodation.