---\ntitle: "Sancho Farm Albania"\ndescription: "Sancho Farm Albania, located in the serene town of Memaliaj, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861762.jpg?k=4c82e5f04674cdd88f4353c6919bea1de92698fdd1b41ac0826a3ac773c957a8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sancho-farm-albania\naddress: "rr. Medi Bisha, 6302 Memaliaj, Albania"\ncity: "Memaliaj"\nlocation: "Memaliaj"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.35090289\n  lng: 19.98614158\nprice: "US$91"\npriceFrom: 91\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861762.jpg?k=4c82e5f04674cdd88f4353c6919bea1de92698fdd1b41ac0826a3ac773c957a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861874.jpg?k=055bd8d2e4bb96dd64cd91377d48296b66937e4c6dee56c5998cb4c937defc4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861841.jpg?k=95762cb4c8275f19220465d0a20ac6c575e4c05dbc024e8c5cd160741ec11524&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861742.jpg?k=b47b6e67bb63048ecacf387e527455b06ebb7f1ed3a02492ae727165962303b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861814.jpg?k=e66fd4c4fb7d2a9b381ec1856c33880bf3b448c6daf39ea222b8e0a7a4c69abe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364861714.jpg?k=6dd6a777effa73e8b9300624f4cef0a1b87d364038f1549fb8e19c8519868b19&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (44 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa"\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Byrektore 550 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Veal 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stefanie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“it is a beautiful site with wooden cabins and Finn huts. we had a lot of fun riding horses, enjoying the pool and generous Greek salad”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“really beautiful place and very nice and friendly people”"\n  - name: "Jasmin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Freilaufende Pferde und allemöglichen anderen Tiere sowie direkt am Fluß gelegen mit einem zugehörigen Pool. Unser 1 jähriger Sohn konnte gar nicht genug staunen. Für Kinder sowie Erwachsene total schön.
Sehr nettes Personal die sich unseren Sohn...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sancho-farm-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Sancho Farm Albania are thoughtfully furnished, featuring a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a private bathroom equipped with luxurious bathrobes, a bidet, and both a bath and shower. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, perfect for those who enjoy preparing their meals.

Dining at the villa is an experience in itself, with an outdoor dining area where guests can savor their meals amidst the tranquil surroundings. The villa prides itself on offering a diverse breakfast spread each morning, ranging from buffet and continental options to warm dishes, fresh pastries, and pancakes, ensuring a delightful start to the day.

Located 119 km from Ioannina Airport, Sancho Farm Albania presents an ideal retreat for those looking to escape the hustle and bustle of city life and immerse themselves in the peaceful ambiance of Memaliaj. Whether it's the allure of the natural landscape or the comprehensive amenities provided, this villa promises an unforgettable stay for all who visit.