---\ntitle: "Sandy Beach Resort"\ndescription: "Sandy Beach Resort emerges as a prime destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw from the pristine shores of Golem in the Tirana County Region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269795487.jpg?k=1e5a3ff89444b98cc9b7ec96a241e62caebc792bfeafa715dced741ab8bfa5bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sandy-beach-resort\naddress: "Bulevardi i Pishave, Golem, 1000 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25334928\n  lng: 19.52191919\nprice: "US$92"\npriceFrom: 92\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 76\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269795487.jpg?k=1e5a3ff89444b98cc9b7ec96a241e62caebc792bfeafa715dced741ab8bfa5bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269794197.jpg?k=f3f103f381734255eb2e26d52ba35fa262d73ef247c863d36be9ea1af8e17690&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/269795497.jpg?k=8ed4de8775f7d3329a4096cf176073a12e2bdd6239e7eb3e425b226a3d9edc62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104944418.jpg?k=0ed21adeb46a5d5ebce21a8bb564de8dd1d410939f54d7d35ce4304f06a81c3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211511026.jpg?k=57990c9f907ea71002cb72fdf3cf8e006bd7901fdeff8d928a8d653736f6ceb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211511286.jpg?k=c721c790b8c7ddf445e6d8421be6a5890378b6c2d97465c6b4986aeb9b22fc2b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "3 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pashtriku 100 m"\n  - "al&Ri 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 600 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Brian"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The hotel was very clean. Beds made up everyday and room cleaned daily.”"\n  - name: "Lidija"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We were vary satisfied during oure stay at Sandy Beach Resort. Excellent food, brightly clean hotel, polite personal, very well organised. Great success of the management. We will recommend it to everyone.”"\n  - name: "Kacper"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“This is a really great holiday resort, with everything you might need. We visited in October, during low season, but everything was working very well. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The facilities (two outdoor swimming pools and a large...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sandy-beach-resort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sandy Beach Resort are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with flat-screen cable TVs. Select rooms boast a cozy seating area, offering a tranquil retreat after a day of sun-soaked adventures. For those captivated by natural beauty, options include rooms with breathtaking sea or pool views, ensuring a serene backdrop to your stay. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers, slippers, and complimentary toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the experience.

Culinary delights await at the resort's restaurant, where a menu of local and international dishes caters to diverse palates. The outdoor bar, shaded by sun umbrellas, provides a refreshing escape where guests can unwind with a drink in hand. The convenience of a 24-hour front desk ensures all needs are met around the clock, while the children's playground makes Sandy Beach Resort an ideal choice for families.

Located 17 km from Durrës and 40 km from Tirana, the resort offers easy access to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the region. Tirana Airport is conveniently situated 44 km away, making Sandy Beach Resort an accessible haven for both local and international travelers.