---\ntitle: "Santa Paola Apartments"\ndescription: "Santa Paola Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its prime location just steps away from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461730789.jpg?k=0b567e57f09558c7ae32d0fd54516346c717d0b1b6deb1b37b83077f68a1e871&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: santa-paola-apartments\naddress: "RrugaRruga: 17 Shkurti 139, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86940042\n  lng: 19.99856297\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 216\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461730789.jpg?k=0b567e57f09558c7ae32d0fd54516346c717d0b1b6deb1b37b83077f68a1e871&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461735308.jpg?k=57bff66b0340232ca0d61962a5892c5a55af8f41deb6f3b2888c26e615f64dea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151927657.jpg?k=f2248249f123a24547656f3351ea78ef170368cdbd56083a553e9db2f50f36cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470752420.jpg?k=417123f57e3b64002452418ba24fd474e526296382b689219e49729763fcd5f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364477819.jpg?k=b9abeb3b64c1d49beda84fe7bd1ab4dc181aa28e705746c2ea475b9bf07ae3c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461735330.jpg?k=ee01c3ec7e5e3db4ed3b36d4c11f4a0f8b3eb9bb5787f9d3f903cb050844f90e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (84 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shark 50 m"\n  - "Liku, Pllakat Beach 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 0 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was clean and well organised. Everything in the room was very good. The breakfast served was too good and neat. We were group of 4 and well enjoyed the stay.”"\n  - name: "Katie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Location is perfect, on the beach and restaurants just a minute walk away. Staff responsiveness and their help on arrival was amazing, plus breakfast delivered to the apartment on time every morning was great.
Beds were comfortable and it was nice...”"\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Perfect place, clean, cozy, comfortable. Good location and breakfast. Thank for your hospitality. I hope to back again. Everything was perfekt”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/santa-paola-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Santa Paola is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a private bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower and hair dryer, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning. For those desiring a little extra space, select units also include a cozy seating area. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Dining at Santa Paola Apartments is an experience in itself, with the on-site family-friendly restaurant catering to a variety of tastes. Whether it's dinner, brunch, cocktails, or high tea, guests are treated to delightful culinary creations in a welcoming atmosphere.

For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, the apartment complex offers a convenient bicycle rental service. The location is ideal for beach lovers, with Saranda City Beach just 1.3 km away and La Petite Beach at a distance of 2.1 km. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 98 km from the accommodation, making Santa Paola Apartments an accessible and attractive option for both local and international visitors.