---\ntitle: "Sar'Otel Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Sar'Otel Boutique Hotel, a gem located in the heart of Tirana, merely steps away from the iconic Skenderberg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46649316.jpg?k=7722d7d7fe9ee5f9a4e9221bc6416422a92dc7a788919f3eb23a143fdb622042&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sar-otel-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Street Kostandin Kristoforidhi Nr.1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33094272\n  lng: 19.82151622\nprice: "US$100"\npriceFrom: 100\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 846\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46649316.jpg?k=7722d7d7fe9ee5f9a4e9221bc6416422a92dc7a788919f3eb23a143fdb622042&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/18038762.jpg?k=2d3b43641bb1583248ba22f8e917c7f01a5a935aed3becb1503d40ee6bf2df19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46649058.jpg?k=24682852ed95e2ff918d1d8058aeb8b4bcd70bf3b65ae226af3cb142ac1453b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46649005.jpg?k=ca9b2af18b30d45be13dd6e30894cbbfbfeefc24e83edbdbe880c612da61fec4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/46648779.jpg?k=d62039116968bc817e084b4170473b429195910011c30ac43ca0a5ec8ae1317b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239102327.jpg?k=64adac566317ec3ff746ee38865a14c9acfd449122c46165d23e081576aa5dd2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shije Fshati 30 m"\n  - "Pizaa 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 250 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Schäfer"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Clean hotel, staff very courteous, efficient and always available to satisfy every need. Nothing to complain about. Modern and equipped with everything you need for a comfortable stay. Staff makes you feel at home. Will definitely stay again.”"\n  - name: "Lorraine"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly helpful staff, pleasant room with balcony, good location.”"\n  - name: "Anthony"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“The room was perfect, and the hotel itself was great as it is right in the city center and within 5 minutes walking distance from all major attractions. We never needed to use cars or public transport. Additionally, the bathroom and bar and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sar-otel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sar'Otel are a testament to modern elegance, with each room bathed in natural light, showcasing contemporary furnishings. Guests will find all the essentials for a relaxing stay, such as a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, a minibar, and a workspace. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers, and most rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony.

Mornings at Sar'Otel start with a delightful breakfast, offering a taste of local cuisine or gluten-free options for those with dietary preferences. The hotel also caters to business travelers with its well-appointed conference room, making it an ideal choice for both leisure and corporate visits.

The hotel's prime location places guests in the vicinity of vibrant nightclubs and within easy reach of travel agencies ready to organize memorable excursions. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Albanian National Museum, only 150 meters away, along with the Fine Arts Gallery and the historic Petrela and Preza Castles, all accessible with a short stroll.

For those exploring the city, local bus stops are conveniently located 100 meters from the hotel, with the Main Train Station 600 meters away. Tirana Airport is situated 18 km from the hotel, making arrivals and departures a breeze. Sar'Otel Boutique Hotel emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern comfort, convenience, and access to Tirana's rich cultural landscape.