---\ntitle: "Sara Beach House"\ndescription: "Sara Beach House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, situated merely 400 meters from the pristine Liro Beach and a short stroll from the exclusive Beach at Government Villas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377782452.jpg?k=88309e0e1369b0116e159f9b1a1e587d7ee13bbf8d4f00fca8b681fbdc762c0b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sara-beach-house\naddress: "Rruga Uji i Ftohte, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41445411\n  lng: 19.48407243\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377782452.jpg?k=88309e0e1369b0116e159f9b1a1e587d7ee13bbf8d4f00fca8b681fbdc762c0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377781404.jpg?k=3586ecd4d33484c92ae1b41f988298bb2526292880765260f20e1a731d873b3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377781004.jpg?k=98d3f798c7a1e410dc53d7a6b9a53ccbb61061f5b809c54df467f73d3f411030&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377782919.jpg?k=eac62e0288521aafc689103d4630ac765c1a3b8fc2c32a3b258e077ead080ad9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377779185.jpg?k=575ebf47a30d264362a2ae06ae2a4b21ec396add1372510a353da59616149e99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377783143.jpg?k=727b889fb2d30750e73f8fa1e9df62a899ce0f19310e387fd9e0a4b9cd139cee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377782177.jpg?k=533b959273a961e79b8aa28a57f4b984e3272e80f2f66ac86f4117f553470a1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377781090.jpg?k=8ed8826664ec0f2a3479c96d3d7d58c5bd8e457549b4350720ca8c44344b0c37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478896016.jpg?k=c6a7a3bfbad75e0f6dcaa7150ed530649adfbc32691e53e51aa2d5e89474350d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (69 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mandarine 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Djepi 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Insa"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The size of the apartment as well as the view were amazing. The beds were all very comfortable. We liked the terrace and the soundbar. In general it was clean.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr geräumige, moderne und komfortable Ferienwohnung mit riesiger Dachterrasse und Blick aufs Meer. Etwas abseits der Hauptpromenade von Vlore, davor schön ruhig. Auf Anfrage bekamen wir sehr schnell zusätzliche Decken/Bettzeug gebracht.”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa ancora più bella da vicino,nuova,arredamento moderno; una vista e un terrazzo mozzafiato . Situata in una posizione strategica tra il lungomare di Valona e le spiagge. Pulizia super e la proprietaria di casa super gentile e accogliente,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-house-vlore1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a generously sized apartment, thoughtfully designed with three bedrooms and two bathrooms to accommodate both families and groups. The inclusion of luxurious bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels in the living space guarantees a stay that marries relaxation with entertainment. The heart of the apartment, a fully equipped kitchen alongside a dedicated dining area, invites guests to craft and enjoy meals with a backdrop of the sea. The terrace, offering breathtaking sea views, becomes a private oasis where moments can be savored over wine, champagne, or fruits, provided for an elevated experience.

The convenience on-site extends to an outdoor dining area for those who prefer al fresco meals and a minimarket, ensuring essentials are always within reach. For explorers eager to immerse in local culture and scenery, Coco Bongo Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba are within easy reach, located 1.8 km and 7 km away, respectively.

Positioned 156 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Sara Beach House simplifies travel arrangements with an optional paid airport shuttle service, making it an accessible retreat for international and domestic travelers alike. This property stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Vlorë.