---\ntitle: "Saranda Exclusive Apartment 3"\ndescription: "Saranda Exclusive Apartment 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472288030.jpg?k=1cbbef6423ba712f18dc76e888e0b03717fe6d859ed8b85ab946e728c80b1026&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-exclusive-apartment-3\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86035702\n  lng: 20.01964104\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472288030.jpg?k=1cbbef6423ba712f18dc76e888e0b03717fe6d859ed8b85ab946e728c80b1026&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472288104.jpg?k=73ec8618d853d5c83f95e2b9d9c796a1fc1685a9cdab1a72af6e355653ef1a44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472287092.jpg?k=be5f2c40f9e1db7813d253f678759c7e4161a20708aff62d1e0d2962e3a7341f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472287906.jpg?k=3aab9c90e7c3badf59fddd169e2321b06ea203851a1d310c2a60ab963607b0c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472288407.jpg?k=fbb8af5765fba672465b83388a94af3808db9c396329e3baf6006ee0fe082ea2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381400423.jpg?k=616e2e50e0f96e27c1e6dddaa9162993a46d648867a92e43452b01361e1cf083&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381400407.jpg?k=d79bdf3e45891a571662c9ae138bab054ab4eff4cd27a4c258c8e5245de0427b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381400404.jpg?k=eceed365fc5f2b29ac84f70aa660f08e965bbe532924cf0d1d1e013a4ed03198&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472287198.jpg?k=4db6dfa4002bbd1373984ccdc856c8ec71a71186ee02ff910d3e10bf2cd55c22&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sheqer Pikant 20 m"\n  - "Mamas Kitchen 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 200 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 450 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 700 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arjola"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything. Location perfect in front of the beach, very spacious, clean and newly renovated. Cozy and had everything you need to feel like home. Thanks to the host also that help a lot with everything”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“it was very clean and well furnished. the view from the flat is very nice, the sea is just in front of you. air conditioning was perfect and the was vas really comfortable; the communication with the host is very easy and he is really helpful and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-exclusive-apartment-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of comfort, boasting a spacious bedroom, a modern bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a living area that merges seamlessly with a fully equipped kitchen. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and free WiFi ensures that guests remain connected and entertained throughout their stay. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate any dining experience, especially when enjoyed from the outdoor dining area.

For those concerned with health and wellness, it's noteworthy that Saranda Exclusive Apartment 3 is an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, ensuring a clean and refreshing stay. 

Strategically located, the apartment offers easy access to a variety of local attractions, including the vibrant Flamingo Beach, the serene Maestral Beach, and the lively Mango Beach, making it an ideal base for exploring the best of Sarandë. With Ioannina Airport located 96 km away, the journey to this coastal haven is a straightforward affair for international travelers.

Saranda Exclusive Apartment 3 represents a perfect blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a highly recommended choice for those looking to experience the best of Sarandë's coastal charm.