---\ntitle: "Sarande Entire bright & spacious Flat"\ndescription: "Sarande Entire Bright & Spacious Flat offers a refreshing retreat for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522747642.jpg?k=c066f9d8b97f4aeb80a507262c93d2929791f0f303d2c0e13711251f3965f732&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sarande-entire-bright-spacious-flat\naddress: "Rruga Sabri Preveza, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8750192\n  lng: 19.9975454\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522747642.jpg?k=c066f9d8b97f4aeb80a507262c93d2929791f0f303d2c0e13711251f3965f732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522747796.jpg?k=bc41cc3db3bce5d60dd9b40bbc7265f682d14c74035e585973736b5ee6e0e543&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522747809.jpg?k=db2406ceb68f416c949be1e67b39ccf9df7e51996c3fef1480fe93554c06b02f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522747813.jpg?k=1dbbca2b15f95c2ee367d0a213fc9e6f442b3418f512e419372766738f804836&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522747822.jpg?k=d0076990f123dc9a7bb47f11d4f312778e79a4ef13561d2298cc1016743bf3dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/522747830.jpg?k=52c292ee7ae9c35687cb107b8f1954aca016a8b75530f138884ec44645793887&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Ola 150 m"\n  - "Oro 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sarande-entire-bright-amp-spacious-flat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of modern amenities and privacy, thanks to the private entrance that each apartment boasts. The interiors are designed to maximize comfort, featuring air-conditioned spaces that open up to city vistas and a terrace where one can enjoy the serene environment. Complimentary WiFi access envelops the property, ensuring guests stay connected with the world, should they choose to.

Accommodations at Sarande Entire Bright & Spacious Flat are thoughtfully equipped with a balcony that offers a panoramic view of the sea, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the beauty of Sarandë. The living spaces include a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchenette complete with kitchenware, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. The convenience extends to the private bathrooms with showers, and the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a comfortable stay.

For those looking to explore beyond the comforts of their apartment, Butrint National Park is a mere 18 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich history and natural beauty. Additionally, the property is conveniently located 98 km from Ioannina Airport, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers.

Sarande Entire Bright & Spacious Flat is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the charm and tranquility of Sarandë, making it an ideal choice for travelers in search of a memorable getaway.