---\ntitle: "SARA'S VILLA"\ndescription: "SARA'S VILLA emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by stunning city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184269445.jpg?k=0f0fac0792c8caa28f975231c41a2f6db35a8ba8df705e1238c9ac67c96cfb92&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sara-s-villa\naddress: "Rr. Milan Shuflaj, lagja Mark Lulaj, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.05646657\n  lng: 19.5198856\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184269445.jpg?k=0f0fac0792c8caa28f975231c41a2f6db35a8ba8df705e1238c9ac67c96cfb92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213161112.jpg?k=d280a69dd172d4b986be037de6ee80a42d64287f12cd0d4d79d77f1f7430d5cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213161055.jpg?k=f8f80276e837b10c7e0b0a8ca4b1ca46192de799f36136960bc6d514d54784a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213164146.jpg?k=b12c4b501be2247c0b86c18fc2bd2f0429b7555beee4fed99e60b8ae9fb2aadd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213164156.jpg?k=c78ae33fa740d2f25c7c09635414f250dd7ce129553866ceb19922d5180589e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213154707.jpg?k=0d08da381c21f794b5791bf4593829dce9ee3ac91d2c4729fb2762d85b6269f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213161125.jpg?k=b064cdc859489ba85627e18d63d34c5d45a29b58e96efdd2ffa2e663993688eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213161052.jpg?k=f32fb4c27648d27e9f7e796d28da90bd8dd397544b51706397360281e738a118&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213164130.jpg?k=bc79bd58081b8c1a4ec4d99a23c8626ddcc38a180b16b05d986ecc2089134a8e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hotel Bicaj 300 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.4 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 39 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 72 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 75 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michaelnigel"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Huge flat, safe neighborhood, welcoming host, great value for money.”"\n  - name: "Çırak"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“House and garden is gorgeous, Sara is really kind and she helped and direct us very well. House is clean and furnitures are modern type. We love it!”"\n  - name: "Ndricim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Sara was the most friendly host full of smiles friendly was a Pleasure to stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sara-39-s-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at SARA'S VILLA are designed with the discerning guest in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that promise a restful retreat. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the allure, making it an ideal spot for both leisure and business travelers.

Each unit within the villa is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, boasting a terrace that opens up to breathtaking mountain vistas. The living spaces are furnished with comfortable seating areas and flat-screen TVs, ensuring guests have a cozy nook to unwind. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with bidets and slippers, ensuring a pampering experience.

The charm of SARA'S VILLA is further enhanced by its outdoor offerings. Each balcony provides an outdoor dining area set against a backdrop of serene garden views, perfect for enjoying meals al fresco. For those who enjoy grilling, the villa's barbecue facilities are a delightful bonus, promising memorable dining under the sky.

The property is not just about the interiors; the garden invites guests to connect with nature, offering a tranquil space to relax and rejuvenate. Whether the weather is sunny or breezy, the garden serves as a peaceful retreat.

Situated 59 km from Podgorica Airport, SARA'S VILLA is conveniently located for travelers looking to explore the region or those in transit. With its blend of modern amenities, stunning views, and thoughtful touches, SARA'S VILLA stands as a beacon of hospitality for those visiting the area.