---\ntitle: "Sarah appartamento"\ndescription: "Sarah Appartamento emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362184.jpg?k=77a3fc00a81fc345d04b74ac79b844ab14ae828f76e020656682120968289dd1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sarah-appartamento\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Konomi, 2400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43791085\n  lng: 19.49628467\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362184.jpg?k=77a3fc00a81fc345d04b74ac79b844ab14ae828f76e020656682120968289dd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362249.jpg?k=dec69b356d61bf85ee6d1d60e2e4599e2d894ac4fe0dcbd8e8b26937ce9c6dc2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377617086.jpg?k=11a11dcfd004fc9ce918bd17c6d3d34bc992e3c4bda86ef61e919d7131cc4258&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503848442.jpg?k=7c924e7c878256b117cee3694e63c5006daf025d186b9300b6fb9f4277930a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362253.jpg?k=1f755e972a450361565470b19d81159c9d14f6002ae6c825e3886b98adc13af8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362230.jpg?k=6fa459aee171601025d74caf9f08f2d1b75f2fb8ff2b2cac1e0a04ed466d4cad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377362189.jpg?k=a2bfc9164bba046079edae1f3363d0aeb5884c6dec9ea07f48b27c93f217fb1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503848522.jpg?k=b576e6691ee95e75b7f83cc5db20898299016049d79c0b9aae621ea463df4383&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388798876.jpg?k=4a8b2b332b34c27b07f52372ba89997f7e36ad05c0879a06871dcdfd9330c2b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bujar 50 m"\n  - "Bujar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 200 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.7 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bokuluta"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Sarah is a very kind and available hostess, she prepared us a delicious plate of fruit, the flat is perfectly functional and very cosy. Thank you for the welcome, I recommend this accommodation and if I come back to Albania one day I'll stay with...”"\n  - name: "Susanna"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“La posizione fantastica, vicinissima a tutto, leggermente appartata rispetto al caos centrale.
Arredi moderni ed eleganti. Comodo nei suoi spazi. Luminoso e completo di tutto ciò che può servire anche per un lungo soggiorno”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/appartamento-in-lungomare-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts an array of facilities designed to enhance the guest experience, including a shared lounge perfect for unwinding, a balcony for soaking in the cityscape, and the convenience of an elevator. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by the provision of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those who cherish the outdoors, the apartment's outdoor fireplace presents an ideal setting for relaxation on clear days.

Inside, the apartment reveals a spacious layout, thoughtfully furnished to cater to every need. It features one bedroom, a bathroom complete with bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The dining area, alongside a fully equipped kitchen, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, while the terrace offers serene sea views, enhancing the dining experience. The air-conditioned unit also includes modern comforts such as a bidet and a dressing room, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient. Notably, the accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, catering to the preferences of health-conscious guests.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always within reach. Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a baby safety gate, underscoring the property's commitment to guest safety and comfort.

Located a short stroll from Vlore Beach and within easy reach of Kuzum Baba, Sarah Appartamento offers an excellent base for exploring the local area. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 153 km away, making the apartment a viable option for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Sarah Appartamento presents a compelling choice for guests seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, all set against the backdrop of stunning city and sea views.