---\ntitle: "Saranda’s Sky Line Apartment"\ndescription: "Saranda's Sky Line Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464325363.jpg?k=9622776ab60d2fc18bdadfc7e922c9a2bd42ef506723eebdc2b1233e5276e959&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-s-sky-line-apartment\naddress: "Saranda, AL - Corfu, GR, 1000 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86660487\n  lng: 20.01953287\nprice: "US$98"\npriceFrom: 98\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464325363.jpg?k=9622776ab60d2fc18bdadfc7e922c9a2bd42ef506723eebdc2b1233e5276e959&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/464325392.jpg?k=b9c5b2dd1c71eee6ba8177a386ced5e028d9cf29cad8401a13ad558597646970&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/464325397.jpg?k=5a32277bc092aa4ef624cceb2c5513ef0b4fdb70d64503a0f661f6043d52e3e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/464325400.jpg?k=7512cad4f755e4bf2896c7ca2be28374767e586c617b406282380430f067a943&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/464325403.jpg?k=5349eb8c4d497054c63948a10e63c363e1236d562cb2dfdad212b7330d908295&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Mario 250 m"\n  - "Royal Pizza Sarande 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 300 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 450 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 850 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 950 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sarandas-sky-line-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of its guests, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, alongside the luxury of a private balcony where one can enjoy the serene views of Sarandë. Convenience is further enhanced with complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Saranda’s Sky Line Apartment prioritizes the comfort and well-being of its guests.

Accommodation includes a cozy bedroom, a bathroom equipped with modern facilities, and a fully equipped kitchen that invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like. Entertainment needs are not overlooked, with a flat-screen TV available for guests' enjoyment.

For those intrigued by the rich history and natural beauty of the area, Butrint National Park is a mere 15 km away, offering a perfect day trip opportunity to explore ancient ruins and lush landscapes. Additionally, the apartment is conveniently located 95 km from Ioannina Airport, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

Saranda's Sky Line Apartment stands out as a top selection for those who appreciate the blend of modern comfort with the charm of Sarandë’s coastal life.