---\ntitle: "Saranda Marina Bay Residence"\ndescription: "Saranda Marina Bay Residence emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325165.jpg?k=0b445256ba6ff33508ecdac1bd96e0aa8bb77f40885dcd9ddcc242f47380e269&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-marina-bay-residence\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87283155\n  lng: 19.99179639\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325165.jpg?k=0b445256ba6ff33508ecdac1bd96e0aa8bb77f40885dcd9ddcc242f47380e269&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325112.jpg?k=51512bd7dc5afce0bf412906abd4c531d12afeedfdb3438230eff6a8b352d5b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325168.jpg?k=8476f6fe17f1442b477dca03b93e21439a365b12983478106865516242fd824b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325175.jpg?k=3141c63373a0b1bbe0b726c3cfcb00fb63d463a9c705d42d754b39292e15c05a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325093.jpg?k=36210979557389451e12b4c1b227a253815e77fc59706fd635b2f155822bddaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325084.jpg?k=6d5fa0090d25a2f2d8b78d89bfcd288951dce860b842050bb677470d8c5e9946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325152.jpg?k=44a7bdcf79825fed831847568d00a74c2e8d9c927ab50133669567242feb4d28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479325090.jpg?k=f8baa162042d7a02f76d1cc2600f35ddb3852dde46f4264c5745e1274d977133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479650899.jpg?k=45ddff3456dd17961b010429c8b023768da8b93e149b5d0d007570ed2d2a8538&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 150 m"\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 950 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paolo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Luxurious apartment, very clean! 100% recommended. Perfect location. Very quiet!”"\n  - name: "Mattia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovo con vista mare spettacolare e davvero tanti servizi come lavatrice e ferro da stiro e smart TV”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-marina-bay-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe essence of modern living is captured within its air-conditioned spaces, boasting a balcony that invites the outside in. Guests are treated to a realm of amenities including a lift and round-the-clock security, ensuring both accessibility and peace of mind throughout their stay.

Designed to accommodate the needs of the contemporary traveler, the apartment features a generously sized bedroom, a bathroom equipped with essentials, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment at any hour. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen, opens up to a terrace offering serene sea views, while a patio serves as a charming outdoor dining space. The commitment to guest comfort is further underscored by thoughtful touches like soundproofing and a private entrance, ensuring a secluded retreat.

Located conveniently, Saranda Bay Beach is just a short journey away, with Saranda City Beach slightly further, offering guests a variety of coastal experiences. For those looking to explore beyond, the nearest airport in Ioannina is within reach, with the residence providing a paid shuttle service for effortless travel planning.

Saranda Marina Bay Residence stands as a testament to the blend of luxury and practicality, making it an ideal spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Sarandë while enjoying the comforts of home.