---\ntitle: "Saranda relax apartments"\ndescription: "Saranda Relax Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369906394.jpg?k=8dbaafd8fd3723c0aefcf0aa08a7d685e3ac012b9a7384dccbacfdb38113f2ec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-relax-apartments\naddress: "Street Abedin Dino Building Nr: 44, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8738515\n  lng: 20.00228643\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369906394.jpg?k=8dbaafd8fd3723c0aefcf0aa08a7d685e3ac012b9a7384dccbacfdb38113f2ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451612648.jpg?k=0ffc1117711194524dd66fe7dc2204437e697b1a77528282ea412a934d2cdc50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451635314.jpg?k=6c42f5156835d0e10ebe00d7a074718cfe8e84674b069b88632e00de7ebfaa7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451635319.jpg?k=1aa328cce6ea2e3204dfce042e6e9d53e8b981dc20fa692db529d00b8e7d3544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451635316.jpg?k=6d2470cb23712a530368c0d34e09ad188607112779d977175bac878fdb0d7621&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451635330.jpg?k=d0f637110c9752db29d55b1e83d505605a9673b43043ed9a870b77790bdf8437&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Fish-Time 20 m"\n  - "Shiza 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 500 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alessio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Perfect position, supermarket close and a great view from the balcony”"\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Good location. Very close to the center. Big apartment with a lot of balconies and comfortable beds.”"\n  - name: "Capasso"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento ubicato in un palazzo praticamente al centro di Saranda! Cucina/salotto provvista di tutti i comfort (tv, macchinetta caffè a capsule, condizionatore, terrazzino con stendino, ecc), altro condizionatore e terrazzino con vista mare e...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-relax-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Saranda Relax Apartments are treated to air-conditioned accommodations that boast not only a balcony with scenic views but also a suite of modern conveniences. Each unit is equipped with a desk, coffee machine, oven, fridge, safety deposit box, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The private bathrooms feature walk-in showers, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. Moreover, the presence of a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a stovetop and kitchenware, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like.

The convenience at Saranda Relax Apartments extends beyond the confines of the apartments themselves. A minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always within reach. For those looking to explore the area, La Petite Beach and the historic Butrint National Park are both within easy reach, promising adventures and cultural experiences just a short drive away. Furthermore, the property offers free private parking and complimentary WiFi, making it an ideal base for both leisure and exploration.

Located 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Saranda Relax Apartments presents a compelling option for travelers in search of a serene retreat that does not compromise on accessibility or comfort. Whether it's the allure of the beachfront setting or the promise of a home-away-from-home experience, this apartment complex caters to a wide range of preferences and needs, making it a standout choice in Sarandë.