---\ntitle: "Saranda Exclusive Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Saranda Exclusive Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Flamingo Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856099.jpg?k=11cb4e54a466428050bca8c703aeefbb4954ee4c77d1b640538b7a201f120b4a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-exclusive-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8556175\n  lng: 20.02118176\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856099.jpg?k=11cb4e54a466428050bca8c703aeefbb4954ee4c77d1b640538b7a201f120b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856418.jpg?k=29e8e50b78224416ca956d52ee1ba4c2b2f912bd4aff0586375191bffe6ab4bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381379042.jpg?k=968c7f5be8af2811e393df92bc1966ec5fde20389c5483597313287432f7c3cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473858551.jpg?k=6920822af78352091a96a2105131f61b48f5dadc95f632fa6ff6727a4726f934&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856915.jpg?k=44a27374d62ec6ff8355866486a2a80f4240a3be6d285e253c0e61b39c1ea257&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856566.jpg?k=4b09c17f2f91c4c945642e90cf7d8c65edccd0f57327ec7e1fb3d76f80609fbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473856643.jpg?k=36923cac40f92d64cf3c241b986aa907425754884164f2b8a7ba973686b5d3f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473857019.jpg?k=90851d24e56bde3a6fdbac5c32587db85a592a2e9dac285cd9a7398ac541470a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473855873.jpg?k=c75b9996353d6e3ae9a7b0f5d0b81552e5e1dd817af9cc3b2b0c020e73e75337&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fantastic 30 m"\n  - "Taverne Fast Food 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Flamingo Beach 100 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 250 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 350 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 700 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dianafloriana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Apartament mare, spatios, foarte curat, terasa spațioasă cu vedere superba la mare. Ne-a depășit așteptările! Managerul apartamentului foarte amabil, ne-a ajutat cu tot ce am avut nevoie.
Cu siguranță, dacă vom mai reveni în Albania vom alege...”"\n  - name: "Leonardo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“vista incantevole , arredamento curato ed elegante”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-exclusive-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting two generously sized bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with all the essentials, including bed linen and towels. The living space is designed to cater to the needs of the contemporary traveler, featuring a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen that opens up to a terrace offering panoramic sea views. The inclusion of air conditioning, a bidet, and a dressing room within the unit adds a layer of sophistication and convenience.

Security and privacy are paramount at Saranda Exclusive Apartment 1, with full-day security and soundproofing ensuring a peaceful stay. The added benefits of free private parking and complimentary WiFi allow guests to stay connected and secure throughout their visit.

Its location is unbeatable for those eager to explore, with Mango Beach, VIP Beach, and Santa Quaranta Beach all within easy reach. For those venturing further, Ioannina Airport is located 97 km away, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

Saranda Exclusive Apartment 1 stands out as an exceptional choice for those seeking a serene beachfront retreat that does not compromise on modern amenities and convenience.