---\ntitle: "Saranda Rooms - Port"\ndescription: "Saranda Rooms - Port emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365805263.jpg?k=2d256f063f65c0b05e8bf217efb51161bd328ad06956c48535e2cfa205671d83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-rooms-port\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha NR.69, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86887332\n  lng: 20.00047946\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 148\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365805263.jpg?k=2d256f063f65c0b05e8bf217efb51161bd328ad06956c48535e2cfa205671d83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365585938.jpg?k=5e450b35f2a6e09cebd69b09894861cd61a8a63770ef0ff5a775c89d9b6c0980&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366415796.jpg?k=c486abc1294c46b694541d1881759a63534c74b01389837388f50322361ed092&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/266355109.jpg?k=0f5231c0e394dae29c7c33fe4551e77478b9d3b978664f3c63694fdcd0b165d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366883767.jpg?k=556768aeb2880a30b10c28eb316fae3326145826375f5694ee14daf3e27891d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365805629.jpg?k=1f4cd9b8b0b7df8c32c6dd26bab83c8e13246bec79f28a2dc8ca7d7e20f4ae64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365563856.jpg?k=0cd0642f9875f1162bb710436db36dbf886ba0e598f5ac4dae624778280ed98b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365586351.jpg?k=db4090924aaff0e1bc91eedf8ef28a3532ebccabbfe1f24f815610d20018b519&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365563000.jpg?k=e2c85b675a059dd4e591e0ebf1aee1942deae6c9c1856e470f22098054468890&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aloha Beach 30 m"\n  - "Vesa Pizzeria 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 950 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rul's"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything!!... very kind and welcoming family. Apartment was fully equipped with everything one could ask for. They also allowed us a late check out and were always available for any queries!!”"\n  - name: "Kay"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“extremely clean. plenty of space. perfect situated with 100 meters to the beach and in a Street with all we needed for a stay.”"\n  - name: "Sanja"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Great location. Private garage. The apartment is very spacious. It exceeded our expectation. The hosts were very kind and available for everything we needed. Towels and sheets were changed 3 times in 10 days.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, guests can find themselves wandering into the bustling city center within a 300-meter stroll. The promise of connectivity is further fulfilled with complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises, ensuring that guests remain linked to the world beyond.

Accommodations at Saranda Rooms - Port are thoughtfully designed, with select units boasting seating areas and balconies for those moments of reflection or casual relaxation. For guests inclined towards culinary adventures, certain units are equipped with kitchens, complete with ovens, inviting the opportunity to create and savor personal meals. The assurance of privacy and comfort is underscored by private bathrooms in every unit, complemented with towels for added convenience.

The location of Saranda Rooms - Port serves as a gateway to explore the wider region. Paleokastritsa, known for its breathtaking landscapes, is a 33 km journey, while the historic allure of Corfu Town lies 29 km away. For those seeking sun-kissed beaches, Glyfada is within a 35 km reach, making Saranda Rooms - Port an ideal base for both relaxation and exploration.