---\ntitle: "Saranda Landscape"\ndescription: "Saranda Landscape emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Sarandë, strategically positioned just a short distance from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach and the exclusive VIP Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362860410.jpg?k=fd94bae21ed2fb2b96f1224fe99f6c394a3e676c8f836370595c41148c89018b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-landscape\naddress: "Rruga Shen Dhimitri, Nivice,Sarande, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.94899275\n  lng: 19.96883868\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362860410.jpg?k=fd94bae21ed2fb2b96f1224fe99f6c394a3e676c8f836370595c41148c89018b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362864783.jpg?k=7d22e1cf704f5050aef0772a69526a173dc9e6a5d1a779810dcd89af115c16dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362864743.jpg?k=aae3189d927018e9eadafef1a431a6776efc4d46163d3c1c4e8941bb2b4e3db4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485662431.jpg?k=f98c3a21d38595ab897a2e324a79fc8e624946e77bc7ebc71a70fd5370125cbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362865001.jpg?k=defa786cc97889290e6fbda0b549ff96aa3540d495070b10b1f703be1fb78d3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362864716.jpg?k=8ca07324fc4acb117be05f16ce2b599b0642d37b21e6855c50fb9d685e4a800c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362864730.jpg?k=5ca5d9a0d2e030248cdbc04dceb9adebe6ca33dcfa1e4c1ae19cc02b83521448&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362865154.jpg?k=a4033dcaa92ad96792ae1cdd25dbadee4af66a6f8f6e6334faf57643183181c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362864753.jpg?k=c35ba87960aaa815220595d266e4c75c71c24bb501644db9e118915de9a5d920&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Muzhaqi 150 m"\n  - "V & U 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 38 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Neville"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Perfect getaway from the city of Sarandë. They have a lovely garden and grow their own tomatoes, mandarin, oranges, pumpkins, apples and lot more.”"\n  - name: "Kateřina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The owners are very kind and friendly..beautiful place to stay with an amazing view..”"\n  - name: "Veronica"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto, il posto è bello, tranquillo, famigliare e accogliente.
Siamo tornati per la seconda volta e ci sembra sempre più di tornare in visita dagli zii. Violeta e Odisea e il figlio Nikola son fantastici.
La stanza è nuovissima (siamo stati i...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/saranda-landscape.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on providing ample free private parking, making it an ideal base for adventurers keen on exploring the surrounding areas through hiking, fishing, and cycling. Saranda Landscape is not just about its prime location; it's about offering a home away from home. The lodge boasts a well-appointed terrace that presents breathtaking mountain views, creating a backdrop of nature's finest artwork.

Inside, guests are treated to a cozy yet spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom featuring a shower. The attention to detail in the design and amenities ensures a comfortable and convenient stay for all guests.

Beyond the confines of the lodge, Flamingo Beach awaits at a mere 2.3 km distance, offering another spot for relaxation and sunbathing. For those intrigued by history and nature, the Butrint National Park, located 27 km away, offers a glimpse into Albania's rich heritage and natural beauty. Furthermore, the lodge's proximity to Ioannina Airport, 104 km away, facilitates easy access for international travelers.

Saranda Landscape stands out as a top choice for those seeking a blend of adventure, relaxation, and convenience in Sarandë. Its thoughtful amenities, coupled with its strategic location, make it a compelling choice for travelers looking to experience the best of what the area has to offer.