---\ntitle: "Saranda Backpackers"\ndescription: "Saranda Backpackers emerges as a vibrant haven for travelers seeking both adventure and relaxation in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/59858097.jpg?k=0d6cc7a7518369810c59f27e475ce005ecd6714da2dc46ef2ab093e5842753ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: saranda-backpackers\naddress: "Rruga Mithat Hoxha, Pallati Nr.10, Lagjia nr.4, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87254887\n  lng: 20.00229391\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 409\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/59858097.jpg?k=0d6cc7a7518369810c59f27e475ce005ecd6714da2dc46ef2ab093e5842753ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311389053.jpg?k=4c596ad96fe9e99a31353c201ee53929e44329aa424e3208cc1bb5442227fff2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311389813.jpg?k=40db5ef076c64c0274667920470a9c36689f73666778c6aadd72b03a4b7a15ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311419700.jpg?k=f4ee0cc35e490a20defda4ea8e0d1399fab73035b5ff7ae425dbbf647bf2df3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99084421.jpg?k=4923a4f289faa14717565d1829fa9ad8da69ee8f6ea9bf475f61e94f9dfea5e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311986915.jpg?k=b48b1e0d281dfdedbfedb69755246a4d9f97376f1fa62c276d8de7c631715ade&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319888930.jpg?k=7b451d20fa9d7a99461cc67a49d9267ff3c88128833459def6e681f449842545&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/59912724.jpg?k=c97f5bc5df956a06f742a9a80161a0d9533f60403ccc6d028a8663af49edc39c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/322176663.jpg?k=964900a8fe58093f211d9a7f44b90c33d4e8d398a197b1069ea3bf7c0c90bd80&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Joan 10 m"\n  - "like ... more than a Creperie 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 350 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 600 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jose"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The location is perfect! You can see the ocean from anywhere in the apartment! Tommy is a great host!
You got restaurants and bars all over the place! Everything is within walking distance! The hostel is great!”"\n  - name: "Ronald"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“Perfect location, almost beach front, 2 minutes walk to the promenade. Tommy, the host, was the best! From the moment we arrived, he made sure were comfortable and offered any help we may require. He is like the father of everyone staying in the...”"\n  - name: "Edgard"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The staff especially Tony is a great guy, help us whit everything we need,location is good ,simple place but a great atmosphere , great place to meet people from around the world!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sr-backpackers.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nThe rooms at Saranda Backpackers are thoughtfully equipped with modern comforts such as a coffee machine, a computer, and a CD player, ensuring a stay that doesn't compromise on the comforts of home. Each room boasts a television, a shared bathroom, and a balcony that presents a captivating view of the city, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the urban landscape.

For those drawn to the allure of the sea, the hostel's proximity to various beaches including Saranda City Beach, La Petite Beach, and Maestral Beach, offers ample opportunity for sunbathing, swimming, and engaging in water sports like diving, fishing, and snorkeling. The beachfront location is perfect for guests looking to relax by the sea or explore the vibrant marine life.

Situated 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Saranda Backpackers is not only accessible but also serves as an ideal base for exploring the surrounding attractions. Whether it's lounging on the beach, delving into the local culture, or seeking adventure in the great outdoors, this hostel caters to a wide range of interests and preferences, making it a top choice for travelers visiting Sarandë.