---\ntitle: "Sasso Bianco Apartment 13"\ndescription: "Sasso Bianco Apartment 13 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973031.jpg?k=00cc9d44f8d0ba03a4330db1f172b06991c098aff4c343cd5ea7dd0e0bc70949&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sasso-bianco-apartment-13\naddress: "Sasso Bianco Ristorante, SH4, Durrës 2008, Albania, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27972687\n  lng: 19.51345828\nprice: "US$26"\npriceFrom: 26\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973031.jpg?k=00cc9d44f8d0ba03a4330db1f172b06991c098aff4c343cd5ea7dd0e0bc70949&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973132.jpg?k=56fd680a12f5a97903c84d06fcd407a5279acc162a373968af722674318cdba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973078.jpg?k=118b4f2e243a78db8997eb1d261db06bb3db13213cabfa4175d228597b0e20f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973041.jpg?k=dc9626faa6ba210fdd465ebd928f421c004726f9a1f175fd97ad45cbee7f2f08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515972998.jpg?k=22aa53d933cd2792fec8e74a724dc9e4284f1382084e325c54fcedbb78edc207&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973117.jpg?k=93a0136838cf50694f2a841369dd8345f5d82adc16c8388b2432b1dd466f207c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515973010.jpg?k=b4bcf0adee7732cd1232a04e7485691808fb53d229cab2f8f5fa3c43c417205e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515972984.jpg?k=c139456f7068b34ac37abd5a301041ea044a6a3976b29f3ed595cb8ab847af4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515972946.jpg?k=50daf7d136832a7de0417bd3646e7055f26dd4aa48b8e644009dd4df5e14bc09&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sasso Bianco Ristorante 50 m"\n  - "Tirona 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 30 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 750 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ernisa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I really enjoyed my stay , the apartment was gorgeous and big and had everything you could want! The location was brilliant and also the breakfast was perfect.”"\n  - name: "H"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location is very good, right at the beach. Apartment is clean and spacious . The host is very helpful. There is also parking. You have also the restaurant downstairs which is pretty good.”"\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Pomocny personel, smaczne śniadania, piękne widoki”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sasso-bianco-apartment-13.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and modern amenities, boasting air-conditioned interiors that extend to a private balcony offering sweeping sea views. The inclusion of free WiFi and private parking, along with the convenience of an elevator, underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort. The non-smoking environment ensures a clean and healthy stay for all visitors.

Accommodation at Sasso Bianco Apartment 13 is thoughtfully designed with a single bedroom, yet it doesn't skimp on luxury or necessity. The kitchen is well-equipped with a fridge and minibar, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the living area provides a cozy spot for relaxation, complete with a flat-screen TV. The bathroom, featuring a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the homely feel.

Dining at the apartment is a delightful experience, with a continental breakfast available to kick start the day. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests for lunch, dinner, and cocktails, boasting a family-friendly atmosphere that caters to a variety of tastes.

For those seeking moments of tranquility, the garden offers a peaceful retreat. Meanwhile, explorers will appreciate the proximity to Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 42 km and 46 km away, respectively, offering a glimpse into the local culture and breathtaking landscapes.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 36 km away, making Sasso Bianco Apartment 13 an accessible and appealing choice for both domestic and international travelers looking for a memorable stay in Durrës.