---\ntitle: "SC Tirana Centre Apartment"\ndescription: "SC Tirana Centre Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503876497.jpg?k=e4ae5df9640b8aba0d9a92fa327897fc85ca8e1eeee54726c364852b0910a5b1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sc-tirana-centre-apartment\naddress: "Rruga At Shtjefën Gjeçovi, 1018 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33376713\n  lng: 19.82840258\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503876497.jpg?k=e4ae5df9640b8aba0d9a92fa327897fc85ca8e1eeee54726c364852b0910a5b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504133942.jpg?k=857c83142f857c1ea30f402e505dc64b73c1645893aa74ac39a9fe235159a263&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503876511.jpg?k=0a02eaf5235a5f34b9430da54114bca6daff6ddfa4e75cc577b0155c7a35adf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505083646.jpg?k=7f64ad0a73f3237a23dd9571662ac0efb1b82adccb2652d26f5b2edc969896cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503876495.jpg?k=8dddd6e208f326a0cd92e531206177279e79731767b797784740aa7d0b9bab88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503876524.jpg?k=7aebd95bae8d2f36926fa072d5ba7bc6b83d30ef68f2cbcb60e64174f364661f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504133732.jpg?k=312f6ae0046326474902506734aa89bb040c85120306d70f87b002115eb99850&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504044595.jpg?k=d38f868ca1f9a57a049daf60a7e8e95008ca6b527ed10bac2ecfe14e82b0862c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504134541.jpg?k=4ea9c3acc043d869f6e22f4c829259380bc7744da2dfd79caca39765b7b5a8d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Korani 100 m"\n  - "Juliet 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 700 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bleriana"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Cozy apartment,close to the centre. Clean and very comfortable. Definitely worth the money.”"\n  - name: "Matea"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Apartment is cosy and very beautiful, it is located near everything you need, it was very clean and host was amazing and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Elvi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The house was very easy to be located and the owner was very helpful in answering questions that we had. It was near the city centre 10 min of walking and you're there. The apartment was very clean and tidy and completely newly furnished. Greatly...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis one-bedroom apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a fully immersive living experience. Guests can enjoy the luxury of air conditioning, essential for the warm Tirana summers, alongside the convenience of free private parking. The inclusion of a balcony offers a private outdoor space to relax and unwind after a day of exploration.

Connectivity is never an issue, thanks to the complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. Entertainment and practical needs are well catered for, with a flat-screen TV for leisurely evenings and a washing machine for longer stays. The kitchen is fully equipped, featuring a toaster and fridge, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, adding a touch of home comfort to their travel experience.

The apartment's location is ideally suited for those eager to dive into the cultural heart of Tirana. A short distance from landmarks such as Tanners' Bridge, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, it serves as a perfect base for cultural exploration. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making SC Tirana Centre Apartment an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in Albania's captivating capital.