---\ntitle: "Scandinavian Apartments AL"\ndescription: "Scandinavian Apartments AL emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492231983.jpg?k=c089b1caed6dc9a11dd3ef787a1819d0f2b8d50041fce38db5b983e450ab7c03&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: scandinavian-apartments-al\naddress: "Rruga Him Kolli Apartment 21, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3263669\n  lng: 19.8107938\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492231983.jpg?k=c089b1caed6dc9a11dd3ef787a1819d0f2b8d50041fce38db5b983e450ab7c03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493447093.jpg?k=b0f60eb4f1113041300c30c20971a561b9edc15691ce631ee491d270eec7ceda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492232004.jpg?k=5da6df36eec23dbdb4214ad6668cd44edc3feceef10cf8c1b1aa3ee73edf4af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492231901.jpg?k=c8c55d3b921d850ae714e6361d11bfcaa4f5d4a329ea7ec912f34ccba02f8f0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492231912.jpg?k=098901d7a758c4f6000790b534f77672e5ec191777be2a24aa63f188c1e782b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492231812.jpg?k=fbe1c4a70c59f193d121c09c783546f236329a2d156b9e432939600e2017ee15&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Luara 20 m"\n  - "Pizza Seni 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mario"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was on place. Clean. Spacious. Host very welcoming.”"\n  - name: "Łukasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Brand new apartaments in very convinient location in Tirana, by foot you can reach many central points of interest. Elevator inside building, very clean, super helpful crew with constant contact via WhatsApp.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Krásný velký pokoj. Vše bylo čisté. Postel velká a pohodlná, a ti samé i pohovka. Prostě super prostorný pokoj. Nemám co vytknout. Hostitelka byla velmi příjemná.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/scandinavian-apartments-al.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Scandinavian Apartments AL boasts sleek parquet floors and is equipped with a modern kitchenette, complete with a microwave and dining area, ensuring guests can enjoy the comforts of home. Entertainment is readily available through flat-screen TVs offering streaming services, and the convenience of a private bathroom with shower and complimentary slippers adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For those who appreciate the outdoors, select units feature balconies, perfect for enjoying a morning coffee or evening relaxation.

The attention to detail extends to the amenities provided, with air conditioning and a desk in every unit, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service on-site facilitates exploration of Tirana and its surroundings, making it effortless to discover the city's rich history and culture.

Noteworthy attractions nearby include the intriguing House of Leaves and the iconic Clock Tower Tirana, placing guests in the midst of the city's historical and cultural heartbeat. For those arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, ensures a smooth transition to the comfort of Scandinavian Apartments AL.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Scandinavian Apartments AL stands out as a distinguished accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Tirana.