---\ntitle: "Scanderbeg Square 2BR APT"\ndescription: "Scanderbeg Square 2BR APT emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094064.jpg?k=54ec08316fd77696bc35fa5a14a9e3bf1f0feaa01f817ef745ef4c3679a85fbc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: scanderbeg-square-2br-apt\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.329098\n  lng: 19.82217062\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094064.jpg?k=54ec08316fd77696bc35fa5a14a9e3bf1f0feaa01f817ef745ef4c3679a85fbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094179.jpg?k=dc36c58f836f52afa591f843a037a5af806429aa2da3e40679e6ce0aae5840bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094170.jpg?k=8cb69a7ac6b96ea1d43ed86ed4dbdb4032bcf233f1ae5de8c6f7bdaa34f5ff02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094279.jpg?k=9aedf64929870d78a99b00c4c188e337a3558a604078f5c440a370a90d105b07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094156.jpg?k=a04616e7e05c1edf1cf62e3509ff2e130567e8ed614c63bf1869d3c4e63ab9fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094292.jpg?k=b848a4a95cb7ecfb814dcb6aaa4487aee8002f3f49429bc7f32caf0e706e2bf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094217.jpg?k=dff6a9486a1d6b090f2dfd576c3a5a40599da4a29774cd41e9d0f53f36c9baa4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094250.jpg?k=ad132b974cccbd9a386d08442b564448c04869a8228afd716fbf4d8572620f6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457094134.jpg?k=1a1b278acc8917c05fcc488dbd22dd46463a301da16e9bf6cdf351cb91a3f4c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ama 10 m"\n  - "Happy Times 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 50 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Esra"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Location was really easy to find and in the middle of center. It was very near to all tourist attractions and was possible to walk to all of them.”"\n  - name: "Ulf"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“We liked that apartment near to everything in the city center. Fantastic view from balcony , 7th floor”"\n  - name: "Pëllumb"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartament is right in the Center, we were really surprised. You have the views of opera and Scanderbeg Square from the balconies. Also the key was at the lock key in the entrance of the building. We definitely recommend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/scanderbeg-square-2br-apt.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a sanctuary of space and serenity. Guests are welcomed into a thoughtfully designed living space, featuring two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a modern bathroom, ensuring a stay that combines home comfort with the luxury of being away. The inclusion of air conditioning, free WiFi, and a balcony adds layers of convenience and relaxation to the guest experience. Entertainment needs are also met with a flat-screen TV, making it an ideal retreat for both leisure and business travelers.

For those looking to immerse themselves in Tirana's vibrant culture and shopping scene, Scanderbeg Square 2BR APT is conveniently close to Toptani Shopping Centre, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 14 km away, further cements its status as a highly accessible lodging option for international visitors.

In summary, Scanderbeg Square 2BR APT stands as a testament to the perfect blend of strategic location, comfort, and cultural immersion, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone looking to experience the best of Tirana.