---\ntitle: "Sea&Sun&Sand Luxury Apartment in Durres"\ndescription: "Sea&Sun&Sand Luxury Apartment in Durres emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure right on the doorstep of Kallmi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517420529.jpg?k=e97744498efb9f6448b723adcb9f5468501fa217c15e5bc29cb27ad7799eebdf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-sun-sand-luxury-apartment-in-durres\naddress: "Rruga Currila, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32195282\n  lng: 19.42972465\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517420529.jpg?k=e97744498efb9f6448b723adcb9f5468501fa217c15e5bc29cb27ad7799eebdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514844183.jpg?k=5fbe51f876c7356b1de6636c7c32e7112b524d1039f3ca685e54bedcbeb16b41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517411955.jpg?k=a4b9925e4c019d4f8e4d3fd907debad1653bd754dadf108732bc80f4283f3ec0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513345787.jpg?k=5075c92c8f104d56ca29af90eac46462ab447b0c9b0c4baf2fd3775634b15084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517411927.jpg?k=64efd38f3dc4c362e947fe29d118b126734cb69490c007e7b08d9bf76a861e91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517411974.jpg?k=18e9f016732eb1a205ec76d269b1a4585350ab3bbfa3f45f31bfe13ac66f485b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514843442.jpg?k=b409c46c3191979e7065899d11f4e32a2613a1da09dbe572e279b282e056eb24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517411988.jpg?k=d4ede2d01e32eb1f2cb495c50d58c7e6f8212ea1f51d080541d7d37fb3ca14a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517422742.jpg?k=cc233d9f3991b60022af4deba362da56069ad8a4032c6e5537b0d07459e01c2d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Good free WiFi (42 Mbps)"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Sardi 50 m"\n  - "Villa Mare 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 30 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 600 m"\n  - "West End Beach 700 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.7 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Loshe"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property was a total relaxing vibe.Very easy to find and very clean inside.The view waa a 10/10 and the staff very gentle.Totally recomand ☺️”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great apartment with stunning view in a very quiet place. The hosts are very helpful and anwser all questions. The place was cleaned for us and prepared for the stay and since we where earlier they’ve let us leave bags which was very nice.”"\n  - name: "Jana"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Čisté prostorné ubytování, vstřícný majitel. Hned u moře, kousek od centra.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-sea-and-sand-in-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of luxury, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a bathroom complete with a bidet and dressing room, and an expansive terrace offering breathtaking sea views. The living space is equipped with modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV with streaming services, air conditioning, a fully equipped kitchen, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and the convenience of free private parking adds to the seamless experience.

One of the highlights of this accommodation is the rooftop pool, complemented by a pool bar, where guests can unwind with a drink in hand, overlooking the mountainous landscape. The property doesn't stop there; it also features spa facilities and an elevator for ease of access.

Dining at the Sea&Sun&Sand Luxury Apartment is an experience in itself, with an on-site family-friendly restaurant catering to a variety of tastes for dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails. For those looking to rejuvenate, a range of wellness packages are available, promising a refreshing escape.

The area surrounding the apartment is a playground for the adventurous at heart. Guests can engage in fishing, snorkeling, and cycling, with the convenience of car hire and bicycle rental services available directly from the apartment. Additionally, the property boasts a private beach area, inviting guests to enjoy the sun and sand in an exclusive setting.

Located just 41 km from Skanderbeg Square and 35 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service on offer, the Sea&Sun&Sand Luxury Apartment ensures ease of travel and accessibility. This property is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers an unforgettable experience for those looking to explore Durres in style.