---\ntitle: "Sea View Apartments in Vlorë, Albania"\ndescription: "Sea View Apartments in Vlorë, Albania, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, coupled with stunning sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480782748.jpg?k=d0c2042253d0eae20a9e1ef22fac85cef2e9cb379fec622f899ad0b6434aa9d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-apartments-in-vlor-albania\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Konomi, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41931574\n  lng: 19.49073189\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480782748.jpg?k=d0c2042253d0eae20a9e1ef22fac85cef2e9cb379fec622f899ad0b6434aa9d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482912755.jpg?k=f8aaa160a026d907fb2a20441fb50148438caeb2f42c6a64a6ad33b5d203c5a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480797746.jpg?k=87c2105a8f01f4a649bfde1d9b89419a3d5ffbf155f807b4828d8a13f1456e7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495285379.jpg?k=a79bbce0ffd0840f98026db9cb2917267176ff70aac7f9278cbaa4777d7dc2c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480782625.jpg?k=ce6e9d5068cf73a99cc0a5fa09a807946ff51a661b9fc8868ea101f3ef12b79b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480782678.jpg?k=f61133cb90a572df254e4b9ee5dba301d2273321c9f6be993901c4ae6921433f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tiku & Mato 250 m"\n  - "Donatelo 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 350 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 950 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartament bardzo ładnie urządzony. Wszystko czyste i pachnie nowością.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-view-apartments-in-vlore-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Sea View Apartments are treated to an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a terrace and barbecue facilities for those leisurely evenings under the stars, complemented by the assurance of full-day security. An added convenience is the inclusion of an elevator, ensuring easy access to all levels of the property, alongside an outdoor fireplace that adds a touch of warmth and ambiance.

The apartments themselves are a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm Albanian days, alongside complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with a seating area, washing machine, and a fully equipped kitchen, including a fridge, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. The private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries, adding to the convenience.

What sets these apartments apart are the breathtaking views of the sea, available from many of the units. Select apartments also offer the luxury of a balcony or patio, some boasting mountain views and an outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals with a view. To ensure a comfortable stay, each unit is furnished with bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore the local area, Liro Beach is just 1.1 km away, while Ri Beach is slightly further at 1.7 km, offering ample opportunities for beach days and water activities. For international travelers, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest gateway, located 155 km from the property, making Sea View Apartments in Vlorë, Albania, an accessible and desirable destination for both local and international visitors.