---\ntitle: "Sea View Nik Apartment"\ndescription: "Sea View Nik Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336920819.jpg?k=2c8565d57e72be079f2429d3481e634ee569d1fea2487ee01dc9502222966418&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-nik-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes Te Bar DEJVI, Durrës, Qarku i Durrësit, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28265054\n  lng: 19.51198147\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336920819.jpg?k=2c8565d57e72be079f2429d3481e634ee569d1fea2487ee01dc9502222966418&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183697202.jpg?k=cda9263c0b4a15b523314512afbd39e37e6492d769fa96a05b37284d4dfa507d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/183697199.jpg?k=a89573e5f058f680af10b126ff377a4fb6f8874e58cfd9447c505530676439ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225305542.jpg?k=1cabe3c2094aee0ce402860e47ef37d0dbed7215a012269054b83457b71a2879&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225305541.jpg?k=0ec7a32963560801525743ca782f8a3b697a2fe5845c7be646ffb6e098717885&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/225305535.jpg?k=f7e01c16ec151b70803e56e5baebc032f828748e9ebe1c5e7c53e5d8334d503e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263408799.jpg?k=8c39d4c8f9dcf61cfac3ecdefb6f45cb8c0d1a8413dd73d539d809e34689a5c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263408786.jpg?k=4cd08d78ed586bd0f0e61c9c2c7d816ac6f17bc6aac2c4da90c9f138d505de5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336920813.jpg?k=920dec58c9941d548eca585c322614146daa2b1602de01754821b554c6aee9dd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Peja 40 m"\n  - "Sazani 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 400 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gábor"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The view of the sea is amazing. The apartment is equipped with everything, but seriously, there is no device that if you just think it would not be. I’ve been to many places in my life, but I’ve never experienced such perfection anywhere. The...”"\n  - name: "Anastasiia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo czysto w apartamencie, widok na morze jest niesamowity, kuchnia jest świetnie wyposażona. Mieszkanie jest bardzo nowoczesne i komfortowe. Ale najważniejsze to super kontakt z właścicielami, bardzo przemili ludzi, odpowiadają na wszystkie...”"\n  - name: "Stéphane"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Proximité commerces, boulangerie, plages. Restaurants, animations le long de la plage.
A prendre en compte que la plage est monopolisée par des parasols et transats payants (prix environ 5 euros le parasol + 2 transats à la journée). Pour info,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/nik-apartment-seaside-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it's a haven of comfort and convenience. Guests are treated to a spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. Modern amenities are not spared, with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, an equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven for those home-cooked meals, and two bathrooms with walk-in showers ensuring a comfortable stay. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home.

For those minor necessities or quick snacks, the apartment conveniently houses a minimarket. While the allure of the beach is undeniable, guests also have the opportunity to explore further afield. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within driving distance, offering unique experiences and scenic views of the area. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 36 km away, makes Sea View Nik Apartment a practical choice for both international and domestic travelers.

In essence, Sea View Nik Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation option, combining the tranquility of beachfront living with the comforts of a fully equipped, modern apartment. It's an ideal getaway for those looking to enjoy the beauty of Durrës and its surroundings.