---\ntitle: "Sea And Sun Apartments"\ndescription: "Sea And Sun Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a beachfront haven in Sarandë, located a mere 200 meters from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882782.jpg?k=ac6ca29b04c05355e6b445361fd09d26946dd2ec801bfcb22bf5a2bbd1b624af&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-and-sun-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha 160 HYRJA 4, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86965913\n  lng: 19.999515\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 123\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882782.jpg?k=ac6ca29b04c05355e6b445361fd09d26946dd2ec801bfcb22bf5a2bbd1b624af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198136165.jpg?k=09161cca3aa62173015e355381dbcaf0565fe41f2f562ab1898e92f83afcbf96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882784.jpg?k=202adb3ffcbae967ff56d33d01a356da99ed0118430b424db2618670d67a9779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882734.jpg?k=2093dfb6691a39db0df2a3c1e5ffa72b834ee6fecb701c7dd01c802d54cf509d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198136198.jpg?k=0a99324b8c1846b16662465d2519d2e1aa18fbd25a576c37246fc271dbfbe301&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/142774518.jpg?k=e64c3d682252f0c0ee52e5524ce57ccdf13ee6a21f65d8572f16b98526b0cfa7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882776.jpg?k=7565cae2104e6f6c3c0aadc7cea7940d2d62329cf76713d5a79e5b115d1f77d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/97882773.jpg?k=52a3a052eb18dbbe82650101deaa9a9d3ed616d74a59ebb7de88e20429d7d348&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198136074.jpg?k=8deff8e90b09ad0e88763eef9051a3cacf7b085b3bb44896563db082fda482a5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Laberia 20 m"\n  - "Ramo Saranda 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 950 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Natasha"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious, lovely view and good location. Best value for money”"\n  - name: "Krymi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice and clean apartment. Also the location is very convenient. I highly recommend”"\n  - name: "Àlvaro"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment with a giant balcony overlooking the sea.
It has two bathrooms and two air conditioners. Beach just across the street. Quiet area and easy to find parking if tou have a car.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-and-sun-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Sea And Sun is designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned spaces that blend modern amenities with homely touches. Guests can expect to find a balcony offering expansive views of the Ionian Sea, a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, adds a layer of convenience for those preferring home-cooked meals. Moreover, the provision of a private bathroom, outfitted with a bath and hairdryer, ensures a comfortable stay.

For those who appreciate cityscapes, select units offer views that capture the essence of Sarandë's urban charm. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a coffee machine in each unit, alongside essentials such as bed linen and towels, underscoring the apartment complex's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, guests will find La Petite Beach just 2.1 km away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation. For those drawn to cultural and natural exploration, Butrint National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage site, is located 18 km away, presenting an opportunity to delve into Albania's rich history and biodiversity.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Ioannina Airport situated 98 km from the property, making Sea And Sun Apartments a convenient base for both local and international travelers. This combination of strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful touches positions Sea And Sun Apartments as a top-tier accommodation choice for visitors to Sarandë.