---\ntitle: "Sea View Deluxe Apartment"\ndescription: "Sea View Deluxe Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585853.jpg?k=8fe3b2a8db248b212fb496972834ac5930a21477cef0f92d0e483e62582b793d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-deluxe-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30971749\n  lng: 19.48528908\nprice: "US$17"\npriceFrom: 17\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585853.jpg?k=8fe3b2a8db248b212fb496972834ac5930a21477cef0f92d0e483e62582b793d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585865.jpg?k=08da856fffb15644c67e16c602980f6c085a93150b57b5a311730b61fdb53e05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585884.jpg?k=eda2192bea363cf4bfe46a6bc6fc4d6d77db9f3dc330dee570faa5f1df948bf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585849.jpg?k=03bb36c7481829cb9f88b6bdfba20fbdb185c4aa80480f93029c99c79398a242&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585886.jpg?k=529fd14b498b010bdba2b962adb58bbb386a139f9bfb9f70d321b5762e4f8ecc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585851.jpg?k=a2da4288346ede7e71e411483910b33802fbb8ba51316a5e42ec2bb0d674d049&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585860.jpg?k=e5bdf4ac6d8b1c1f7c740dc9f7edb3b7b6d54235c588419e61f1cb5d5e5763fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585863.jpg?k=7feb7e9f052e3c2da80cda88255ea1737025950197f390547340a6991545b5c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405585862.jpg?k=a8c68c408b89f44e8c385906e87e8e80c0013d89181229bc10cd6044b03375c9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni 8 m"\n  - "Prince 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bethany"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The host kindly upgraded us to a bigger apartment. It was spacious, with a big balcony overlooking the sea.”"\n  - name: "Gerald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Xhulio was very kind and responsible for every question. The apartment and location were superb. Worthy payment!”"\n  - name: "Gwen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment and view were stunning and the host was really helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-view-deluxe-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Sea View Deluxe Apartment are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Connectivity is never an issue, thanks to complimentary WiFi access, and the convenience of free private parking is a notable perk. For added peace of mind, the property boasts full-day security, along with a lift and currency exchange services on-site.

The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, complemented by a bathroom stocked with fresh towels and bed linen. Entertainment options are plentiful with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, ensuring guests are never short of things to watch. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to both quick meals and elaborate dinners, while the patio offers an idyllic setting to enjoy the stunning sea views. Importantly, the apartment maintains a non-smoking policy throughout.

For those everyday essentials, a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience. Explorers eager to venture beyond the comforts of the apartment will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 42 km away, offering a unique perspective of the area's natural beauty. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 6.5 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for an unforgettable day trip.

Situated 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Sea View Deluxe Apartment also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property. This apartment not only promises a stay filled with relaxation and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the rich cultural and natural attractions of Durrës.