---\ntitle: "Sea view Apartment Elite2"\ndescription: "Sea View Apartment Elite2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580090.jpg?k=99b785e63b950016ceccd0becde81837de0ed34293e32e4b9db510555333cbb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-apartment-elite2\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86221304\n  lng: 20.01995271\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580090.jpg?k=99b785e63b950016ceccd0becde81837de0ed34293e32e4b9db510555333cbb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580039.jpg?k=05b4551297533e912585a4c09fb205a8337d47e28a056af82ae75b144e4a5715&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580106.jpg?k=96dacb8d5ec527f18e372a59eb6a01fe051f745225bf1feda6e9197e0b186b4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377162880.jpg?k=ce44af6e291208b34900dc1949273f6634cc0e17be220de00a93d8d9cb872228&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580122.jpg?k=094cd263308e630c2c3879f8a2cc80f547b130236d332ed2228090ef28859622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580025.jpg?k=926e3106b5af9c3a49c72a004d1e88a054d70ca03ad79b75dbe7c13246088d0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580046.jpg?k=69e5ebe5288a1ebe5a31f138775d633d73cf81af49eb9886221d1b07d215eff1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580043.jpg?k=25be18808d43efe13c7497b9bbe571b9a83a502b26800b8dc28aac9ede9c0f2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369580044.jpg?k=c3fdc8020e80ca98f7ba804aa5df07a7e8f7424ed9905d4002ea96bd9087f3ef&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shija e Jugut 30 m"\n  - "Renoir 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 350 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 450 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 550 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 650 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We loved our stay in this gorgeous new apartment, the views were impeccable and the location was perfect for us. Just a short bus journey into the center of Sarandë or to Ksamil. The kitchen and living area was large and well equipped, and we...”"\n  - name: "Francesca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“posizione molto bella, zona tranquilla, vista mare. Gli arredamenti sono moderni e tutto è molto nuovo.”"\n  - name: "Angela"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Net appartement en een goeie service. Douche was verstopt, was gelijk binnen vijf minuten iemand om het te fixen. Alles nieuw en de woonkamer en slaapkamer waren beide mooi ruim. Als ik nog eens naar sarande zou gaan zou ik zeker weer boeken.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-elite.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom, and a balcony that presents stunning views of the sea. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV, making for a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a hotel. The fully equipped kitchen adds a touch of convenience, allowing visitors the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, with the added bonus of garden views to enhance the dining experience.

For those looking to explore the local cuisine, a variety of dining options await just steps from the apartment. Moreover, the location serves as a perfect base for adventurers and leisure seekers alike, with opportunities for fishing and exploring the vibrant surroundings of Sarandë.

Notably, Sea View Apartment Elite2 is situated within easy reach of significant attractions, including the Butrint National Park, located 14 km away, and the ancient site of Fanoti, 48 km from the property. For guests traveling by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, positioned 96 km away, making the apartment accessible for international and domestic visitors.

In summary, Sea View Apartment Elite2 stands out as an exceptional choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and excitement of Sarandë, offering a blend of location, luxury, and leisure that is sure to make any stay memorable.