---\ntitle: "Sea view Apartments"\ndescription: "Sea View Apartments emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and scenic beauty, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Beach at Government Villas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528141029.jpg?k=925c0e6403bab479383944ff5c2ef29d05ad1abb2fad5eabc87022a286235288&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pano Xhaho, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42329247\n  lng: 19.49319671\nprice: "US$20"\npriceFrom: 20\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528141029.jpg?k=925c0e6403bab479383944ff5c2ef29d05ad1abb2fad5eabc87022a286235288&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479025664.jpg?k=a86b733857dc3c283b073e0e9d115443da86638b096e0b8dcab149ccc8ff37c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479026247.jpg?k=c47431c46e4d06b70284deee6e2be9b9aba6251baf45c47d7f830c438de033e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528138920.jpg?k=92c3384db37f092ed944b6c2f5f6e8310418f5c4832f94afe4acb9ab240e6680&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479025941.jpg?k=076981b8aaa9807075ab8a31494435f92862368240aa81c82d8c4746d3efc17a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472776188.jpg?k=0a549dbcf2c17752cfe83bd9715b8329ceb81ae0e72186ee0376c53f480c73ba&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Donatelo 200 m"\n  - "Gjurma by Aldo Mehmeti 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 650 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 750 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.5 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mariia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Дуже гарний краєвид. Тиша, ДУЖЕ чисто. Маріо дуже привітний”"\n  - name: "Joseph"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“My stay here was very nice overall. Although it was on the rustic side, it was comfortable and clean and private, and an easy drive to get into town. The view of the sea was impeccable! Also, there were two very friendly and loving dogs on the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-view-apartments-vlore6.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate any stay. Guests are treated to a range of amenities including air-conditioned rooms, complimentary private parking, and seamless access to WiFi. The living spaces are meticulously arranged with a cozy seating area, a washing machine for convenience, and a fully equipped kitchenette featuring a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a hair dryer adds to the seamless experience.

What sets Sea View Apartments apart is the attention to detail in the outdoor spaces. Each unit boasts a terrace that opens up to an outdoor dining area, where guests can dine under the sky with a backdrop of mountain vistas, making for unforgettable moments.

For those looking to unwind, the property's garden offers a tranquil retreat, perfect for relaxation and soaking in the natural beauty of the surroundings.

Strategically positioned, Sea View Apartments is a mere 1.7 km away from the vibrant Ri Beach and just a bit further from Liro Beach, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 155 km away, ensuring easy access to this exquisite getaway.

Sea View Apartments stands as a premier choice for those in pursuit of a peaceful escape, coupled with the allure of the Albanian coastline.