---\ntitle: "SEA & SUN APARTMENT"\ndescription: "SEA & SUN APARTMENT emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479563645.jpg?k=0a56ce980fc7998e9d8efed1897b3ad8ff937a714d120b70053ec4eefe4c9ffb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-sun-apartment\naddress: "Rruga SAZANI VLORE, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45671649\n  lng: 19.47459005\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479563645.jpg?k=0a56ce980fc7998e9d8efed1897b3ad8ff937a714d120b70053ec4eefe4c9ffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502430058.jpg?k=1818c541796ad69cb1a06ed56e3a7eff26cc9b6e2cac039b17c4f53b6c59b371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476059909.jpg?k=1b5dec5a4cd6c03df7cc2a602e964f280013631434740b8a3fa524b0c7315b40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476400443.jpg?k=26174e4ad3d3bf1ccf771a65fa021a0277df7eadf79af3d7dd54af8ebe159cbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479564437.jpg?k=f4bb533f2e4a1689021acf1ed1cd2e36e0b163f4491df68a49cbeaa3dfab4584&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477982065.jpg?k=b8c920132281bebe8b30a22e0f9f6cedaa3d824bc035890ba1a0edcd6e774923&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502429820.jpg?k=cb25dd2618e304d3574c0d2f3975c7f430352c39b633176e1b664ac6e7dbdaba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502430435.jpg?k=eab9dc083b7b586815c966d4b9183833acb8f12a43735a34b48d49cb25a7c3e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527933943.jpg?k=9f201f2fe3b0c65d895d7f52459ee23af49c085e4af65ab2b53fbd2df0daadd0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (71 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 150 m"\n  - "Xhelaldo 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 200 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.9 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The hosts were amazing, very helpful and welcoming. The hosts were so helpful that they built a ramp for my wheelchair so I could access the building which was amazing. The location was good it is near the city center and the beach. The apartment...”"\n  - name: "Rawan"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“The host was helpful and answered quickly, the apartment was very clean and beautiful, the location is excellent ( market, bakery, coffee ) its all around you I recommend it”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything was great, the host was polite and helpful, he was answering my messages right away. The apartmant is new and clean, the kitchen is equipped enough for a few days stay. It has sea view and the beach is very close, as well as the city,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-amp-sun-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the sea. Designed to accommodate the needs of modern travelers, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to those who enjoy preparing their meals, while the bathroom is fitted with both a bath and a shower, providing options for rejuvenation after a day in the sun. Additionally, guests are treated to stunning mountain views, adding another layer of tranquility to their stay.

For convenience, SEA & SUN APARTMENT includes complimentary WiFi and private parking, making it an ideal choice for those traveling by car. The property prides itself on being non-smoking, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. 

Socializing is made easy with an on-site bar, perfect for unwinding in the evening or kickstarting a day of adventure. For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, the historic Kuzum Baba is just 3.5 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Located 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment is relatively accessible for international travelers, making it a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of beachfront bliss and cultural excursions in Vlorë.