---\ntitle: "Sea La Vie Apt - WiFi 500 mbs - Free parking"\ndescription: "Sea La Vie Apt emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408265516.jpg?k=b6dc9f0547a595f40c1382832e008e913419ad682daa23e34a0c623f515ac5a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-la-vie-apt-wifi-500-mbs-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia 3, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31433701\n  lng: 19.47302807\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408265516.jpg?k=b6dc9f0547a595f40c1382832e008e913419ad682daa23e34a0c623f515ac5a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406242575.jpg?k=4ff3d674769403c78370805ad973454bba8b3b086a23b2db3e42caba916bbf8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406243311.jpg?k=36ae5fc657ed49b23b13b5ba6f4198fdd3749f52b74832fe7a1b83c09b55e9f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406243215.jpg?k=6667d04b90ac51db1de2b9d12f3c5971d9ff25d70b7c2d1b9bfab8eeded009c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406243006.jpg?k=449f862feb53bb8bb4923c61ef87ddd42fa6a2f9519f6845a24eaade5c14e530&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406241256.jpg?k=9eab42af87f84e1dc1eec5e08f8ef79475e16b64e44db371fa3dfa221c77ae74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525777385.jpg?k=a388c7338bbe0e494dc08231fd969f418417b265cdced43fbdb1603552eabd1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406242967.jpg?k=23a6efd1c0d7b1ad4b1376ddcc241e553707283eeb60586788855bce3fd9230a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406243270.jpg?k=9c57f14357a841cd3edf1be41edeb29edb3140a383b905b534aa0880b84ae08f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Emros 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Napoli 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Forza"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is perfect! It's in a great location with a beautiful view of the sea from the two terraces. The apartment is very spacious and clean. It had all the amenities we needed for cooking and more. The location is fantastic - right next to...”"\n  - name: "Tilo"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Sehr gute Lage, wenige Meter vom Meer entfernt, mit Blick auf das Meer. Ruhig gelegen, aber dennoch nur wenige Meter von der Bushaltestelle entfernt. Von dort kann man einen der zahlreichen Busse zur Altstadt von Durres (ca. 5 Minuten Fahrzeit)...”"\n  - name: "Jennifer"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Alles war super. Perfekte Lage. Super Austausch und sehr netter Gastgeber. Dieses Apartment ist eine absolute Empfehlung. Alles super.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-la-vie-apt-wifi-100mb-s-free-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem is equipped with modern amenities, including air conditioning, to ensure a comfortable stay regardless of the season. Guests are treated to high-speed internet access with WiFi speeds up to 500 mbs, a rarity that adds a layer of convenience for both leisure and business travelers. Moreover, the inclusion of free private parking addresses the common concern of secure vehicle storage, making the journey to this destination worry-free.

The apartment itself is a showcase of thoughtful design and functionality. It features two bedrooms, making it an ideal choice for families or small groups. The living room is a cozy space equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting cable channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with an oven and a fridge, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. Additionally, the provision of a hairdryer, towels, and bed linen in the bathroom adds a touch of home comfort to the experience.

For those keen on exploring the local area, the Rock of Kavaje is just 7.8 km away, offering a unique natural attraction. The apartment is also conveniently located 37 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, providing an opportunity for a cultural excursion. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 31 km away, guests enjoy easy access to and from this charming abode.

In summary, Sea La Vie Apt is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the beauty and culture of Durrës with unparalleled ease and comfort.