---\ntitle: "Sea View Holiday Apartment in Durres Centre"\ndescription: "Sea View Holiday Apartment in Durres Centre emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, coupled with stunning views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464462270.jpg?k=e4c05b16758b5bfbef84acc2759956d884bfbdf5b8474033780e494c633c8dca&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-holiday-apartment-in-durres-centre\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31099375\n  lng: 19.43969415\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464462270.jpg?k=e4c05b16758b5bfbef84acc2759956d884bfbdf5b8474033780e494c633c8dca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496447026.jpg?k=5018e3508213e7758378d0ca53f878c89f1a6f2280f4bf2fc141f2beccd566d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496447000.jpg?k=366f249953480c913eb43624c6d7355a054bdbad10a82eb60d2d76b4a6e0039c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496447020.jpg?k=492098b28eb4f28beda85ceb1f5d0dd461038bc366fe67da6666deae4947afef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496447018.jpg?k=04173e5540d8644761e6b2713d38c6a426e8fec47088bb9154417238ffd792a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496446972.jpg?k=c641de5688eee6b3541dba0658a20805e3b939e3152acfcdf977ae6460316803&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464462180.jpg?k=641c96dc93bbdc7a6effff1c570955bb9d4cdc5887bb85fd5edd87bdb31e8d1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496447004.jpg?k=35b81e92fcb9aececc30617aa1c9755953fe4db614f0c101c0af7b90dedb4cd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464462034.jpg?k=243b941a50ee763ce64db3464c18210670234229c69cd1c12ae223011996782a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gelateria Cela 40 m"\n  - "Trattoria la Famiglia 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 50 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 450 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 850 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Bekimi 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grisi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the view is magnificent, the apartment has everything you need, above the beach and 5 minutes from the city center. quality ratio of the apartment and price everything ok 🥰”"\n  - name: "Rose64"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento posto all'ottavo piano, con ascensore. L'ingresso del palazzo e l'ascensore hanno l'apertura con chip elettronico . Dal balcone si gode la vista della passeggiata e del mare. Alle spalle del palazzo vi e' il Museo Archeologico in...”"\n  - name: "Cerma"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“sono rimasto molto contento per il soggiorno di cinque giorni in questo appartamento pulizia ottima personale molto educato è rispettoso camera da letto comodo con la finestra verso il mare in cucina c'era tutto piatti bicchieri C'era anche il...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beautiful-apartament-with-lovely-sea-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers unobstructed sea views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a cozy living room, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom complete with a bidet and shower. The tranquility of the area is underscored by the serene street views available from the property.

Convenience is at the forefront, with a minimarket located within the apartment premises, ensuring that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay. Families visiting with children will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, making it a child-friendly option. Moreover, the apartment complex features a picnic area, perfect for guests looking to enjoy a day outdoors in a picturesque setting.

For those interested in exploring beyond the immediate vicinity, Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within a manageable distance, offering a glimpse into the local culture and natural beauty. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 34 km away, making Sea View Holiday Apartment in Durres Centre an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.