---\ntitle: "SEA & LAKE VIEW VILLA"\ndescription: "SEA & LAKE VIEW VILLA emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of natural beauty and comfort less than a kilometer from the pristine Pasqyra Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467131648.jpg?k=521f4ff58cf315037ddeca55c0fe2b4135f44b931451ff51fd62e79e569f023e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-lake-view-villa\naddress: "Manastir, Ksamil, 9706 Kalive Gjoka, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8018623\n  lng: 20.00965397\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467131648.jpg?k=521f4ff58cf315037ddeca55c0fe2b4135f44b931451ff51fd62e79e569f023e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377809404.jpg?k=858f6db2f19bc594214352047155e72f1c11913e8eabc12c4e74e4df7a1ae25c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385268856.jpg?k=2d4f5c59f57541013251b024e859dc51bf6418296441c698c9524af65d8d12a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380703150.jpg?k=e10d0f1f863eb9b94e530b12fa8c15043041431d2fed3a6520b5b52b097c9e92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390409910.jpg?k=927badfeb2931efac961d944ef4aaa947fd4ea230439565dd6db543b0ad1acee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378927549.jpg?k=6b764b47fa994f91e726e2c61a506ea2abb0c5883ac3996a9b5504da73c6644c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377261894.jpg?k=ded138f1bfa877386b20bad53ab444a446b750bbb022a70491eea7711c457a3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390410179.jpg?k=56d335aed05eee13b815d44180b2df69508ede4225784050720a5f67864b8d90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472578624.jpg?k=4cd16673ae032d39f16f71380fea602f88b921334840e5f4e59db75b2279f466&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama Eni 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restraunt Pasqyra 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Pasqyra Beach 450 m"\n  - "Pulebardha Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 1 1.2 km"\n  - "Manastir Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunset Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 750 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 3.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 23 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“very neat, clean room. modern and quality furniture. the room has air conditioning. a very nice host, who always exuded sincerity and a smile. Delicious breakfast, excellent communication and view from the terrace. we did not expect our...”"\n  - name: "Teuta"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. The staff was helpful, the accomodations were beautiful and the breakfast was superb. It couldn't have been better. The owner was there to help 24/7 , VERY VERY SATISFIED ♥️ See you next summer”"\n  - name: "Jemima"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location was perfect, half way between Ksamil and Saranda and within walking distance to some beautiful beaches (including one that didn't play loud music)
The breakfast
The hospitatility and the kindness of the owners and the family :)
I...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-amp-lake-view-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at SEA & LAKE VIEW VILLA are designed with the utmost attention to guest comfort, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs with cable channels, refrigerators, kettles, and essential amenities such as bidets, hair dryers, and desks. Each unit boasts a private bathroom equipped with a bath and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home. The provision of free WiFi, along with bed linen and towels, adds to the convenience of guests during their stay.

Morning at the villa begins with a buffet breakfast that caters to a variety of tastes, offering warm dishes, local specialties, and fresh pastries. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests for dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails, providing a family-friendly atmosphere that complements the culinary experience with its diverse menu.

For those looking to explore the area, SEA & LAKE VIEW VILLA offers a bicycle rental service, making it easy to venture to nearby attractions such as the serene Pulebardha Beach, just 2 km away, or the historic Butrint National Park, located 8.1 km from the villa. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 98 km from the accommodation.

With its combination of stunning views, comfortable accommodations, and a range of amenities designed to cater to the needs of its guests, SEA & LAKE VIEW VILLA stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in a picturesque setting.