---\ntitle: "Sea View Apartment Durres"\ndescription: "Sea View Apartment Durres emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447596513.jpg?k=9bbab6c172d5fd9679a53d9d7e5729ec5fe342f0d02eed31f2cfc355403869e9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-apartment-durres\naddress: "Plazh 13 33 (5th floor), 8518 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28137688\n  lng: 19.51235294\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447596513.jpg?k=9bbab6c172d5fd9679a53d9d7e5729ec5fe342f0d02eed31f2cfc355403869e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451470395.jpg?k=6f6eb9bb1198c032b5eae1d3e9968781a578d136a445055b2dbeda2b18a8cb66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451470617.jpg?k=dbf4bee55eb6b4ab949b421a32ca32bc0145c8d20a9bf5e6f9ea23d83ab55ca3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454530410.jpg?k=e4be9e6deaf39d8a53ff7ccd11e49f7c31f144faf691b4954966eeee05a5877e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454530608.jpg?k=4e09a1e373e0ebddac8c70bf7f4703932686de988e64eaf2bbf6f7e8df012ea4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485503727.jpg?k=4c94d58f80c73ff2cee1a5416b740a854099e396987b0888c6f8661df77c36d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454533258.jpg?k=673472c53fa37fc9b183a5baaf7273279b4db0da6dce616df5541016b6c4fbf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451470401.jpg?k=50164404f1fb8fda412475222cf5039297bd3000cbb1581fa9bd4bc554eaa15e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485503312.jpg?k=36d18851659cdbdf25fcc178d1ae936c217ab2bb13b6d72dc1821b214778c662&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Gerti 20 m"\n  - "Sazani 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 20 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 550 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The interior was really classy. They had everything needed for a night in.”"\n  - name: "Dean"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“This is the most beautiful apartment I've ever been. Very nice and big and modern. The owner of the apartment is very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Adem"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Extremely friendly host, clean and spacious apartment, beautiful balcony, close to the beach, well equipped kitchen (although no corkscrew) and comfy bed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-sea-view-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a stunning sea view from its balcony but also ensures a hassle-free stay with amenities like free WiFi, private check-in and check-out, and around-the-clock security. The provision of luggage storage and currency exchange services adds an extra layer of convenience for international guests.

Designed with space and comfort in mind, the apartment features a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to cook their meals, and a bathroom that includes both a bath and a shower. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a fresh and healthy atmosphere throughout the stay.

For those who enjoy starting their day with a good cup of coffee or need to pick up some essentials, the property hosts a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site. Despite its tranquil coastal setting, Sea View Apartment Durres remains well-connected to the broader region. The historic Skanderbeg Square and the adventurous Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within manageable distances, at 42 km and 46 km respectively, while the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 36 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Sea View Apartment Durres presents itself as an ideal lodging option for those looking to explore the enchanting city of Durrës and its picturesque surroundings, offering both the comforts of home and the ease of access to local attractions.