---\ntitle: "Sea View Apartments - Merville"\ndescription: "Sea View Apartments - Merville emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene seaside escape in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82448460.jpg?k=f475c67349f6ddbb5645a6152f978df0f6c57203dd6c24a5ffd263fe61a8cf5c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sea-view-apartments-merville\naddress: "Shkembi i Kavajes, 2504 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28327045\n  lng: 19.51152136\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/82448460.jpg?k=f475c67349f6ddbb5645a6152f978df0f6c57203dd6c24a5ffd263fe61a8cf5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369198061.jpg?k=edeb61c5dd89eebd7ca12cfc4e1760e2302b68f7ef04122a4af20e178a4ad787&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369197545.jpg?k=708437bf5240922318f253099264032a217d957a1b6c216fbec3528ad1bb8c1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369203728.jpg?k=5db462bde4dd4949e45e6d0194fd0b48456b7e30ea4b2c1a9b322b4b20cabea9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369203755.jpg?k=418666655c9db1b871d1ed8290db8f42c26ab90bb5903409d50dff5c5c6b03b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369197167.jpg?k=5eefc84a6bf2ed6637ec34ba9176536d0cf275a6baf10f12bf204f0ffcf523ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369198097.jpg?k=da3336f128f5d5d580648e3929a6f5a76f3057df44ad06f33965caf9e9831ae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369198085.jpg?k=8a91514423dd0d7bb81d0b9d93abab5246d1588c258cf27c7d5f2b1a9d4fe5da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369197530.jpg?k=86993b2ace37142e09c92125407e7a7c5340ae3bc3003d6996067300c131fc95&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant ANXHELSON 50 m"\n  - "Kosova 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 40 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Burim"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The view and the apartment was very nice 👌...we will come back again in the same place 😀”"\n  - name: "Paul"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location, with a balcony facing directly onto the beach. Breakfast and late evening on the balcony offered a relaxing way to start and finish the day. The apartment is well equipped and clean. The decor is modern and the location is right...”"\n  - name: "György"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Best apartment ever on the planet, this was the 3rd time to spend some time here, but we cant get used to this view from the balcony! Host is very kind, and always available on phone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/merville-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Sea View Apartments - Merville are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each apartment boasts a private balcony from which guests can soak in the stunning sea views, creating an idyllic backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening wind-down. The living spaces are thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. For entertainment and relaxation, a flat-screen TV is provided in the seating area, perfect for those moments when guests wish to unwind indoors.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, fridge, stovetop, and an array of kitchenware, alongside a handy kettle. This feature allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like, making the apartments an ideal choice for families and longer stays. The convenience of having bed linen and towels provided in each unit adds to the hassle-free experience.

The private bathrooms are modern and functional, featuring walk-in showers and hair dryers, ensuring guests can refresh and rejuvenate after a day exploring the beaches or the nearby attractions. With complimentary WiFi and private parking on site, Sea View Apartments - Merville caters to the needs of the modern traveler, offering both connectivity and security.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the historic Skanderbeg Square is located 41 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich cultural tapestry of the area. Adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 45 km from the property, an exciting day out with breathtaking views. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 36 km away, making Sea View Apartments - Merville an accessible retreat for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Sea View Apartments - Merville stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Durrës, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and stunning seaside views.