---\ntitle: "Searenity Apartment"\ndescription: "Searenity Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400143387.jpg?k=774e5eac4511afc0a8d9895965fe993453e81352bc71578fb7a10f71f1d1fe3c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: searenity-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Lule Bore 4th Floor, Apartment 20, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30657664\n  lng: 19.49004785\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400143387.jpg?k=774e5eac4511afc0a8d9895965fe993453e81352bc71578fb7a10f71f1d1fe3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510518038.jpg?k=d7eee1b823457b07612d45cc89f9b67167dd4a18f284780e9bc65f8df5943d4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403517057.jpg?k=35f8920edd2af25e57d3488fcb79cbc3db2a5ab70c90589480c6d62bf53bc8df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477511394.jpg?k=a29409d53b7d2070578a9e71934ac519b759eaa0bdf275ee7b8a2df301eb474d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489793651.jpg?k=97a7a4902bf2c6e195f63550deeb551a74b8deda03de17bee4bb93b88113ffb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400143417.jpg?k=92ff4aed916b1a42331e5dc917513417ed988e852bf398c75c155beb9d7be176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400151081.jpg?k=e6785a620cec0a9b9a71e14cce9ad0a3fa00ae098737a8f050ad230b32fab0bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400199066.jpg?k=e691d045cc99a6dfe0f9f1bba37dc9d7de35a377fa7cccb38728687b7b79ee08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477511663.jpg?k=3dc81ce2ccf855045e4da8ec10bfad1610a439123cfd6333625ac97809ac1dd5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ferra 50 m"\n  - "Keols 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Julien"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The host is helpful and gave many hints. The appartment is big and has all the neccessities. Would definitely come back”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The hosts are very friendly and helpful. The location is great. Within 1 minute walk you can reach the beach, supermarkets, restaurants and more. The city center is also very close via public transport (bus) or car. The apartment is super comfy...”"\n  - name: "Jeanne"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The apartment is very well located, just a few steps from the sea, with nice restaurants and coffee places in walking distance. It is well suited for a family holiday. Beds are comfortable. Having visited the Durres beach several times, its a very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/searenity-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers serene inner courtyard views. It is well-appointed with a bedroom, a living room that invites relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a kitchen equipped with an oven and a fridge for those who prefer to prepare their meals. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, ensures guests feel at home.

For dining, the on-site restaurant presents a family-friendly atmosphere and serves a variety of meals including dinner, lunch, and brunch, not to mention cocktails for those looking to unwind. The convenience of free WiFi and air conditioning throughout the apartment adds to the comfort of the stay.

Located a brief drive from the Rock of Kavaje and within proximity to the Durres Amphitheatre, Searenity Apartment offers an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The property is also a non-smoking establishment, catering to the comfort of all guests.

For those interested in exploring further afield, the apartment is positioned 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the former Residence of Enver Hoxha, offering a glimpse into the region's history and natural beauty. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently 33 km away, making Searenity Apartment a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Durrës.