---\ntitle: "Seaside Sun and Fun"\ndescription: "Seaside Sun and Fun stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Velipojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498477529.jpg?k=277d8b76d940c049620a5c6b64e1a3facb186a426e24cf2e86533fb23df011e4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaside-sun-and-fun\naddress: "Rruga Nr.2, 4020 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.86344454\n  lng: 19.40874887\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498477529.jpg?k=277d8b76d940c049620a5c6b64e1a3facb186a426e24cf2e86533fb23df011e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473374.jpg?k=8b256c99f6448f8ff0891934a2af9efff1b8b949dbff30e68d49470cc76c7628&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473438.jpg?k=45eb2e560b01456c39ae80cbf384595afd8f122b4a168ae8bdc50c6f1790f2fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473360.jpg?k=74bafd0c14d09d0ddc4c3ee9e939e2306f758b9dfc02cfff287644c271e9fabf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473389.jpg?k=ab7142a0b354d538626aaa8db1fc2b5e63e459c5ba48d845c7bf0ea7563cb896&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473305.jpg?k=3e177dfbcea6a037b4e86aec5dbadec8dc7efd1893d51547a8287667d4ffa301&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473346.jpg?k=0bbf865042fba0d0c8c3b1b9ad2770614964f98bb48795b21b1ef4940c1e77e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473429.jpg?k=b86561ccc3e8c12ea74f70b1aff6684d1efd88fbc7ce5b7e6245005efa5e897f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498473412.jpg?k=4d3e9cc9e0dbc6d6d0448ada0b939b7310005c99c3a5dfc62bdfcd4f0a5ebd4b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 18 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Familja 150 m"\n  - "Shoket Restorant 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 100 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 9 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 10 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 11 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 12 km"\n  - "Tropicana 12 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 13 km"\n  - "Saranda 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 14 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 55 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rubin"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very cozy, clean and spacious apartment. The apartment was completely furnished including fridge, stove top, plates etc - everything you might need for a short or even a longer stay. The sheets were clean, confortable bed, we had natural light and...”"\n  - name: "Brigitta"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartament was really close to the sea, it is the last street. It was very clean, the layout is very comfortable. Rovena was a perfect host, she took extra care with us, and also recommended restaurants. It was the best apartement for us in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-sun-and-fun-velipoje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a spacious apartment equipped with modern amenities to ensure a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. Guests will find themselves in a haven featuring a bedroom with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and the convenience of a washing machine. The bathroom comes with a bidet, and for those in need, towels and linens are available upon request. The highlight, perhaps, is the outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals with a view.

Adding to the convenience, a minimarket on the premises means essentials are never far away. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 82 km away, making Seaside Sun and Fun an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

With its commitment to non-smoking, air-conditioned comfort, free private parking, and complimentary WiFi, this property doesn't just promise a stay by the sea; it offers a gateway to the tranquility and beauty of Velipojë, wrapped in the luxury of modern amenities.