---\ntitle: "Seas Villa"\ndescription: "Seas Villa emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478791732.jpg?k=edde15d6d4758d70f7d85219a0d150bb255706159117a04061cd885fcb3d7330&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seas-villa\naddress: "Rruga cameria Rruga cameria, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.764691\n  lng: 19.999881\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478791732.jpg?k=edde15d6d4758d70f7d85219a0d150bb255706159117a04061cd885fcb3d7330&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471891073.jpg?k=be3a73ace03a550b85b70f96d24dd5b63eeb8a991a280e4e39f74607afb8b779&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472489120.jpg?k=42719f9102b30d3f5357339986821597b13b8c617d3bcafd9bbd8896aeb535f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466418174.jpg?k=cdf61381b60d24bff8d774882b4901aed8f9d19d0e8d3358423966e5c0896e98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353320143.jpg?k=6edbe12f47c722a85e4dfca714db51b59fdbbe3011ca75709647b0ab1b3e362d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374230345.jpg?k=9f295508f54705a35c670f4b50491082a5c4dd0181c1f8a62ce9199752f09511&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (57 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Duplex Suite"\n  - "Duplex Suite"\n  - "Duplex Suite"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miri Pizzeri 150 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sunny"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Good location. Spacious apartment, good AC and a nice bathroom”"\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Excellent location close to town and beach but not noisy. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Spotlessly clean. Decent sized apartment with balcony. Good standard of finish in bathroom and kitchen, looks brand new.”"\n  - name: "Narcis"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The owners are very nice people, always ready to help you.
The location is very good, near enough to the beaches and taverns but far enough not to be too noisy.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-seanxh.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a collection of well-appointed units, each designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Guests are treated to air-conditioned spaces that feature a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen and dining area for those preferring home-cooked meals. The private bathrooms come with a hair dryer, a bidet, and a shower, ensuring a comfortable stay. Adding to the charm, each unit opens up to a balcony that presents an outdoor dining area against the backdrop of serene garden views, inviting guests to unwind in nature's lap.

Beyond the confines of these inviting units, Seas Villa doesn't shy away from offering amenities that enhance the stay experience. A sun terrace beckons for moments of relaxation under the sky, while the convenience of complimentary WiFi and private parking addresses the practical needs of every guest. For those who enjoy the art of grilling, the on-site barbecue facilities promise delightful culinary adventures.

Situated a mere 2.9 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 92 km from Corfu International Airport, Seas Villa stands as a gateway to exploring the natural and historical treasures of the region. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the call of ancient ruins, this apartment complex serves as a perfect base for adventurers and leisure seekers alike.