---\ntitle: "Seaside Apartments"\ndescription: "Seaside Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its stunning sea views and proximity to Liro Beach, merely 300 meters away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476763590.jpg?k=37a4c2282da8bfe4ce72ab374d01d1f5bf800dbc04de466b33e5cf45ca3e5fa2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaside-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Aleksandër Moisiu, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41449997\n  lng: 19.4839416\nprice: "US$172"\npriceFrom: 172\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476763590.jpg?k=37a4c2282da8bfe4ce72ab374d01d1f5bf800dbc04de466b33e5cf45ca3e5fa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476763533.jpg?k=4f5dac5a788c7c8e0dbafefa833e5effe07090740e8bea6a557586cf18f06f4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476763522.jpg?k=4c05175ca321600a3224d23c14e481f6aaae14440aaa2f730a6e1a7660dbe9cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476763514.jpg?k=d86ba617643f58fed74111f038418e436009341c37635affd75ad3bf962a771c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480015118.jpg?k=605349a29494f99e6e34483ea053b802818a5836f72deef871fc396a5314a8cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480015124.jpg?k=b7b99f975a64abd475afe69dd69b309362d3a9629e9a878c440f5682e4a6d067&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mandarine 50 m"\n  - "Taverna Djepi 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 250 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 350 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artjola"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Best place to stay in Vlora, in a very peaceful location and perfect view. The apartment was elegantly appointed with modern furnishings and stylish decor. The owners are very nice people with a gentle character of hospitality. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Endrit"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The Host was very friendly and the apartament was so cozy. Such a good atmosphere !”"\n  - name: "Switlana"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Локація помешкання зручна для любителів моря та пляжів. Поряд є магазини та кафе. Нове і чисте помешкання, з дуже красивим видом та терасою”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-apartments-vlore4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments are a haven of comfort, each equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. Privacy and convenience are guaranteed with a private bathroom in every unit, complete with a bidet and plush bathrobes. Free WiFi is available throughout, with select rooms boasting the added luxury of a terrace. Attention to detail is evident, with each unit thoughtfully appointed with crisp bed linen and soft towels, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is conveniently available on-site. The allure of Coco Bongo Beach lies just 1.7 kilometers away, offering a vibrant beach experience, while the historic Kuzum Baba is within a 7-kilometer reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest gateway, located 156 kilometers from Seaside Apartments, making it a manageable distance for both international and domestic travelers.

Seaside Apartments stands out as a distinguished choice for those in pursuit of a memorable stay, combining the essence of coastal living with the comforts of home.