---\ntitle: "Seaside Hotel"\ndescription: "Seaside Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477385256.jpg?k=0a6a772d4b3ed9c7672c56c7ab9a9bd4241dc6baa20b047e1911f4da59ce3bb2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaside-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Murat Tërbaçi, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44138391\n  lng: 19.49682233\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477385256.jpg?k=0a6a772d4b3ed9c7672c56c7ab9a9bd4241dc6baa20b047e1911f4da59ce3bb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477384147.jpg?k=30767d89b3575193d499fbd764b1bc38c12b256c91b4bc21f6da65a0df3edf01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472148604.jpg?k=f46e7c37c6dcfb17d777f4e15b1d90411bb04d9bc69b8d45e357dc0a992aa7af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477384327.jpg?k=4c70b30a92defd0ecd39d022b4d72c54ac30f99c7feabcb671cae4911513e134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477384242.jpg?k=e7d0d7375d1dac797a099bcf22f2f668b0d7e49fc38c3ce5c8de1da216d1c4fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472148639.jpg?k=098f8c3084db50e1a0dc64930910463d31919208dc284fc3ab385a5c19b27194&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna del Mare 40 m"\n  - "Bar \Season Gastro\\"\" 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 650 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.5 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 600 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.9 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice, modern and new hotel. Great location next tu “lungo mare”. Kind and helpful owners. Possible to pay by card. Small privat parking for few cars.”"\n  - name: "Anatoliy"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“We enjoyed a very lovely stay! The owner are super friendly and do everything to make you feel like home. Breakfast is great and the view from the balcony, too! Facilities are 1 year old an everything looks new, clean and nice. Thank you for the...”"\n  - name: "Sandra"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“What a beautiful modern hotel! Brand new and run by the most amazing people. We had a great time staying there, enjoyed how the rooms are decorated. The bathroom is also very clean and spacious. Breakfast is freash and tasty, and everyday there...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-vlore2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Seaside Hotel are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather. The convenience of in-room amenities such as a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box adds to the appeal, while the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and private balcony allows guests to unwind in their personal haven. The private bathrooms, equipped with showers, ensure privacy and comfort, complemented by the practicality of a wardrobe in every room.

The culinary experience at Seaside Hotel is not to be missed, with options ranging from a hearty buffet to a refined continental breakfast, catering to diverse palates and preferences.

The hotel prides itself on its multilingual staff, proficient in Greek, English, Italian, and Albanian, ensuring that communication is seamless and every need is met with understanding and efficiency.

For those looking to explore, the hotel's proximity to Ri Beach and Vjetër Beach offers an easy gateway to the natural beauty of the area, while the distance from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes it a convenient choice for international travelers.

Seaside Hotel stands out not only for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but also for its commitment to providing a memorable and comfortable stay for every guest.