---\ntitle: "Seaside Duplex Stone Villa"\ndescription: "Seaside Duplex Stone Villa emerges as a charming retreat in Qeparo, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and serenity, just 24 km away from the vibrant Sarandë and a scenic drive from Corfu Town, 49 km away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99076367.jpg?k=d64a9a09814ffac03704d3107f2734983176679764b1481a48c878201b9c0a7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaside-duplex-stone-villa\naddress: "Lagja Protopapa,, 9416 Qeparo, Albania"\ncity: "Qeparo"\nlocation: "Qeparo"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.05169606\n  lng: 19.83378768\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99076367.jpg?k=d64a9a09814ffac03704d3107f2734983176679764b1481a48c878201b9c0a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012361.jpg?k=2b2e06ae8b5a0a346477e99703e252c597f0b604d8be6998200e3edc5d537c22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012349.jpg?k=b16cf69c7888799ba7b9c5e0b6ba2e797884b89b19335cedf114833be452be06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012362.jpg?k=c430d117dea611c618a6ba5006a36ec79a018ee59f8d227787b1a106c6f0aec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012381.jpg?k=e3c76c41d2ed02df6ec3f4128c86102f225dae8e86850d248d7b7cdad1da7a5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/55752186.jpg?k=75bfce0654c7231b773085e65d307d140e5e977928c4b14367fd67f97ce83ecf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012394.jpg?k=73dd895270dd37d04e964f695e0129de609c131dcd5de0945ad4abbe29dc2206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300012360.jpg?k=5e7c8bed5cee9793f2252d8254018437eec45264c7dfce43c7c89713ddbd9ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300138105.jpg?k=b2a2f071fe9163a26c7e5e666e3cb02353eda4852ec8fe59395b809731320d35&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Odhisea 100 m"\n  - "Sundeck Bar-Coffee 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qeparo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Borsh Beach 200 m"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 2.6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 49 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 92 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucinda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location with steps to sea where can swim to Queparo and Borsh beaches. Lovely verandas and sun terrace with sunbeds by the water. Queparo has nice beach and restaurants, also 2x minimarkets in walking distance along footpaths. Villa is...”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Ogromna willa z pięknym widokiem, idealna na wakacje dla grupy przyjaciół lub rodzin z większymi dziećmi. Bezpośrednio z domu można zejść schodami od razu do morza. Piękny widok na Korfu z obu tarasów. Bardzo wygodne łóżka! Na górnym tarasie...”"\n  - name: "Przybylak"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Huge, beautiful house with the gorgeous view. The perfect place for holiday with family or group of friends. The host has responded to all our doubts or questions kindly and quickly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-duplex-stone-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis villa is thoughtfully designed to accommodate families or groups, featuring two bedrooms equipped with cozy double beds and a third bedroom tailored for friends or younger guests, with three single beds. The kitchen is well-appointed with an oven and a refrigerator, catering to guests' culinary needs, while the inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home. The presence of two private bathrooms, each with a shower and bidet, underscores the villa's commitment to comfort and convenience.

One of the highlights of staying at Seaside Duplex Stone Villa is the complimentary access to on-site barbecue facilities, perfect for evenings of culinary exploration under the stars. 

Positioned 43 km from the lush landscapes of Paleokastritsa, the villa boasts captivating sea views, promising a backdrop of natural beauty for your stay. Although private parking is a brief walk away, at 300 metres, this slight distance is a small trade-off for the tranquility and scenic setting offered.

Seaside Duplex Stone Villa is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a blend of relaxation, privacy, and scenic beauty, making it an ideal choice for those seeking a serene getaway by the sea.