---\ntitle: "Seaside Rooms & Apartments Sarande"\ndescription: "Seaside Rooms & Apartments Sarande emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443962884.jpg?k=2606572db2949380bbed7852e285f320d6da6dcbc225fb1ffee1fe567dcb238f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaside-rooms-apartments-sarande\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Rruga Bilal Golemi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86525258\n  lng: 20.01651766\nprice: "US$183"\npriceFrom: 183\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 32\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443962884.jpg?k=2606572db2949380bbed7852e285f320d6da6dcbc225fb1ffee1fe567dcb238f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444915653.jpg?k=c66d9e83e82297f13106a47f36fe3257037eb65ec558cd14a2edd394e92f9d4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444915662.jpg?k=b6c3ea09eb2a285fc96971b11669081e52ee969f074d5b0a7dce024c6138ccb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443963238.jpg?k=ec39f04e989cbd5744be061d341691754905b07a69a9f4e7d02c2c3409ec1789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443963161.jpg?k=f0c0689f90a3a5b3c3de88a569e77a6ba2e2da394214b1a1e572aafdd1213301&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443963152.jpg?k=00a4bf028d1879847c515dc1a4fc91f9e0becf5c0258f7710a19b3e334bd17cb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cimi Gjakova, Pizzeria Grill 30 m"\n  - "Royal Pizza Sarande 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 100 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1,000 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roald"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice apartment for all your needs, clean, modern and very beautiful location. The host was superb! Always helping with everything we needed, responded within 5 minutes. Definitely the best place in Saranda!”"\n  - name: "Trent"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is great! Nice little balcony area and very conveniently located for the bus to Butrint/Ksamil. Mario even gave me a lift to the gym in Sarande. Thanks very much!”"\n  - name: "Ayelen"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Sea-facing view with balcony, well equipped and clean, there is everything you could possibly need and if you don't find something ask and it will be given to you! Wonderful staff, polite, helpful and welcoming. Quality price above expectations...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaside-rooms-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering a seamless stay experience, featuring a lush garden setting where tranquility reigns supreme, complemented by the modern convenience of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those arriving by car, the added perk of free private parking lifts the burden of finding a secure spot for their vehicle.

Guest accommodations at Seaside Rooms & Apartments Sarande are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean climate. A desk and a terrace with captivating city views provide a perfect blend of functionality and leisure. The private bathrooms, coupled with the provision of fresh bed linen and towels, underscore the property's commitment to cleanliness and comfort. Additionally, the inclusion of a fridge in every room adds an element of convenience, allowing guests to keep beverages and snacks chilled.

The property's commitment to service is evident through its 24-hour front desk and room service, ensuring guests' needs are promptly attended to at any hour. For those looking to explore beyond the beach, VIP Beach is within easy reach, located just 1.2 km away, while the historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is a mere 15 km from the hotel. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 96 km away, making Seaside Rooms & Apartments Sarande an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Seaside Rooms & Apartments Sarande stands as a testament to the blend of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and attentive service, making it a highly recommended stay for those visiting Sarandë.