---\ntitle: "SeaSideGolem Apartments"\ndescription: "SeaSideGolem Apartments emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Golem, offering a tranquil garden setting just a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972675.jpg?k=22e88f1d92da8c4bc55e9e7bc850f27844eb52f3c3e4a015237a63576a5f0e8b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seasidegolem-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Fan Noli, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25970797\n  lng: 19.52463291\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972675.jpg?k=22e88f1d92da8c4bc55e9e7bc850f27844eb52f3c3e4a015237a63576a5f0e8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972780.jpg?k=b72178330de811864b4b7adc6e55a9f3c3667a04329d379ce85a786694ee0365&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972778.jpg?k=652549ff9ba285965cbcdc775f0106673d7341981e2becd8926d7c564fbd70d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972781.jpg?k=b0cc4cf16da6e4b5406536a9c5767c2f18b9470bd30a0405fc63dd28b84b1b05&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487403992.jpg?k=476dde66d9deea3d6adc020fcc6d14accb0d7751ae217abd62b0dcc1e4e21a97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487403994.jpg?k=e035590f81281eee2627f693e885740dc1f93ce2e033e95659b3549c3ee03f34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972777.jpg?k=6928b9226a3ea13f6b21404edb96c59d38a43c77dd3af936567a8f7919dafa61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487403986.jpg?k=9559c9a37dfdb49d34f40f05b928bfb9f677a4182c5119a27d209beb552fd4b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472972774.jpg?k=b5549169a276591f3dc292a50dd158c823cb57791e5fc8f2ae08f77d9b618234&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 100 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 800 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tunahan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Konumu çok iyi temizlik konusunda çok başarılılar. Ev sahibi ve yakınlarıda çok anlayışlı lardı.”"\n  - name: "Milica"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Sve je bilo odlično. Vlasnik jako ljubazan i gostoprimiv..apartman je funkcionalan, čist..ima sve što je potrebno .
Plaža je blizu..”"\n  - name: "Admir"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Ότι ήταν ωραίο ο χώρος ήταν μεγάλων είχε κ κουζίνα όπως ήθελα κ Ιτερνετ”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seasidegolem-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nWith both complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, guests are afforded the utmost in comfort and accessibility. The smoke-free property boasts a location that is a mere 500 meters from the inviting sands of Golem Beach, making it an ideal choice for beach lovers.

Accommodation at SeaSideGolem Apartments includes a holiday home that features a separate bedroom, a bathroom, and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and oven. The living room is equipped with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have all the comforts of home at their fingertips. Perhaps the most enchanting feature is the outdoor dining area, where guests can savor their meals against the backdrop of the property's lush garden views.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers breathtaking views and is located just 48 km away. Additionally, the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 5.7 km from the apartments, providing an easy excursion for those intrigued by natural wonders. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 38 km away, making SeaSideGolem Apartments an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, SeaSideGolem Apartments stands out as a delightful haven for those seeking a peaceful beach getaway combined with the comfort and convenience of a fully equipped holiday home.