---\ntitle: "SeaView Apartments Rental Vlore"\ndescription: "SeaView Apartments Rental Vlore emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on their visit to Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474409754.jpg?k=78fb9f7af1cd27accaa6475c148c33b6a10fe986760d01b6e9fbfc8a0b1e0825&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaview-apartments-rental-vlore\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45620647\n  lng: 19.47208104\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474409754.jpg?k=78fb9f7af1cd27accaa6475c148c33b6a10fe986760d01b6e9fbfc8a0b1e0825&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465685883.jpg?k=627f1045afab21419751c79929ec55df668d6af0fad4c5c5378a26ddb0dd9211&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474458255.jpg?k=155d65362b6c90fd7b5d4b90e586d68343362cf965087d72fc98f0d112ea9e91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474458264.jpg?k=74a9a224f1d66e4184db99ed258fa630564a970bdac5bbb93e437380c70058a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522660373.jpg?k=2a221999b339f3e9c3b0bf7568e0648325ef8567c789ec873b97cbd8bacb7e71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464217944.jpg?k=aa12ce7fd1ea31af5abefd4b62342cf5e4ea5c55cc0aae556c2d31c589b7e75d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (57 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 30 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "William"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was immaculate, very clean and had all the amenities we needed. Travelling with just a backpack each we needed to wash clothes. Quite easy to find, parking is plentiful, if not defined. The kitchen was great, plenty of space in the...”"\n  - name: "Agne"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely location, sea view from the balcony was beautiful , property had an amazing restaurant on the ground floor with delicious foods and great chefs. Flat had all facilities that were needed.”"\n  - name: "Iga"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Pan który przywiózł nam klucze podwiózł nas pod bankomat, żeby wypłacić gotówkę na opłatę noclegu. Bardzo pomocny. Zapewnił wszystkie info np. Miejsca gdzie warto pójść i miejsce przystanku autobusowego.
Niesamowity widok z balkonu a w tym samym...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sleep-amp-go-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property is distinguished by its family-friendly atmosphere, complete with spacious family rooms and a delightful children's playground, making it an ideal spot for guests of all ages. Each apartment at SeaView Apartments Rental Vlore is thoughtfully designed to maximize guest comfort, featuring a private balcony with stunning sea views, a cozy seating area, and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hairdryer adds an extra layer of convenience. Additionally, every unit offers a patio with an outdoor dining area and picturesque river views, alongside essential amenities such as bed linen and towels.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the on-site restaurant, which serves a delectable array of Italian cuisine for lunch and dinner, catering to the tastes of families and discerning diners alike. For those looking to explore the surrounding area, SeaView Apartments Rental Vlore provides a car rental service, making local attractions such as Independence Square and Kuzum Baba easily accessible, located 3.2 km and 3.7 km away, respectively.

For international travelers, the property's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 151 km away, is complemented by the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience.

In summary, SeaView Apartments Rental Vlore stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering guests a harmonious blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it a must-visit destination for those exploring the enchanting city of Vlorë.