---\ntitle: "SeaView Golden Penthouse"\ndescription: "SeaView Golden Penthouse emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004109.jpg?k=15337b4e30f10d4add6b697fac9115f4c35c58ea9a126b520f2f8d804f011635&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seaview-golden-penthouse\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87059253\n  lng: 20.01543298\nprice: "US$124"\npriceFrom: 124\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004109.jpg?k=15337b4e30f10d4add6b697fac9115f4c35c58ea9a126b520f2f8d804f011635&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004197.jpg?k=158856fcd74faeea6fdc424d230a5159da08809edb1f7d5d46e998a0f70263c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004060.jpg?k=75b8b78844ea7c5a56f8a4cfc0f0eed187561a70ac787d0357ce1cb1844a9e51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004133.jpg?k=eb28b8b3607b6142206ee48de10af262d4bdafbde018b0eaa17087bdc524cb43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004263.jpg?k=f6cdd8af2272c3bf1b1bbd4e987feb7e097d6e0e31fe3b406faa846a3e45389f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525728458.jpg?k=b02d5719fdd5425b879f9459e49db2ec679e8ee689e48009e30023b370b8c125&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004082.jpg?k=efea32e23c9233a8c803a646089037163714d9d1d185d40109aea04844766877&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518439422.jpg?k=25cbdd1e4eae63a8eb9ee31fcd9f6684721f5b7e5438e40b48f749d96d7c64a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500004145.jpg?k=80680e220c6465ab6996b362d146232e83f4a5edbe9fdf73e43fa003e45f88b8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (40 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet Liberty 100 m"\n  - "Ine's grill and beer 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 250 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Domenic"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Perfect view , perfect location, friendly host . I definitely recommend this apartment.”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Lokalizacja blisko centrum, przepiękny widok z ogromnego tarasu. W drugiej linii więc nie było hałasu od głównej ulicy. Przeszklony salon z pięknym widokiem. Apartament bardzo duży, duża kuchnia, 2 łazienki. Byliśmy 8 osobowa grupą. Gospodarz...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seaview-golden-penthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe penthouse itself is a spacious haven, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, and an array of amenities designed to make guests feel at home. From the comfort of air conditioning to the convenience of free private parking and WiFi, every detail has been thoughtfully considered. The inclusion of a hot tub and an elevator adds a touch of luxury, ensuring a stay that is as relaxing as it is comfortable.

Inside, the apartment is equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, a dining area perfect for gatherings, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook. The terrace, complete with sea views, offers an outdoor dining area that becomes a picturesque spot for meals, while a cozy fireplace provides warmth and ambiance on cooler evenings. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity and privacy.

For those needing essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises adds an extra layer of convenience. The location is also ideal for exploring, with Maestral Beach just 500 meters away and the historic Butrint National Park within a 15 km drive. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 96 km from the penthouse.

SeaView Golden Penthouse stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a perfect blend of location, luxury, and comfort for those visiting Sarandë.