---\ntitle: "Second Room of Panoramic Perch - Hilltop Room with Kitchenette and Patio"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Second Room of Panoramic Perch, a captivating hilltop retreat boasting breathtaking garden and mountain views, located just a stone's throw away from the serene Radhimë Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253931.jpg?k=f92903a94c6b99599f235883179758d40f0c0b6d40dd4d1f0719e71735e38430&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: second-room-of-panoramic-perch-hilltop-room-with-kitchenette-and-patio\naddress: "Rruga Numan Bilani Radhimë, 9400, Albania, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.36607614\n  lng: 19.48230601\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253931.jpg?k=f92903a94c6b99599f235883179758d40f0c0b6d40dd4d1f0719e71735e38430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253950.jpg?k=713c7892a1fb430fa774be92f6569ce5f62214e11054ef4d6bb4b6adc4bafccb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253932.jpg?k=912a865d047f809da34632bd3e14bac926d55356d6bd04ff165a357a98d842b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253939.jpg?k=0010485c82b4947f68e2af7c6f161daa0def2a74591d7f88ea4e0aea653ed696&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253945.jpg?k=3def8ff11e80f9ca241f79407448cbd4379123d3c77afb7162652b2c1c0565f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468253941.jpg?k=85abbd6005aedccfa782c966fdf8604cf14f39b4c24e71c3cfa13d4968a72cc6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Veliera 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Erigent 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Radhimë Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kevi Beach 950 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2 km"\n  - "Pitushi's Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 11 km"\n  - "Independence Square 12 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 91 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cindy"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was great, everything was clean and well maintained. The view is amazing.”"\n  - name: "Ervis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice view. They're friendly and welcoming. Service is good.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“-the views are unbeatable.
-very quiet area without noise.
—in general, it is very well equipped with the essentials.
-magnificent terrace to have a drink or eat.
-very nice and attentive host. Better to ask for whatsapp to contact him.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/second-room-of-panoramic-perch-hilltop-room-with-kitchenette-and-patio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe Second Room of Panoramic Perch offers guests the unique opportunity to enjoy the convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette, air-conditioning, and the luxury of a private patio, all while being enveloped in the natural beauty of Vlorë. The property doesn't just promise a stay; it offers an experience, complete with a terrace that presents awe-inspiring sea views, making every moment unforgettable.

For those who appreciate the finer details, the holiday home is meticulously prepared with fresh towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and carefree stay. The inclusion of an outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals amidst the captivating backdrop of the surrounding landscape.

Adventure seekers and beach lovers will find Kevi Beach only 1.8 km away, while the historic Kuzum Baba awaits exploration at a distance of 13 km. For a taste of local culture, Independence Square is located 14 km from the property, offering a glimpse into the rich heritage of the area.

Situated 162 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Second Room of Panoramic Perch provides not just a place to stay, but a sanctuary where memories are made, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Vlorë.