---\ntitle: "Seferi's Apartament"\ndescription: "Seferi's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454389962.jpg?k=816d44a11763770cc5296aebe115cc1f3b6774fbd6f45408fdf981280e015689&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seferi-s-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo 40, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87405\n  lng: 20.0123712\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454389962.jpg?k=816d44a11763770cc5296aebe115cc1f3b6774fbd6f45408fdf981280e015689&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454390104.jpg?k=fceace33c42a4505eb6cf609cb6817b989360923654800f09c4746c2e9fc6e96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454390011.jpg?k=61b13b9989e5540f4116141ae1caaebabffa6299fe025f844b65178b4796c225&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454390132.jpg?k=95d306ece61e122f126ea76414d7016c6431672f396b4b54b3f17ae4f28cc544&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454390022.jpg?k=31bdf7b2e13f79a200c27258fd75a4b61373fad1fe93ebb72693243569f56101&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454390097.jpg?k=8d009658358e4b4ec4ab75b7ba3b511019d52f3f2099b41c54f45197a0417487&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Haxhi 50 m"\n  - "Cocktail bar 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 100 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 650 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lorena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Comfortable and cosy place. It had all the necessary conditions. The view from the balcony was amazing. The host was very welcoming”"\n  - name: "Salvogliotravel"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The amazing terrace, comfortable and cozy rooms”"\n  - name: "Giuseppe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Cleanliness of the rooms. Great location and private car parking. The owner is a very kind and helpful person.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/seferis-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless arrival experience. Inside, each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning to beat the summer heat, alongside complimentary private parking and WiFi, catering to the needs of the modern traveler.

The attention to detail in each unit is evident. Guests can enjoy breathtaking sea views from a private terrace, a rarity in urban accommodations. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a dining area for intimate meals, a well-appointed kitchenette for those who prefer to cook, and a private bathroom stocked with essentials like slippers and a hairdryer. The inclusion of a balcony furnished for outdoor relaxation, overlooking the serene garden, adds a touch of tranquility to the urban escape.

Storage needs are not overlooked, with ample wardrobe space provided in each unit, making long stays as comfortable as possible.

For those looking to explore beyond the city, Butrint National Park is a mere 17 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich history and natural beauty. Additionally, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, 97 km away, makes Seferi's Apartment a convenient base for international travelers.

In summary, Seferi's Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, offering a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and captivating views.