---\ntitle: "Selvia Apartament"\ndescription: "Selvia Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988777.jpg?k=e9b5d25cc5970c069e5e51e8864135b0e4de41a6b2045fbf953502f61c7f96ef&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: selvia-apartament\naddress: "Rruga Sh. Dishnica, ( ish Rruga Saraçeve, Selvia ), pallati \"Aldent\" apartmenti 32, kati 8 . Tirana, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3330461\n  lng: 19.82290495\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988777.jpg?k=e9b5d25cc5970c069e5e51e8864135b0e4de41a6b2045fbf953502f61c7f96ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988870.jpg?k=a4f26bac2ae366da9eac8597711acdcd04e518969420d7f7dc861f58709135cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988899.jpg?k=13be22750ac98acc4ce39ea5b6452f4f31831f19b9e97e51ad3ab9db1688d569&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988884.jpg?k=6a719713620f4142dd2e75958b27ef279f8c96dddc6543e350440bda29ede1ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988864.jpg?k=a872df379e8663818894f816ee3304102c14ac1ad646c900079c4c5dec0c40c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488820483.jpg?k=1f5588276daee2575f56a2854b09b8dae6217816308acf9556bbeebc6051f67e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988892.jpg?k=f73f536c277d3de085f998df85e9d21e0a0dba03d21f417734d24d2331101790&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476988915.jpg?k=dc8d382808ff8e7bafdd0698f38d8fe0c59303813bbe9375707748b499658059&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528219583.jpg?k=e88dfb6d3a81c23c1b509ce80697b0ef654fb933c62783cbf27f01d6bf8c5935&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Kaon (Selvia) 8 m"\n  - "Blua Fish 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kateřina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Amazing host. He picked us up in the area nearby hotel, invited us for a cup of coffee. We had a good chat. Very friendly. He gave us tips and recommendation anytime we needed. We also loved the comfy accomodation, everything was just perfect. I...”"\n  - name: "De"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The apartment is sooo nice, very clean and new, and just in the center of Tirana, and the landlord is the nicest person ever, he was so good to us and helped us a lot with everything. Is not a 10 is a 100!! For sure we will be back, thank you...”"\n  - name: "Patrycja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Właściciel to bardzo pomocny, pozytywny człowiek, który chętnie pomagał nam na każdym etapie naszego pobytu! Jeden z najlepszych hostów, bardzo nam pomógł tłumacząc jak i gdzie dojechać. Mieszkanie czyste, wygodne, w samym centrum ♥️”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/selvia-apartament-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it's a haven of comfort. Guests are treated to a well-appointed living space featuring a single bedroom, complemented by a flat-screen TV for those leisurely evenings in. The kitchen doesn't disappoint, being fully equipped with an oven, microwave, and even a washing machine, catering to all the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the attention to detail in ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi enveloping the property, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Tirana. For those intrigued by culture and history, the apartment is conveniently located near the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Museum of History Albania, promising enriching experiences just a short walk away. Shopping enthusiasts will find the Toptani Shopping Centre within easy reach, offering a variety of retail delights.

Non-smoking throughout, Selvia Apartment caters to the health and well-being of its guests, ensuring a comfortable and refreshing stay. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, the apartment also scores high on accessibility, making it an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.