---\ntitle: "Senator Hotel"\ndescription: "Senator Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/78793110.jpg?k=1fa6c2b50d54137985659c4c0a23ef9b07a62354e0fc673b8681377e0e9e3515&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: senator-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi 47, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3324305\n  lng: 19.81534676\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1741\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/78793110.jpg?k=1fa6c2b50d54137985659c4c0a23ef9b07a62354e0fc673b8681377e0e9e3515&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361644004.jpg?k=2f1a59d56490ab8a8b52374e6ab6042096b404c24eec896b3efd4db39c283c7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486511374.jpg?k=a5abda7c6a685591e8835cfe83aafae94a752566e0f02a6cb0d759c5dbdf0d2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69918405.jpg?k=f6af1372fd8952598553a6ae6bc59d31e9c463030024f647c51a5276d9086723&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361653380.jpg?k=20e88caccbd5b62cfc7e1597c84b60586b1a59ff353f9aa25f167adb1d5ef317&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486511566.jpg?k=f3e0f398fa0f0e508c7dca4e7a7719cc1b8daaf97eacc5bb94558465c750317f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tak Fak 50 m"\n  - "Lissus Fish 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shahad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was big and clean. The location was amazing and the staff were super”"\n  - name: "Sten84"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Staff - Location - Cleanliness - Strong WiFi signal. Loved the bed mattress quality!
Very central location, close to everything in city centre just by walking. Bus to airport is only about 10 min walk from the Hotel, as well as The Opera House,...”"\n  - name: "Mr"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect location, friendly staff, clean and lovely breakfast.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/senator.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a modern infrastructure with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout, ensuring guests stay connected during their travels. Each room at Senator Hotel is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV, a minibar, and a safe, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a shower, a hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience.

For those looking to maintain their impeccable style or in need of a refresh, the on-site hairdresser service stands ready to pamper. Additionally, the hotel simplifies travel logistics by offering car hire services, making exploration of Tirana and beyond a breeze.

Senator Hotel's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Sky Tower, 1.2 km away, and the National Arts Gallery, a mere 400 meters distance, positions it as an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts. Furthermore, with Tirana Airport just 13 km away, the hotel serves as a seamless gateway for international travelers.

In essence, Senator Hotel represents a blend of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and attentive services, making it a compelling choice for those seeking to immerse themselves in the allure of Tirana.