---\ntitle: "Senri apartments"\ndescription: "Senri Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562919.jpg?k=82f88b6fc97043de697ac336d13aa2f4abbc7884d6fadc1fcec16df76ad5cb43&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: senri-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Egnatia aparmtent, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31698424\n  lng: 19.45155252\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562919.jpg?k=82f88b6fc97043de697ac336d13aa2f4abbc7884d6fadc1fcec16df76ad5cb43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562933.jpg?k=b8dd5a2b69534f183199fdf485f227625b9ba7da3ecdd53b4140587578e8393e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511570384.jpg?k=b8cce541566aa65813b0f9f68ddf4d3a76affd48532f6e120f28f8b772afdf13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516798920.jpg?k=6239ebf7009c01565890df98e76702023fe4fd87de0fc21c71ac2fc9a356861a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522422182.jpg?k=9e8caed2d81a595b3b237524cb1096ca7664e732f0c8c77fb1d5a07a5ecb8b16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562955.jpg?k=475c88a138e0ce0211035fb96bdde3c042ef30f0149d096307a74891e5be26c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562915.jpg?k=88bab8e2cd78f7e3d9663e9c67677de38e7179dcb174f3cae6b97ad749366aa7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511569871.jpg?k=85ee146a01c0124acdb80cfc59eaad93811214e861ef5296dcd1a91b6ef238e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511562786.jpg?k=c48680de65f7d34d6ec784acd2a09a27ff5a28b3d60a3636252dae2df994b7d7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chick 30 m"\n  - "Zodiak 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 600 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 750 m"\n  - "1. Maj 950 m"\n  - "Bekimi 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Κώστας"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“A wonderful apartment with everything you need ! Clear , in the city , you can walk everywhere . It’s like 5 minutes walking to the seaside with magical restaurants and cafe to chill and enjoy your vacations. The touristic side I think is the...”"\n  - name: "Emmanouil"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Πολυ ωραία θέα .απο το μπαλκόνι βλέπεις όλο το λιμάνι .οτι μαγαζί θες είναι όλα κοντά σου.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/senri-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, providing ample space for guests. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring a refrigerator and stovetop, allows visitors the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. The living area is furnished to encourage relaxation, complete with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The convenience of a modern bathroom, complete with a bidet, underscores the attention to guest comfort.

Located strategically, Senri Apartments is not only close to the beach but also within a manageable distance from notable landmarks. The historic Rock of Kavaje is just 10 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich past. For those interested in Albania's history, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located 38 km from the property, providing an intriguing excursion option. Additionally, the heart of Tirana, with its iconic Skanderbeg Square, is 38 km away, making it an easy day trip for those inclined to explore the capital's vibrant culture. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 42 km from the apartments, offers breathtaking views and is a must-visit for nature enthusiasts.

For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 32 km away, ensures smooth arrivals and departures. Senri Apartments stands as a testament to the blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, making it an excellent choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës and its surroundings.