---\ntitle: "Sergio Apartment"\ndescription: "Sergio Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by striking city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365679.jpg?k=7b8d7c753e69e9ea5aa31fd8ab9693877b4faa3f6029f37e19eeec8eb323a9f7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sergio-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Albanopoli, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31046928\n  lng: 19.48635315\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365679.jpg?k=7b8d7c753e69e9ea5aa31fd8ab9693877b4faa3f6029f37e19eeec8eb323a9f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509364362.jpg?k=6ea2d37c4c73e4e1df93a732bac0b0a7ea45de16f35ca742514218a64073923d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435520829.jpg?k=bd80b614c0ace10bb30e92090b96abd64e0d52a9cc172aaeab5b7e5033e79125&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435520670.jpg?k=797f2088f9056249a4772be703ce8e0011d7aa48104071283cb2bcc9852754c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509364398.jpg?k=a517390cd99bf92c183718cd3b7988e0959a416aafc10f7d0faf7f3d11f6e931&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365115.jpg?k=9178d1bbd0b161788845af11462abb6b7061dada31615fb00cc42f2b4def707e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365190.jpg?k=1c54d098f6b360c625fda031db0f0dc678dea1d82823e7fa33ac947a8c54735e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365277.jpg?k=4505e390d4f028ba15802b1a0e4649cc12a5f7d849b558b523d606e8a856b19d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509365388.jpg?k=c1403bf93e86737283e2827ac25ed7087e02a6b5e2a0a6e01e645dee16d81e14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "FC Bayern 100 m"\n  - "Prizreni 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything was more than perfect. The apartment was very clean and functional. It has everything you can ask for and everything was as advertised. The location is very close to the beach and main road (markets, bank, bus stop, restaurants etc.)....”"\n  - name: "Volha"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was a first trip for our family to Durres. We were really happy that we chose sergio apartment because it’s very lovingly and stylish decorated. The furniture is new and everything was very clean!! There is a wash machine, microwave, new...”"\n  - name: "Magdolna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Kedves, barátságos, nagyon jól felszerelt lakás, csendes környezet, a tengerparthoz közel. Az első megtaláláshoz kell egy kis segítség, utána autóval is könnyen megközelithető. A tulajdonos nagyon kedves, maximálisan segítőkész.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sergio-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful living spaces, boasting an air-conditioned interior that includes a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen outfitted with a fridge and coffee machine for those morning delights. The presence of a modern bathroom equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, alongside the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the attention to detail that Sergio Apartment dedicates to ensuring guest comfort.

Adding to the charm is an outdoor dining area, perfect for those who appreciate the joy of meals under the open sky. For guests looking to explore beyond the confines of their temporary home, the property facilitates exploration by offering airport transfers and a car rental service, making it effortless to venture out.

Located a manageable distance from notable landmarks, Sergio Apartment is 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering a unique perspective of the area's natural beauty. For those traveling by air, the convenience is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated just 32 km away.

In essence, Sergio Apartment presents itself as an ideal haven for those in pursuit of a memorable stay that combines the essence of city life with the tranquility of beachside relaxation.