---\ntitle: "Seven's Rooftop"\ndescription: "Seven's Rooftop emerges as a prime beachfront gem in Durrës, boasting an enviable location mere steps from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and a short stroll from Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052069.jpg?k=daa7daa48c93b31183355317bc3989e6f1cbf83e5d1c06b82ecbc6cda250d052&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: seven-s-rooftop\naddress: "Rruga Shkembi i Kavajes, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.28400074\n  lng: 19.51178562\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052069.jpg?k=daa7daa48c93b31183355317bc3989e6f1cbf83e5d1c06b82ecbc6cda250d052&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052048.jpg?k=8f566a4be0cad55f62dcbc93540e34a7f3ac3106622494d84d65714bb5f3b674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052050.jpg?k=af2cb26e1b2ceab73b5c3fcb4e446e0aa18dac76b8bfee871bdb686ec7048cea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052052.jpg?k=7b078fdc42e433297fe82f865fc924789f128ea4ae77033fda312434c6119552&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052055.jpg?k=698ae9c977195aa00e9120c831025ab104acfb967b38e8e861ac0a0f1d3d59c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052063.jpg?k=ae869e98d4665a3afa50c5e0fa849e987e6e74d5c0f2b250f1e6a88a0da2a977&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052056.jpg?k=81f46e31a4624cfddd0a7ac8c2b75bbceb8699771d4c47b2b0434a3f48252e0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052082.jpg?k=3556fe8d75741db0f818972a827cc74981e34c20a27f5ce39a12961328214eab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474052074.jpg?k=3f031fdb78d86cb18401217bae7494ab489ccf4a15d1df4b364b0c6b24f50ad8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Verde 100 m"\n  - "Restorant ANXHELSON 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Enisa"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“The location was excellent , the beach is basically around the corner , there is an pharmacy and an ambulance in the same building that was also great,
The owners were amazing 10/10 would come again”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sevens-rooftop.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spacious, airy comfort, featuring a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. Guests can expect a well-appointed living space that includes a bedroom, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances such as an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. Additionally, the convenience of a private bathroom equipped with a shower, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to comfort. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity and privacy for guests.

For those everyday essentials or a quick snack, the on-site minimarket proves incredibly convenient. 

Explorers eager to venture beyond the comforts of Seven's Rooftop will find Golem Beach just 2.4 km away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and sunbathing. Meanwhile, the cultural heart of the region, Skanderbeg Square, is located 41 km from the property, presenting an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the local heritage and history. For international travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 36 km away, makes Seven's Rooftop an accessible retreat for both short and extended stays.

In essence, Seven's Rooftop stands out as a serene haven for travelers seeking both the tranquility of the Albanian coast and the convenience of modern amenities, all wrapped up in a package of comfort and privacy.