---\ntitle: "Shallvaret Center Apartment"\ndescription: "Shallvaret Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691088.jpg?k=1670fc337b028484cc3744c5c8f4b575379be93e3a99239660a2ce8064dd805f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: shallvaret-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku 39, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32354231\n  lng: 19.8157313\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691088.jpg?k=1670fc337b028484cc3744c5c8f4b575379be93e3a99239660a2ce8064dd805f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691223.jpg?k=33f2a347330bc60917031ec9e8c895a1022a96b58f016ef3014454650709930f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691216.jpg?k=7b57992371d1b9d433f4fdf11d2836d8bf3b29ebb1ab67eb2fccdeb358037b8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691237.jpg?k=6a54b207009ef20736dd2bcc34214a80a9e4f2382ed2f37c5e7f03d4e633deb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691194.jpg?k=62b3c0843d5d3553047f9ee3f806665cff1cb4c5d98852f87c358ff53fbfe749&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691185.jpg?k=07a36a00d899b5b3f62995e7cd3d97ccec2ea8f69f20f1fd310860e94566a785&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691242.jpg?k=0cd7cd9ad559d0e9dd9a0020335905adc03b1a40055b428783a0ef301858d463&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691240.jpg?k=0b07dc6c7114b160383bc0c1a952c8885ef7388d5242c79cb050536e1029785e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485691172.jpg?k=f728509cdceaffbf42e1168f20763c5bd5d4f4ed59f0fe44bc7a246b760b4fd5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Peshku Nardi 30 m"\n  - "Antika 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 250 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aftab"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“To get the entire apartment at the price it was offered at is a great deal in my opinion. It is right in the city center which makes it very convenient to travel in any direction you want to. The place was clean and spacious.”"\n  - name: "Maree"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was immaculately furnished in a perfect location in the centre of Tirana. It was undoubtedly one of the best places we have stayed in and I would most definitely book it again on future visits to this lovely city. I cannot recommend...”"\n  - name: "Ian"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Location was excellent,a short walk to attractions, restaurants, supermarket.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shallvaret-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a desirable location; it is a haven of comfort and convenience. Guests are treated to a well-appointed living space featuring two cozy bedrooms, a modern bathroom complete with essential linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment. The dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the balcony offers serene garden views for moments of relaxation. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a pleasant stay for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the premises, keeping guests connected with the world or making it easier to plan the next day's adventures. For those looking to explore the local culture and attractions, Shallvaret Center Apartment is conveniently located near Rinia Park, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, offering a glimpse into the city's vibrant life.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring a hassle-free arrival and departure. For travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm, Shallvaret Center Apartment is a standout choice that promises a memorable stay in Tirana.