---\ntitle: "Sharm Hotel Luxury"\ndescription: "Sharm Hotel Luxury stands as a beacon of comfort and elegance in Gjirokastër, located a mere 45 km from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238803577.jpg?k=2c25a2593e2747f0bac1e356e250b756989593c3caca96a53dce5290488e315b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sharm-hotel-luxury\naddress: "Rr. Tahir Kadare, 6000 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08296197\n  lng: 20.13855905\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 806\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238803577.jpg?k=2c25a2593e2747f0bac1e356e250b756989593c3caca96a53dce5290488e315b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131378590.jpg?k=9d8bc33b85046eed57f84a9ab870a60fbaa1f5a93fa44d98e9edd182fcd2e8fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403939598.jpg?k=716e6de3210619b2f4ca77c27ae9c55672eba71c0009fa25800bd8ef596608e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238802258.jpg?k=088ed344be6c36be86d839d118824142fa681a86075cdd47e53f7384ceb37d96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/238802264.jpg?k=8267f8782724cd89d22362e7b9184aae3cc1fd495473168fb4b55e128145eda1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350666872.jpg?k=053f26595a07046a45398aacea7f3bb33ac0df6caa299b134eb9343beda26af3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Taste of the Sea 150 m"\n  - "Pizza n 250 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Super clean. Everybody was very nice and helpful. Great breakfast, great coffee and great view from the room. Good free parking.”"\n  - name: "Alba"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“the hotel is located in a quiet area of the city, it is a wonderful hotel, cleanliness, tranquility and staff are at high levels. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. There was parking and a nice bar as well as and the great restaurant 🤗”"\n  - name: "Ole"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Comfy beds, nice room. Breakfast is tasty and fresh. It was all very clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-sharm.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nDining and leisure options abound, with an on-site restaurant and bar providing the perfect setting for a relaxing evening. For those seeking a more casual atmosphere, the snack bar is a welcoming spot to enjoy a drink and unwind. The hotel's commitment to service is evident in its 24-hour front desk and room service, ensuring guests' needs are promptly met at any hour.

Accommodations at Sharm Hotel Luxury are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, creating a haven of relaxation and convenience. Select rooms offer the added delight of a city view, allowing guests to take in the vibrant surroundings from the comfort of their room. Additionally, the inclusion of a fridge in every unit adds an extra layer of convenience for guests.

For travelers arriving by air, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 83 km away, makes Sharm Hotel Luxury an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors. This hotel not only serves as a gateway to the historic charm of Gjirokastër but also as a sanctuary of luxury and service, promising a memorable stay for all who visit.