---\ntitle: "Shtepi Pushimi"\ndescription: "Shtepi Pushimi emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just 1 km away from the vibrant Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364463028.jpg?k=a255c1ca4efdb3f21c06c32defb276246e2877362891f3c4aa0969fb9ad73641&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: shtepi-pushimi\naddress: "Rruga Bajram Curri Plazh, perballe shkolles 'Kasa' (GPS: 41.310959, 19.497339), 1000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31087253\n  lng: 19.49739277\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 217\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364463028.jpg?k=a255c1ca4efdb3f21c06c32defb276246e2877362891f3c4aa0969fb9ad73641&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364441992.jpg?k=29f0a3043d258af79276eba53a121f7bb72b37dc2df2086e76c856bfbff0efbd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368296748.jpg?k=84723dff2d5b38bab617763c77f78af7282acacd301a63c793728ee7b7281fe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364442796.jpg?k=fdd167c884e4084c6b5bebbc818e1c3ee414386b50a35ae6dcbf8445f13a0ffa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364444980.jpg?k=0d915519140e462bd5016ea73b1975d7e17db18785bf64f33e97ece8797c03b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368296751.jpg?k=51a1f488c529e41b8867aa8304748b55fccced1f80155b97e07e26e4d29c0418&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Good free WiFi (35 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milano Caffe 450 m"\n  - "Besa e Gostivarit 650 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 850 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tobias"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Beautiful big apartment and very close to the center of Durres. Thanks again Guiliano, see you next time ;)”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The guesthouse is very big, with big rooms, community kitchen and the house has a really nice and big garden. The owner were very friendly and helpful. My booking was spontaneous and i got there very late but it was no problem at all. Everything...”"\n  - name: "Mikołaj"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The host was great, very helpful and welcoming. We stayed at the property for a few days and our experience was really great. The apartment was very spacious, each room had a bathroom. Rather comfy beds were a nice addition. The place is really...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/shtepi-pushimi-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Shtepi Pushimi is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, offering garden views, a cozy seating area, and the convenience of a washing machine. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, allows visitors the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathroom comes with a handy hair dryer. Adding to the charm, every unit features a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their meals outdoors, overlooking the serene inner courtyard.

For those looking to unwind, the property includes a bar and lounge area, alongside a minimarket for any necessities. Families will appreciate the indoor play area and the availability of babysitting services, ensuring a stress-free stay for parents. Moreover, Shtepi Pushimi caters to explorers with both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy to venture out into the surrounding area.

Situated 38 km from Skanderbeg Square and 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the property offers a perfect base to explore the local attractions. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 32 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service provided by Shtepi Pushimi, ensuring a seamless travel experience from start to finish.