---\ntitle: "SIBB Hotel"\ndescription: "SIBB Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504125323.jpg?k=4af0571da02bbf132a7e0d791584cff131e6f5be3f8cee9b6f3a137a3d816874&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sibb-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Ali Shefqeti Nd.11, H.1, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33398192\n  lng: 19.85493629\nprice: "US$66"\npriceFrom: 66\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 113\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504125323.jpg?k=4af0571da02bbf132a7e0d791584cff131e6f5be3f8cee9b6f3a137a3d816874&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468012630.jpg?k=cd9704df032b85cfb8b6a1f143890c61daea2adbd7268f19ae45eac083680715&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482702165.jpg?k=53108c5d92dfcf2246e64d902397f6c6b2266b009b95f024ce4af04b1196927e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502555544.jpg?k=281d7c3b3c3d3bde98a5ae012064768d6f5f7361753f143dffcdd1aaa680d584&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482699888.jpg?k=8bc050e8ff0d836d34071e426ce81b3ec2e4a966855f270db900b95904271932&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504126331.jpg?k=02c91e6da164239e4f6d37bea705ab07d006f7a603c439b62dee49279b219d2e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Junior Suite"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 350 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Bologna 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 2.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.8 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 2.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lumnir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Room is very big. Very clean. Very accommodating staff. Breakfast very good. Freshly cooked eggs for you - whatever you like it. Location is not really accessible since it’s quite far from the centre but it has its own free parking area. Lovely...”"\n  - name: "Tuğba"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Breakfast was very nice. Room was super clean. Hotel was new. We are very happy to stay there as family.
Thanks for everything.”"\n  - name: "Katerinafirst"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great new hotel, very clean and quiet, very nice and helpfull staff who really take care about thier job and the guests. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED HOTEL! Very nice home made food as well (including home made breafkfast)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sibb.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at SIBB Hotel are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel boasts air-conditioned rooms equipped with modern necessities such as a desk, kettle, minibar, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing experience. The addition of a wardrobe in each room provides that extra touch of convenience for travelers.

The dining experience at SIBB Hotel is not to be overlooked. With breakfast options that span from buffet to continental and Italian, guests can start their day with a delightful meal that caters to diverse palates. The presence of a garden, free private parking, an inviting restaurant, and a bar further enriches the guest experience, offering spaces for relaxation and socialization.

For those requiring assistance, the hotel's 24-hour front desk, airport transfer services, and room service stand ready to cater to every need, underscored by the availability of free WiFi throughout the property. Located just 1.7 km from the Bektashi World Centre and 2.7 km from Tanners' Bridge, and with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 17 km away, SIBB Hotel positions itself as an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking for a memorable stay in Tirana.