---\ntitle: "Signature apartment 8"\ndescription: "Signature Apartment 8 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527066832.jpg?k=35eb5f5852999cfbad3836ced6e74b9be7279ae2450a0d4d807cb3dd0a5fdaf3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: signature-apartment-8\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33208901\n  lng: 19.8191431\nprice: "US$73"\npriceFrom: 73\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527066832.jpg?k=35eb5f5852999cfbad3836ced6e74b9be7279ae2450a0d4d807cb3dd0a5fdaf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527068596.jpg?k=ca900cc48d7729aca033ca0a7fc400b2a8346fcf3a88de041600f5a609c68cdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527068589.jpg?k=52aae0015ca50ca394b315859ecff38998d16c1a48b32e8f2a794624c516bf98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527069145.jpg?k=d54c84994602dbb413406d358410eaeb5b495392ccf3e4a648d91f66b6eb390b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527068590.jpg?k=4a503491d7a89d5f79476e359ed73c8a582b190fe0b9516974f9f1c3f204d403&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527067715.jpg?k=6e4d32a6d7be96fc3dc98db1ec3092382a8b98615d3cfeb54961317af9ce7a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527069144.jpg?k=b226e483f77dbaa15a6bf99aca2c167e66ac546f40dfa281c2a7082ec287ab29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527068936.jpg?k=31ab00b0b4a5de9642697a3d4e9049275bfde8ca4a4a1775d17cb09e17a6e6a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527066829.jpg?k=7b29cb3477bd1ad603db44c66d8fcf59b23bbe4c4b9f8b643c6001b215c425ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Grill Dea 40 m"\n  - "Golosa 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/signature-apartment-8.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe interior of Signature Apartment 8 is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It features a generously sized living space with two bedrooms, making it an ideal choice for families or groups. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, invites guests to prepare their meals, while the convenience of a washing machine adds to the comfort of a home-away-from-home experience. The apartment is meticulously maintained as an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, ensuring a pleasant stay for all guests.

For those moments of relaxation, the property offers an in-house lounge and a serene garden, providing perfect spots to relax and rejuvenate. Additionally, a minimarket on the premises caters to the everyday needs of the guests.

Signature Apartment 8 is not just about the luxurious stay; its location serves as a gateway to explore Tirana's rich cultural landscape. Within close proximity are notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it a convenient base for cultural enthusiasts. For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, ensuring easy access to and from the property.

In summary, Signature Apartment 8 offers a perfect amalgamation of strategic location, thoughtful amenities, and a comfortable living space, making it a highly recommended choice for those looking to explore the vibrant city of Tirana.