---\ntitle: "Signature Idea hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Signature Idea Hotel, a gem located just a stone's throw away from the iconic Skenderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204952300.jpg?k=3a6445b3b6f210ffa1005276d3150eecee0f81b2449c72d840eef0161423c2a4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: signature-idea-hotel\naddress: "Bulevard Zogu i Pare 62/3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33309575\n  lng: 19.8178111\nprice: "US$92"\npriceFrom: 92\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1317\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 7.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/204952300.jpg?k=3a6445b3b6f210ffa1005276d3150eecee0f81b2449c72d840eef0161423c2a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453557318.jpg?k=087ca225b12576f4193588c524b6ff9c75df0a5b4b0a347b18b9a862e3d73a4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453557338.jpg?k=82003a94d7e35be4869ddb1d43d6285bf601a715048bab4ab3079edc866d4716&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208324018.jpg?k=2256b00f4a160e2495e0a39a61858fd0442b949d4069f7c5dbd903a860a148f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518986571.jpg?k=196674f1176ba62f0f59384c3a27e9bb0ae3f1b966d4f03f2db6ccb79f0d9fe2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518986578.jpg?k=f8253eb56b3c3f3b3511adea2e8ec5334617e8dd9183fa7cbf2f598606dfa224&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 30 m"\n  - "Wien Bar 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joaquín"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“- Wonderful location, nice rooms and helpful receptionists.
Totally recommended!”"\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Location was perfect, everything was clean, staff was great”"\n  - name: "Amir"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice place indeed. Big room, good facility and lovely helpful staff. Great value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/anila-harxhi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe rooms at Signature Idea Hotel are a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen satellite TV, and a minibar for your convenience. The en-suite bathrooms are equipped with a shower, slippers, and a bathrobe, adding a touch of luxury to your stay.

Start your day on the right note with a delightful breakfast served in the hotel’s dining room, setting you up perfectly for exploring Tirana. For those looking to taste the local cuisine or international dishes, there’s no need to venture far as a restaurant serving a variety of specialties is just steps away. Additionally, a grocery shop is conveniently located 20 meters from the hotel, making it easy to grab any essentials.

For relaxation and pampering, the hotel’s small Spa Centre is a highlight, offering a Turkish Bath, sauna, hot tub, and a range of massages and beauty treatments by skilled Philippine masseuses, available for an additional cost. It’s the perfect way to unwind after a day of sightseeing.

Active guests will appreciate the proximity to sports facilities, including tennis and football courts and an outdoor pool, all within 2 km of the hotel. Moreover, a tourist agency nearby and a vibrant nightlife scene 2 km away ensure that planning your adventures and enjoying Tirana’s evening offerings are both hassle-free.

Conveniently, local buses with routes to the airport and nearby towns stop just 300 meters from the hotel, making transportation a breeze. The Main Train Station is 1 km away, and Tirana Airport is accessible within 15 km, ensuring smooth travel arrangements to and from the hotel.

Signature Idea Hotel stands out not just for its prime location and comprehensive amenities but also for the personalized and comfortable experience it offers to every guest. Whether you’re in Tirana for business or leisure, this hotel promises a memorable stay in the heart of Albania’s vibrant capital.