---\ntitle: "Sina Hostel"\ndescription: "Sina Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371112544.jpg?k=6ec0d8e8a2aebcf7e67af1f519de613d00c5553c8471117cf3aa73523b1aa514&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sina-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Tefta Tashko-Koço Pallati 21/Shk1/AP4 , 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32957093\n  lng: 19.82823024\nprice: "US$6"\npriceFrom: 6\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 661\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 7.3\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.4\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371112544.jpg?k=6ec0d8e8a2aebcf7e67af1f519de613d00c5553c8471117cf3aa73523b1aa514&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371112538.jpg?k=9f396c0427700571ffe8e0fa8594df15a75bfb612aca8dbf3d14ab69452e3757&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371112552.jpg?k=d62373d9fb501fca5ba71b5ed2f03cdfde16c6131d5e8057342f2e1129f80f86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371353324.jpg?k=32c8d2f14f849054aaf2d938152db43f6e3ef15462aa52bd20c735adb1333c83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371112476.jpg?k=3152f971ba0ace1b9791a112a772033dbd5885cd80e2e258ae19c6850e92a703&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371353320.jpg?k=f72069afdf9ce4f5e2d9473746be78259e40b1ec1255452aa105504bf7ca98a2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bunk Bed in Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Economy Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "smart Pizza 10 m"\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Singh"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very good location. Just 5-10 minutes walk from city centre bus stop and all restaurants and stores are at a very close distance. Overall good considering the price point!! Owner seems to be a nice person and it was a very quite environment there...”"\n  - name: "Mammadov"\n    country: "Azerbaijan"\n    text: "“Everything was very good, it was pleasing that people were friendly and solution-oriented.”"\n  - name: "Faur"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Great place and close to everything. The owner is really nice and helpful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/hosting-hostel-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe hostel prides itself on offering impeccable services, including a 24-hour front desk, efficient airport transfers, attentive room service, and the luxury of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. Accommodations at Sina Hostel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Rooms feature shared bathrooms equipped with showers, and select accommodations boast balconies and captivating city views, adding a touch of elegance to the stay.

Culinary experiences at Sina Hostel are diverse and cater to a wide range of tastes. The on-site restaurant delights guests with an exquisite selection of Dutch, British, and French cuisines. Moreover, dietary preferences are honored with vegetarian, halal, and vegan options readily available upon request.

For those keen on exploring the outdoors, the hostel's location serves as a perfect base for hiking and cycling adventures. Car hire services are conveniently available for guests wishing to venture further afield. Sina Hostel is also in close proximity to several of Tirana's must-visit landmarks, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and Tanners' Bridge, enriching the travel experience with historical insights and local charm.

Accessibility is seamless, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. Sina Hostel stands as a testament to the blend of hospitality, culture, and adventure that awaits in Tirana, making it an exceptional choice for travelers in search of an authentic Albanian experience.