---\ntitle: "Skanderbeg View Apartments"\ndescription: "Skanderbeg View Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495136312.jpg?k=f7fefe140a8486949b54b4691046cd990def45f74476f98a1fd856918ce9206e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skanderbeg-view-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3288289\n  lng: 19.8229233\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495136312.jpg?k=f7fefe140a8486949b54b4691046cd990def45f74476f98a1fd856918ce9206e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517393466.jpg?k=a8061af2e0965d09d2d7eb1878e3f9c80c78770e73c73b67bb142ba92aaedb59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517393715.jpg?k=9eb70edbb97290f40108ee5bbe5f51e1e9190ced9a26e7647d179aa8b1fed051&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517393573.jpg?k=6c1789be70ee344014f6051141b6f5435f2a011f81cb0ec3e780483c3a63b6f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506266632.jpg?k=e78f11a2974ed4b9a8713a179e349dc57ce11fbfd01452391082e1618b94b662&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506267003.jpg?k=166f59e012ae3e59dba00b2f35a309685862a4a0aab960288fa9ee4df141a9db&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Island 7 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 10 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Era"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“very clean environment.
very cheap for its position as an apartment.
very comfortable”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/skanderbeg-view-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design, boasting parquet floors that lead guests through to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV in each unit, alongside a private bathroom outfitted with a shower and complimentary slippers for that extra touch of home. Air conditioning ensures comfort regardless of the season, and for those desiring a breath of fresh air, select units feature balconies that present an opportunity to soak in the city's ambiance.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to any immediate needs, while families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, making it a welcoming option for guests of all ages.

Located near attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the cultural heartbeat of Tirana. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the apartments offering a paid shuttle service for seamless transfers.

Skanderbeg View Apartments stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in Tirana.