---\ntitle: "Skanderbeg Square EXPLORER APARTMENTS"\ndescription: "Skanderbeg Square EXPLORER APARTMENTS emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356189144.jpg?k=b6f66c5835b41d8cba2d7f212bfa33baf34e4a269188d13241ff5447a0d27653&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skanderbeg-square-explorer-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Urani Pano, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33030612\n  lng: 19.81920943\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 151\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/356189144.jpg?k=b6f66c5835b41d8cba2d7f212bfa33baf34e4a269188d13241ff5447a0d27653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358288667.jpg?k=d2fe1b0d853d56959cd921ac1a0c169bc9d7c9b4f85e7ed9d5b86c8e070d737c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354301870.jpg?k=e28e8cbf962c676a41731185e90f63bcdabf24676eccf6699887696bf108cb2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354301335.jpg?k=b144cb8e6b95f9423a97392e84643b977c543ccdd79b12371c2eff0c897b004d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358289484.jpg?k=05df0ec3dbd4c96bbf5d7f55a46395f578b1080084a5f30d72187086f6fe351a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354301679.jpg?k=f787d1d46d8e554762810130e1e8891121822809c3b8087aa203c24469e0fc4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354301712.jpg?k=1ac99a704f3780594604d78ef8097874b74c76d74c8fd7d6779dba8fc581d9e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358289750.jpg?k=45f809003c4c6ab7989bf983733731b7725ed42be22d1dd73145ad0c20e9b487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354585484.jpg?k=66611a82b8953032342f794af3c56781302af3816c2b27726eec8e8df17b2136&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Luani 20 m"\n  - "Angolo dei Sapori Ristorante 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 300 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing location, very spacious and well equiped, lift to flat was very good. Perfect place to visit the centre of Tirana without needing to get a car. They recommended local bars and restaurants that were very good. Great free Wifi. Would...”"\n  - name: "Caldas"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Beautiful, immaculate, well furnished large apartment, with perfect location. Owner was extremely helpful and responsive and was a great resource for everything Albania. Also helped book a taxi for airport. Truly recommend 100%”"\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Jerry- Jerry was top class. He was a classy guy. There aren’t enough stars in the sky for Jerry. Jerry makes me cry… with delight”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-view-skanderbeg-square-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests stepping into the air-conditioned apartment will find themselves enveloped in a space that marries functionality with comfort. The presence of a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a microwave, a cozy seating area, a washing machine, and not one, but two bathrooms featuring a bath, a hot tub, and a bidet, ensures a stay that lacks for nothing. 

Mornings at Skanderbeg Square EXPLORER APARTMENTS begin with a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. For those inclined to venture out, both bicycle and car rental services are readily available, offering a seamless transition from the tranquility of the apartment to the vibrant streets of Tirana.

For guests arriving from afar, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 18 km away, is a thoughtful touch, underscoring the property's commitment to guest satisfaction. Additionally, the unique perk of having a restaurant accessible within the premises adds an extra layer of appeal, ensuring that culinary desires are just as easily met as the need for a comfortable, well-appointed place to rest.

In summary, Skanderbeg Square EXPLORER APARTMENTS stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, promising an experience that is as enriching as it is effortless.