---\ntitle: "Skerdi’s Apartment - City Center"\ndescription: "Skerdi’s Apartment - City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487176096.jpg?k=3519f82f51b6a36588cd2cb7f643f3dd4f30128ff87f7afa638ea822b3573518&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skerdi-s-apartment-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32487504\n  lng: 19.81054444\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487176096.jpg?k=3519f82f51b6a36588cd2cb7f643f3dd4f30128ff87f7afa638ea822b3573518&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487168083.jpg?k=3bfe47ced9411ae342df9e21d49fea74c6e042862d447414a1115baa6bacc46d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487167605.jpg?k=64b54ca645352e709425ca67b179e842fb798e00a80b34acdd174dad35ab2c15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487168785.jpg?k=774e688f714c6ae28440bcf338d9e398f9ab294394a8a0a0949220dfaac55901&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487167420.jpg?k=0db7e550944561bf68a75fe391c099fb313ea18b59cd374ec538f6281e25bc47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487170411.jpg?k=89b470b74e5bfb99203d6cb57c6606bb7a3457d6124ce741ea3ba240befbc4a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487168490.jpg?k=9077b27a5399a73122e688ca93d3712beec80297f42b5838c6e80a0272399924&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487169756.jpg?k=260fb5c47e62940ebf228f912e0e735e091cdc8d59fca3058509541c2e53ea2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487167889.jpg?k=8138559309bc4f12a1d6e96f81bddcb93ba22a44c76814abf64d1b9407039669&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (96 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Classic Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant la Paradise 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fiona"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“An amazing apartment in a great location! The apartment had everything we needed for our 3 night stay. The beds were extremely comfortable and cosy. In addition, I felt very safe walking to and from the apartment in the evening. The communication...”"\n  - name: "Andreea"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very well positioned, clean and equipped! RECOMMEND !!”"\n  - name: "Vasilka"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Nice and clean, very nice and helpful host close to the centar”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/skerdis-apartment-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring two separate bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, ensuring ample space for relaxation and entertainment. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area and oven adds a touch of home, allowing guests the option to prepare their meals. Complimentary WiFi and the provision of towels and bed linen further enhance the comfort of stay.

Strategically positioned, Skerdi’s Apartment is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks such as the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the National Museum of History Albania. For those keen on exploring the cultural fabric of the city, the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park offers a unique glimpse into Tirana's rich history and vibrant lifestyle.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 14 km away, making Skerdi’s Apartment an ideal base for both short-term visits and extended stays. Whether it's the allure of exploring Tirana's cultural sites or the convenience of a city-center location, Skerdi’s Apartment - City Center stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for discerning travelers.