---\ntitle: "Skrapari Studio Apartment"\ndescription: "Skrapari Studio Apartment emerges as a recently updated gem in Çorovodë, boasting a blend of modern amenities and serene outdoor spaces."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378108817.jpg?k=e9ad2a54d6a82e832b0468e8792592cb52bb4a2f1f79aaee90dd77d5433434e3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skrapari-studio-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Dëshmorëve, 5401 Çorovodë, Albania"\ncity: "Çorovodë"\nlocation: "Çorovodë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.5038718\n  lng: 20.2255726\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378108817.jpg?k=e9ad2a54d6a82e832b0468e8792592cb52bb4a2f1f79aaee90dd77d5433434e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378108741.jpg?k=0fe20640271d424db8615f47873fc36a83138b92421e24be624b4b504a31d1eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374275028.jpg?k=0f1bbec58ddde60647d3923f058b6a0a56b423c0c166aaa0b769c8e30eda3c89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383354988.jpg?k=4da757ba72afeeb4dbd09cf3347d68f27685efde42183567e2c485f198e3c5d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378108775.jpg?k=d693634b0b9f6885bfb41752517ea2c13c15bb6b359ad80508ca936b3fcec314&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386410854.jpg?k=a098a18724112dfcd1672fb46f0a5480695aac35f60adff2ca4734ddb866b823&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386410839.jpg?k=5e86b0dc499fa5bbed47e49bde31b1e528223ecaf94b59cd7f2c6aad0beae497&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386410851.jpg?k=31777cc6c6f55d154718dbd9ddb987095b6d6e7f97d331a8d7c39347a741a400&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374248656.jpg?k=c6e746b622c76ec841173f5228e1a62639dd57ea4699dc0b290b9e6abeae946f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Hotel Sokoli 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Turhani\\"\" 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 3.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 85 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 89 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jacek"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I was very surprised by the hotel service - positively, of course. In addition to refined care, we were shown interesting places in the area. We were also warned about the Google trap, i.e. wrong path. the room had everything needed for a...”"\n  - name: "Libor73"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Very nice accommodation in the center of the town!”"\n  - name: "Dimitra"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very cozy room, everything new, modern and fully equiped! We even cooked one day! The owner very friendly, provided us with information about the area and everything else we asked! Safe parking spot (inside the property).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/skrapari-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in comfort and convenience, featuring a single bedroom, a bathroom equipped with fresh bed linen and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. The dining space, paired with a fully equipped kitchen, allows guests to prepare and enjoy their meals with ease. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the patio, offering breathtaking mountain views, perfect for dining al fresco while soaking in the natural beauty of the surroundings. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a clean and healthy stay for all guests.

For those looking to explore the local cuisine without venturing far, the property houses a quaint coffee shop and offers the option of packed lunches for guests on the go. Adventure seekers will appreciate the apartment's proximity to popular hiking trails, with car hire services readily available for further exploration. Families will find the children's playground and picnic area an added delight, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Located 137 km from Ioannina Airport, Skrapari Studio Apartment facilitates travel arrangements with its paid airport shuttle service, making it a convenient choice for both local and international guests. This apartment stands out as an ideal retreat for those seeking a blend of outdoor adventure and home-like comfort in the heart of Çorovodë.