---\ntitle: "Sky View Hotel"\ndescription: "Sky View Hotel, located in the charming city of Korçë and a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367328796.jpg?k=dc0cc4f3f9affb0a416df3ef75092ddd877dd9d8a9876bfdfa2b4542601cf838&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-view-hotel\naddress: "Korce Rruga Sedat Babani Lagjia No 3 Korçe , 7001, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61492705\n  lng: 20.77989376\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367328796.jpg?k=dc0cc4f3f9affb0a416df3ef75092ddd877dd9d8a9876bfdfa2b4542601cf838&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367328529.jpg?k=bfa40918b0d040c0df55fbd6e8407c2ce3b38631207f1486d738c220bf4d854f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449740939.jpg?k=cd2587cd75a2378a2273a66383fd94dac050c2c9c799e26df2484e640c4bb438&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449882556.jpg?k=7b8e238d0326e8d3f391c65a7aa64b547dd705622a875b4ac7c66ef49694d406&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449884001.jpg?k=2914c227db1b4d99c291ae843b976c316ffea401b65291536a3e744e9311b442&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449885482.jpg?k=35e8f5df7225718ebe1465f5bd7ab929b3714b48733e24d0c42fe60e9faff5d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449885227.jpg?k=0d19219c6d328d00084d11c58a0ad9d7295123087287ed2186b105e26b186750&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449884963.jpg?k=43abbf90afe074c48dbe3c74508c1adbdceb5ca4f0da904b9ef4affedae62e7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449884820.jpg?k=f577ba6b826a35877af9ca1176421dc463c72b7a66118aa773800b4169d81deb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Suite"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtepia Voskopojane 50 m"\n  - "Grill Vasport 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 250 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 450 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emiljan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Easy to find, swift checkin, friendly staff, clean rooms, comfortable bed, nice food and entertainment band.”"\n  - name: "Mariza"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. We had the Deluxe Queen Suite and everything was so nice and spacious. Our favourite was the jacuzzi. The breakfast was amazing and delicious. Can not wait to go there again.”"\n  - name: "Andrej"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“A new hotel with extremelly nice and comfortable rooms, spacious and high-level. Central location and nice views from the top of the hotel (restaurant).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in the personalized services offered, including room service, a 24-hour front desk, an ATM on-site, and currency exchange facilities, catering to the needs of international travelers. Each room at Sky View Hotel is a haven of comfort, featuring a well-appointed desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The private bathrooms are equipped with modern showers and hairdryers, ensuring a refreshing start to each day. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also offer balconies, providing a perfect setting to unwind and take in the local ambiance.

Adding to its allure, the hotel is conveniently situated just 43 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural heritage of the area. For guests traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is accessible, located 71 km away, making Sky View Hotel a strategic choice for both leisure and business travelers alike.