---\ntitle: "Sky Apartments"\ndescription: "Sky Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522278580.jpg?k=0cbf34e6875c446828658b48d179263e8d3e14920fa4de768311d3bb9c01914f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Admiral Abdi Mati 11th floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31252809\n  lng: 19.44805498\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522278580.jpg?k=0cbf34e6875c446828658b48d179263e8d3e14920fa4de768311d3bb9c01914f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522278991.jpg?k=90999f63e0338ac165c53807994c574ca8edfe01d98004cbd3bfedad45ef6da4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522279029.jpg?k=fb0262f9a2755a6cfa17a13c7b653c6c6a0e156a441a255f2f5aace992835789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522277666.jpg?k=c90ed68eb10c98861c07684a5fc60131e77d9d867d5addf7ca7b2fe014f92ea7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522277963.jpg?k=d41e052c40874868095da8d83f36d4847540fe9dd34a1c0ca91f58e826777ba4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522278152.jpg?k=662657bc38685ff7d75ebf134386cf137cd92226b39a5a6b68d9291e8ff8531b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Segafredo 50 m"\n  - "Oasis 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 450 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 350 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 400 m"\n  - "1. Maj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 550 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 900 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emilie"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The flat was very clean and beautifully furnished. The view was fantastic. The flat is very central and close to the sea. Shopping facilities directly on site. This flat is highly recommended and gets 5 stars out of 5. Thank you for the...”"\n  - name: "Kevin"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The location was perfect in the city center with an amazing view over the Port and the city. The apartment was beautiful, well maintained and very clean. It was also very quiet and comfy. The host was also very kind and always ready to help. I...”"\n  - name: "Denis"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“È un bell apartamento, comfortevole, pulito e sistemato prima dell arrivo. Organizzato benissimo per ospitare 1-4 persone. I proprietari sono molto cordiali e aiutevoli. Il apartamento ha anche una bella vista dell centro citta e dell mare.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Sky Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units equipped with all the essentials for a self-sufficient stay. Each apartment boasts a fully-equipped kitchen, complete with a kettle, oven, fridge, and stovetop, ensuring guests can prepare their meals with ease. The attention to detail extends to the inclusion of a wardrobe, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a bidet, catering to the needs of the most discerning guests.

Adding to the convenience, Sky Apartments offers a range of thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi throughout the property, a lift for easy access, and the luxury of private check-in and check-out services. For those traveling with little ones, the availability of a baby safety gate underscores the complex's commitment to guest safety and comfort.

Situated a mere 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Sky Apartments presents an appealing option for both short and extended stays in Durrës, promising a blend of relaxation and adventure in one of Albania's cherished coastal cities.