---\ntitle: "Sky 2 Hotel Tirana"\ndescription: "Sky 2 Hotel Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/28063480.jpg?k=637d5a12b81d5fe66f2ed144f90e0c8605e2179608c8d66898ecafd632739fe8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-2-hotel-tirana\naddress: "Street Reshit Collaku 38, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32409093\n  lng: 19.81644952\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1028\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/28063480.jpg?k=637d5a12b81d5fe66f2ed144f90e0c8605e2179608c8d66898ecafd632739fe8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206247816.jpg?k=dfe9a8ad9a6f7629322c4aa5b913af44eee3f0a05cef4c6fc57ad07ffb0b3721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206247604.jpg?k=f253ee80fd91c4169e7fa9677e20fc9b2861f30beb8724336012b74b1f5262f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172584602.jpg?k=c0fad03bd9259756de62430e512a451d706e3fe5d859f59491ad315f52423aa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206248833.jpg?k=7947897f48fbe74b4f9b741e2aa6281afb33b659e775884858358379bd351f88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172821357.jpg?k=1880ffecd35eb57f81ce879cc6f5fdbd9182450b19e82b6c0a68a7c1010ae9cd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tang Chinese 10 m"\n  - "Brauhaus 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 150 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ariel"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“great location 😁 nice room, they gave as late check-out , great staff.”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice hotel in city center of Tirana, clean and well equipped room, parking garage available”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Spacious and comfortable room. No traffic noise. Convenient location (by foot a few minutes to Rinia park, 5 minutes to Blloku quarter). Super market next door. Parking garage (although a bit tight). Friendly and helpful staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering complimentary Wi-Fi and parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay for all guests. Each room, adorned in soothing beige tones, promises a restful retreat with air conditioning, an LCD satellite TV, a minibar, and a fridge. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with showers, hairdryers, towels, and complimentary toiletries, catering to every need.

Morning risers are greeted with a continental buffet breakfast, a perfect start to a day of exploration or business. For moments of relaxation, the on-site lounge bar serves as a cozy haven for guests to unwind. Those looking to experience Tirana's nightlife will find the nearest nightclub just a heartbeat away, at 50 meters from the hotel.

Cultural aficionados will appreciate the hotel's proximity to significant landmarks, including the Opera House, the National Theatre, and the National Historic Museum, all within a 200-meter radius. Additionally, shopping enthusiasts will delight in the nearby streets, brimming with retail opportunities.

Convenience is further underscored by the close proximity to the nearest bus station, merely 50 meters away, making city exploration effortless. For guests traveling further afield, Tirana Airport is 18 km from the hotel, with shuttle services available upon request, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the hotel.

Sky 2 Hotel Tirana stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a seamless blend of local charm and modern amenities, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking an authentic and comfortable Tirana experience.