---\ntitle: "Sky Apartament. Bllok District"\ndescription: "Sky Apartament Bllok District emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667336.jpg?k=fdaa18e8f7f1bca1f0d7e8ae89c1fc67f67ca33c5ed0c871b281ef2141731b54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-apartament-bllok-district\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri 8, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32338662\n  lng: 19.81240973\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667336.jpg?k=fdaa18e8f7f1bca1f0d7e8ae89c1fc67f67ca33c5ed0c871b281ef2141731b54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667324.jpg?k=1aa8ebc861fb7a1ebc247d99e58154c5a69fef6ad079d65034fba381dc776667&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667346.jpg?k=4c0c0bc3700850740fde6712f99be46f12d7c71f7f67f17219cf50635eb20afa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667328.jpg?k=0fce17f6f97535d46c143771d71ba78c81278b54a8cdaee3df0fb58ba3f2caf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667347.jpg?k=63d4f64a466a720693a27df772c4e5418c57d5f65de77d8553dbe0f740f57fd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434142309.jpg?k=667d035bbd42404e2ee75ee6b6e7c4a61bdca673298adcfabf939fb61782db37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667325.jpg?k=0ad58b5c164fd41775d87409f6ecb407c0bdc2887e227a8fb38303219bb4c951&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667338.jpg?k=433ac43a968c9e4374bee35560348c4d92a093730d501b3acdd333ecbeed7604&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438667337.jpg?k=fa448bd2b9a5aaf8f171a34fd60288682b3c71c36cc504c876e94dce3ee613d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tsk -Ministria Drejtësisë- 50 m"\n  - "100 Shijet e Detit 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Βίβιαν"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“It was in a very good location near the centre of Tirana ! It was really big and comfortable ! The hostess was really helpful and polite !”"\n  - name: "Alessia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La struttura è posizionata in una zona ottima di Tirana, a pochi minuti da qualunque posto da visitare! La ragazza che ci ha accolti è stata molto gentile e disponibile! La consiglio molto, semplice, essenziale e giusta qualità prezzo”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-apartament-bllok-district.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment's generous layout includes a bedroom that promises restful nights, a living space anchored by a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to culinary whims with an oven and toaster. The convenience of a washing machine and the inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet add to the thoughtful amenities designed to make stays seamless. The provision of towels and bed linen underscores the attention to detail that enhances the guest experience.

Adding to the allure, this property ensures privacy with a private entrance, setting the stage for an exclusive retreat. Its location is unbeatably strategic, with Rinia Park, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument within easy reach, inviting exploration of Tirana's vibrant streets and landmarks. For those venturing further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is a short drive away, offering an adventure to remember.

Situated 43 km from the Rock of Kavaje and with the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 15 km away, Sky Apartament Bllok District not only promises convenience but also serves as a gateway to the wider wonders of Albania. This non-smoking property, complete with lift access, stands out as an impeccable choice for those desiring a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of adventure in their travels.