---\ntitle: "Sky Way SKK Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "Sky Way SKK Luxury Apartments stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located a mere 16 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382846361.jpg?k=275be82a5ec4ea36455b94df4f2de5f38dae1577089c186346e0d2b036c03d97&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-way-skk-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu (39.8664533, 20.0221026), 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86646195\n  lng: 20.02214872\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382846361.jpg?k=275be82a5ec4ea36455b94df4f2de5f38dae1577089c186346e0d2b036c03d97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382847298.jpg?k=4e85e625c525cee295e8de1de4c3b68456c6ed155668820908f96c80c0f7d897&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382847282.jpg?k=5a3c089da05f100019a9dc8149efccb95d9529571bbfa1095a01a61a8178d3db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382847267.jpg?k=d683a82f9f6113550e3e757676ff9eb279b1cbbb87c5210d0953cb660c2848de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382846343.jpg?k=4e194053f9007645628de2479fef1b4ddb291ae9d4969fe08326bbbc4d9f79e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382847286.jpg?k=0c5200f5a77909159913eb389b7b7c48033bdfe704968c5a9924dc0cc31c5ea8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382848000.jpg?k=74b8285fdaf64e917cb81be2b24b40aa1c57a7a786dfc50c25fce4a8e9c24de8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382846106.jpg?k=c5b31e4f4f2f8216d761a0923d119742c1a3d3feff9b3a0b8ea7d0a0300a1764&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382846357.jpg?k=e2536a9194fcd62cf6c0238ebb99534e7acf14000130c4d55ff18c1341a41d10&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ostria 300 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erik"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I honestly think Sky Way has to be the best hotel/apartment you can get in Sarande.
The room was super clean, the view was magnificent andthe price was worth every penny for the service.”"\n  - name: "Andi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great apartment on a quite area of Saranda with an amazing view.
Would highly recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Sissy"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The sky way skk hotel was our best stay in albania by far. The room was extremely big with a very comfortable bed, generous balcony, bathroom with exeptional lightning and even a mini kitchen! The staff was very friendly & helpful, there is a safe...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-way-skk-luxury-apartaments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sky Way SKK are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that come with the added benefits of complimentary private parking and WiFi. Each apartment boasts a balcony that invites guests to enjoy their own private slice of Sarandë's serene atmosphere. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with a fully functional kitchen, including a fridge, alongside a dining area for those intimate meals prepared in the comfort of one's own space. The living area, complete with a flat-screen TV, provides the perfect setting for relaxation after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of a desk in each unit caters to the needs of business travelers or those who wish to pen down their adventures.

For moments of leisure or a quick caffeine fix, the aparthotel houses its own coffee shop and bar, offering a cozy spot for guests to unwind.

Situated 95 km from Ioannina Airport, Sky Way SKK Luxury Apartments presents an ideal base for both leisure and adventure, promising a stay that is as effortless as it is enjoyable.