---\ntitle: "SKY DWELLING TIRANA"\ndescription: "Sky Dwelling Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a glimpse into the vibrant heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525035146.jpg?k=934fc111bdeb9ad2a943b2bb316b47eb786c9b9c0c377d0502d936ecfa3d06eb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sky-dwelling-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi Piano 12, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3294322\n  lng: 19.8222155\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525035146.jpg?k=934fc111bdeb9ad2a943b2bb316b47eb786c9b9c0c377d0502d936ecfa3d06eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521756303.jpg?k=c8e12fdc723420707e51302b4e9ac5403bf882d78077f677b11698c4a4a04732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521756306.jpg?k=ebeba77670059b85621e905860803ee05f6f8584b0e8e95543fcb9badb0516d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525035210.jpg?k=5e61a13b3f0e23fc8b24c17063c433e27874a34843494d8b4de04fa348d29cb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521756298.jpg?k=7610b0695390697e70f9af01f184388571cf8e0c38ef1730dc78a6991840b747&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525035213.jpg?k=15269e1785ac89148a624423d6b2f79b996131e3be95535e37aaef68654f44d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521756294.jpg?k=daa4334f510b35f7e9d438b6b5cf886f6a8d6b1cae8d765abb7dc4f788d4b285&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521756293.jpg?k=4497c2e2910da273489d45c4f5033bb5b7fc6717e5adae4e26f96cbd349e275f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525035122.jpg?k=8bd313614d3230933d326ab9ce5fcb666d181fff7f5d1cd591435c21ed362d03&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 20 m"\n  - "Europa Caffe 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jorida"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent location. Just in the heart of the city. Everything easy to reach in walking. The apartment was spacious, sparkling clean and the host very kind and responsive. The view fro. The apartment's valcony is absolutely beautiful overlooking...”"\n  - name: "Carmine"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Host gentili e molto disponibili, appartamento top sia per location che per arredamento.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sky-dwelling-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of spaciousness and modern amenities. Guests are treated to air-conditioned interiors that boast not only a balcony with sweeping city views but also a fully equipped kitchen, a flat-screen TV, a cozy seating area, and two bathrooms complete with a bidet, ensuring a stay that marries luxury with the comforts of home. The addition of a private entrance underscores the apartment's commitment to privacy and exclusivity.

Cultural aficionados will appreciate the apartment's proximity to some of Tirana's most esteemed institutions, including the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Gallery of Arts, and the National Museum of History. For those arriving by air, the convenience of being just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the seamless experience of staying at Sky Dwelling Tirana.

In summary, Sky Dwelling Tirana stands out as an exceptional choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the dynamic atmosphere of Albania's capital, offering a perfect blend of accessibility, privacy, and all the amenities needed for an unforgettable stay.