---\ntitle: "SkyLine View 2BR Apartment"\ndescription: "SkyLine View 2BR Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106552.jpg?k=d323656f6cd65f203303d072dfe44a4531856f1d31188ab5e41fab970dcf0316&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skyline-view-2br-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Myzeqari, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33239387\n  lng: 19.8141572\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106552.jpg?k=d323656f6cd65f203303d072dfe44a4531856f1d31188ab5e41fab970dcf0316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106478.jpg?k=f3ad3ed6821fb194716a3cda93600b02a1177b57930eca113f011cb306bc9294&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106567.jpg?k=8382cd248d54cf33846c75577f9d38c73ceb3bdb0d2a394e25d2f690230e23ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106496.jpg?k=912cb5e118563a497de421bee7d627cdfa4f9bc0457a2eeb558bfdef08f3952e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106511.jpg?k=b8ad4bec9397e9fe3a4225d55b16bd2a46b9b784d8cb4043aad59383d96c85f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106536.jpg?k=db1662b260996d04ada82935b1c84edded41dd696f08d27676c6f0f6aab5db9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106611.jpg?k=b217b074a027b015d8290e8f735ead7208e73ef401033d48c8f6a702d64c8520&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106523.jpg?k=33fe1afc844d7caa7c670fccce779e50591bdbe86cabe06857a297a0727b9c0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438106520.jpg?k=77757454263d354597750849cca1780cbb1d84213d801be145ce9c80a163966b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (114 Mbps)"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Comfort 20 m"\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gheonoaia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location is good ,close to the city centre, apartment looks good is at the 8th floor but you have an elevator anyway so it doesn't matter. Host is very laid back and helpful . Mattress comfy, everything was clean and they have electric heaters...”"\n  - name: "Kejsi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location and nice view. I had a great stay in this central apartment. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Jonard"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was really modern and cozy, with a lot of sunlight.
City center a 5 min walk away.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-high-rise-2br-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers breathtaking views of both the city and the mountains, providing a serene backdrop to your stay. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the property ensures guests stay connected, while Skanderbeg Square is conveniently located less than 1 km away, inviting guests to explore the vibrant local culture and history.

The interior of SkyLine View 2BR Apartment is designed with space and comfort in mind. It features two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a fridge. The inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience, especially for longer stays. The bathroom is modern and comes with a shower, while towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, ensuring a comfortable stay. It's important to note that this accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, catering to the comfort of all guests.

For those interested in exploring Tirana's rich cultural scene, the apartment is conveniently located near several popular points of interest. The National Museum of History Albania, House of Leaves, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania are all within easy reach, offering enriching experiences for visitors. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making SkyLine View 2BR Apartment an ideal choice for both domestic and international travelers looking for a memorable stay in Tirana.