---\ntitle: "Skyline Sunset City Center"\ndescription: "Skyline Sunset City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of urban charm in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861889.jpg?k=7e5b6a71673a9c90f665cca1a0420741daeaa59b1e97a4b2dc7fcbcb24b3a183&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skyline-sunset-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Ali Pashë Gucia Glen&Xheis Building, 7th floor, no 33, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3330539\n  lng: 19.8259656\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861889.jpg?k=7e5b6a71673a9c90f665cca1a0420741daeaa59b1e97a4b2dc7fcbcb24b3a183&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861834.jpg?k=6ca8431abf2749a2421c026b7c133b04a65a81c0b3117044aa09a472ba6efaea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861824.jpg?k=422890f19cce7e3fb8ad8e72a00557b234e847a4876b5ed8c9a8ef11bb105ae3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861837.jpg?k=a1f656f558355521f963a7f616959781ec26104763922252873f89a9f95e0cdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861827.jpg?k=b7eafdc638b6df77f52d0ab41431c115f6db7ba8185a5b61139411cfc6ed20f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861826.jpg?k=9319e106476ae5afdc0abd3fa61c70209f3ff0d065c7348ff6aa0a70e7990b03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861820.jpg?k=37a7bee8c7165cae5aa4a138e4b8b6f3e1b714f4c05cee598c4072d7fc17df22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861831.jpg?k=2a463f27ae6addf4bbcebb651dbc5208e77ade5f2d3dee36ebe1a9f2863785e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405861828.jpg?k=7b70a7beb288dedf97483cfcf401ee463cba96fdc5f222e345937dca29422f18&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Trattoria Logu 150 m"\n  - "Le Chateau 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joshua"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything was as expected and the apartment was so close to the city centre”"\n  - name: "Engjell"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The landlord was very friendly and helpful, even contacting us well in advance. The accomodation was very clean and well located, we would highly recommend this to anyone.”"\n  - name: "M"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Great apartment,very clean,on a good location,you have everything you need just in few minutes walk from apartment.
Mirjan,the owner,was at our service all the time,communication on high level.
All the best for this apartment,it was above our...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/skyline-sunset-city-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with an array of facilities designed to enhance their stay, including a restaurant, elevator access, and round-the-clock security, complemented by complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those arriving from afar, the convenience of airport transfer services and the option for car rental services directly from the property ensures a seamless travel experience.

The accommodation itself, a spacious apartment, is thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts and conveniences. It features a bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop. The air-conditioned space also includes a bidet and a dressing room, with the added benefits of bed linen, towels, and laundry service to make guests feel at home.

For leisure and convenience, the property offers a coffee shop and a minimarket on-site. Active guests will appreciate the bicycle rental service and the ski pass sales point, inviting exploration of the surrounding ski areas.

Cultural enthusiasts and shoppers will find the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre within easy reach, making Skyline Sunset City Center an ideal base for discovering the best of Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, guests enjoy both the vibrancy of city life and the ease of travel to and from this distinguished accommodation.