---\ntitle: "SkyView Oasis Apartment"\ndescription: "SkyView Oasis Apartment presents a modern retreat in the heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525732173.jpg?k=f8702c923dc8f43ffdcb3e339916c55bf336ca91145faed0f6daadd006105477&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: skyview-oasis-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Dollaku, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32685646\n  lng: 19.83923113\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525732173.jpg?k=f8702c923dc8f43ffdcb3e339916c55bf336ca91145faed0f6daadd006105477&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526405585.jpg?k=5826a7dc74c2aab7d0f4cf8fc9e1c48aa2ff0f32702201163d9a75ed6f020fb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526415597.jpg?k=165599842df1e37bfea10aa80308eedcfb408e7cdc3c578b665b872ae34d3e4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526390627.jpg?k=6791d4ccc39d4ce10d8c9d83fd17a75d2595a3b9a38fadc653a02f37609c8a2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526390625.jpg?k=66d82571a84a475a023bdd9e1ff836f3ce6b718742a51562ac8d4de51f501ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523464790.jpg?k=0260b75c44757111c19e2d1509c4b687d6bbf13b8175aae0d46eb3922872dc15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526405582.jpg?k=43de8f6aa95cac5d10ef73a71ceb64847738d3cd8a42522a93a6ece765a301f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526415596.jpg?k=604737ecbee01f3f7d0a053c179e8324bdec6f8183a75efd87225a83dc67e14d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526390623.jpg?k=afd2b11c0a3ede12478bbba62affea2777ce59d768570438703a73369fcd3326&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (284 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Hallall Ali Demi 250 m"\n  - "Zgara 1 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tim"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“There is so much to love about Klejdi's apartment. It has an extremely comfortable vibe, with incredible views over the city and of the sunset. It has all the amenities, including a fireplace if you'd prefer this to A/C 🔥 I was greeted with fresh...”"\n  - name: "Lora"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I really enjoyed my stay at this apartment. It wasreally close to the city center and you had everything you needed around it. It was beyond my expectations. It was super warm and cozy, you had every equipment at the kitchen. All the rooms were...”"\n  - name: "Davis"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I liked that the bedroom was spacious and very clean. I loved the living room that had a nice city view. There was a lot of natural light that came through the living room. The bathroom was very clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/skyview-oasis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment is a testament to modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. It houses a single bedroom, but the space is maximized with a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a coffee machine, and a bathroom complete with a bidet and plush bathrobes. For added comfort, guests are provided with towels and bed linen, ensuring a stay that combines the conveniences of home with the luxuries of a hotel. The seating area and fireplace add a touch of warmth, making it an ideal spot for relaxation after a day of exploration.

For those keen to discover Tirana's cultural and historical landmarks, SkyView Oasis Apartment is conveniently situated near several points of interest. The Bektashi World Centre, Tanners' Bridge, and Saint Paul Cathedral are all within easy reach, offering a glimpse into the rich tapestry of the city's heritage. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 17 km away, makes this apartment a practical choice for both international visitors and those on domestic travels.

SkyView Oasis Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, comfort, and accessibility to Tirana's most captivating sights.