---\ntitle: "Sofia's apartment"\ndescription: "Sofia's Apartment emerges as a serene retreat, strategically positioned within the vibrant tapestry of Pogradec's landscape."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486404280.jpg?k=26b3723a3d18967b0975123c5397b92e6fc20d31989ae51eaa13148e302c81fc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sofia-s-apartment\naddress: "Mentor zavallani, Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.89976799\n  lng: 20.66827987\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486404280.jpg?k=26b3723a3d18967b0975123c5397b92e6fc20d31989ae51eaa13148e302c81fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/486404317.jpg?k=2491de5e06309c85777f9ebffde7fa8a8601edc7eaae8c82b71d44da94c2a8d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/486404320.jpg?k=c9bd5163cb8ab006fafb1b84ff890cc52246f6677db08ec4ecaafed33be3702b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/486404322.jpg?k=3fdfb8040612a1e08134eb2460be2bed67b22ebe797a536019b5d57e1e3c707d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/486404325.jpg?k=f49a6f37d80e687a38070c233182ee66aaf3dd7d1a4677ce69932f9e11602b1f&o=&hp=1"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ambient per femije 150 m"\n  - "Bulevardi 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 150 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sofias-apartment-pogradec1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting a well-equipped kitchenette that caters to the culinary needs of its guests. The view from the property is a picturesque scene of lush gardens, providing a tranquil backdrop for a relaxing stay. Further afield, the Early Christian Basilica and the bustling Port Ohrid are both within a 40 km radius, offering a glimpse into the region's rich historical tapestry.

Accommodation includes a cozy bedroom that promises restful nights, alongside a spacious living room perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests are never at a loss for leisure activities. The addition of a terrace invites guests to enjoy their morning coffee or evening wine while soaking in the serene garden views.

For those keen on exploring the spiritual heritage of the area, the Monastery Saint Naum is a mere 6.9 km away, with the Saint Nicholas Church not far beyond at 17 km. Convenience is further underscored by the proximity to Ohrid Airport, located 45 km from Sofia's Apartment, making travel arrangements seamless for international and domestic visitors alike.

Sofia's Apartment stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of exploration in the heart of Pogradec.