---\ntitle: "Sofi's Cozy Apartment-Near Port of Vlore"\ndescription: "Sofi's Cozy Apartment-Near Port of Vlore emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524805826.jpg?k=7c64805a339f19a4ea5dc4e7ecf6e9f2f612f41c78b52ccfc90c8ab278e8722d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sofi-s-cozy-apartment-near-port-of-vlore\naddress: "Via Gjergj Kastrioti And.6; H.6; AP.14; Vlore, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45607281\n  lng: 19.48253507\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524805826.jpg?k=7c64805a339f19a4ea5dc4e7ecf6e9f2f612f41c78b52ccfc90c8ab278e8722d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523329667.jpg?k=5df1a7554eec29ff2c3a76c5d40d962c47bfe143a1996b1be3329a0eaa9f7fae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527491306.jpg?k=819a17d9992998a2401c74eb6aa5481653dcd7adf1f4d42393a14056610fb95f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523329615.jpg?k=9fa7baebc52335ecce200aee56b115d2e82cb1756fee0ca25a6d40c7a0643fe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524805499.jpg?k=7a89a06627b7bd4070891b258429b16e44b015b32428f9dfb36050a2e0e455b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489574117.jpg?k=74a7b34ebefa36c38e20ff8b799d6ce36d33dcf02d76b42e405fb10bbf27921e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489544379.jpg?k=0a47d401079d7a232197a0680c52bf744ef398815840b72983fa0190de1a3dc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489544377.jpg?k=f19baa66902527717cbc17d67152f8ae31ffca0551822c74707f786f2b631805&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516114467.jpg?k=f09ac1ef45904c8f85f631156ac4aa1176dfce9a4a6c0bc2d878774aa9d12988&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gimka 100 m"\n  - "Bar Piazza 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 400 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Deniz"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property is spacious and full of light. There’s also a little balcony with a nice view that adds to it. The property is properly furnished and very comfortable. The owners were very friendly, available and attentive to our needs. The property...”"\n  - name: "Leskaj"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“L'accueil et la disponibilité des gérants chaleureux et respectueux, tres bon soutien dans toutes les questions posées. Appartement lumineux, très confortables, équipements au top et propreté irréprochable.Très bien situé, proche de la plage et...”"\n  - name: "Madis"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Close to the beach. Bike rent available. Clean, cozy, and roomy.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sofis-apartment-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Sofi's Cozy Apartment enjoy the luxury of complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay from start to finish. The apartment is equipped with modern amenities including a lift, ensuring accessibility for all guests, alongside services such as private check-in and check-out and currency exchange, adding an extra layer of convenience to the guest experience.

The apartment itself boasts a spacious layout, featuring a balcony that offers breathtaking mountain views. Designed to accommodate a variety of travel needs, it includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge, and a bathroom complete with a bidet. The air-conditioned unit also includes a shower and a dressing room, with the added benefit of a private entrance for ultimate privacy.

For those looking to explore the local area at their own pace, a bicycle rental service is available directly from the apartment, providing a fun and eco-friendly way to discover Vlorë. Additionally, a convenient minimarket on the premises ensures that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay.

Situated just 2.3 km from Independence Square and 2.8 km from Kuzum Baba, Sofi's Cozy Apartment offers an ideal base for guests wishing to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions. For international travelers, the nearest airport is Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 150 km away, making the apartment a practical choice for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Sofi's Cozy Apartment-Near Port of Vlore presents a compelling choice for travelers looking for a comfortable, well-appointed accommodation that combines the convenience of city living with the serene beauty of Albania's coastal landscape.