---\ntitle: "Soin Rooms"\ndescription: "Soin Rooms emerges as a modern gem in the heart of Tirana, boasting a fresh renovation that positions it as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469406523.jpg?k=26282c12dde51e13bf4ba33e12d542fae31c4f9fc57bfb7f69e53b73fd2731d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: soin-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32066893\n  lng: 19.8141291\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469406523.jpg?k=26282c12dde51e13bf4ba33e12d542fae31c4f9fc57bfb7f69e53b73fd2731d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476008313.jpg?k=97aa6afaa6c38b68460939c1fa4e69ff0cbb6027f4cb7afe658e5ca5ae123d76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469406473.jpg?k=a9b534768b9ce84fdfb205a81ec9d035fb09c82210ed44d33bbf03f2cd88b40d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469406497.jpg?k=3ef1911da7defb364f35f9f2857176b944bed246c10f2a788c93559510c4afd8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469406535.jpg?k=360620544a3a9480210f2151756d0ef2fa84e19f205489719ba98e1da6c0f451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476015289.jpg?k=43a6b0ca6451c304cd4dd8563fa9fcc23ff07583f37befb559c2d80374118c23&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "À la Santé 20 m"\n  - "Hayall Et 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Taisija"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Very clean, mostly quiet at night, very comfortable bed, nice bathroom and helpful host.
Would recommend for couples who want to stay close to Tirana city center in a small neat and clean room. Has a small working fridge and a tv.”"\n  - name: "Bernadette"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean, spacious, great location, staff very nice and held bags on the last day”"\n  - name: "Hichem"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I highly recommend SOIN Rooms for its comfiness, cleanliness, location and service. The hotel is just perfectly located, right in the center of Tirana, surrounded by restaurants and bars while being very quiet. The building and rooms are new,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/soin-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis aparthotel doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a slice of the city life with stunning city views that can be enjoyed from the comfort of your room. Each unit is meticulously designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring a wardrobe, a private bathroom with a bidet and slippers, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning. For those who desire a little extra, selected rooms boast balconies where one can soak in the urban atmosphere of Tirana.

Beyond the rooms, Soin Rooms ensures a seamless stay with amenities such as complimentary WiFi, an elevator for easy access, and luggage storage space for convenience. Whether it's a stroll in Rinia Park, a visit to the artistic Reja - The Cloud, or a reflective moment at the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the property is ideally located near popular points of interest that invite exploration.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport merely 16 km away, making Soin Rooms a compelling choice for both domestic and international travelers. This aparthotel stands out as a beacon of modernity and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay in the vibrant city of Tirana.