---\ntitle: "Sokolli Guest House"\ndescription: "Sokolli Guest House emerges as a serene retreat in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the tranquil Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467004477.jpg?k=3bd95b278c687323f57f4f14d32422c46fdf5290897bc5db86b5e1acd1a7b6c2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sokolli-guest-house\naddress: "Rruga Gjin Bue Shpata, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07109975\n  lng: 20.14258919\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467004477.jpg?k=3bd95b278c687323f57f4f14d32422c46fdf5290897bc5db86b5e1acd1a7b6c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450869629.jpg?k=750e1e878e78d513cdbf32f64e5db8f698f03db75e878f5bfa00f1e3a73bd29f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448170487.jpg?k=33006c2b896bcb4df09427095ccd786364a2690550a7234a53c380664ee257fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479708602.jpg?k=65362b58768ad40ea9feda95fa394214b8a1d0a0a2582c2f005a124529904f03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464793270.jpg?k=57e17d49bd529c9f810a08e054a86c56ee6cc8518b8eee1fcb4aab106c35e6af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450880094.jpg?k=34926e019638784015778e96a35edca7ae85d03674cea2f353eed3712d9b72af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Tradicionale Sokolli 250 m"\n  - "Te Kalaja 400 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The hosts were very nice and friendly.
The place is very clean and comfortable, very near to the castle and the area with the nicest traditional stone houses.
It is a quiet neighborhood, tucked in a side alley.
Bathrooms are nice, clean, with hot...”"\n  - name: "Camila"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything was very clean and tidy, the manager was very kind and gave us places to visit and always with a very good disposition, it includes an excellent breakfast with some products that they produce themselves! 💖”"\n  - name: "Johan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We had a warm welcome, they were very friendly and helpful, the accommodation was good and the view from the balcony was amazing, I can really recommend the stay, if you want to enjoy the view. And in my friends words, just perfect.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sokolli-guest-house-gjirokaster.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sokolli Guest House are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring shared bathrooms equipped with modern showers. Guests can stay connected with complimentary WiFi access, and select rooms boast the added luxury of a private balcony. For added convenience, every unit is furnished with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines modern amenities with the warmth of home.

Situated 82 km from Ioannina Airport, Sokolli Guest House presents an accessible escape for travelers seeking a blend of historical charm and contemporary comfort in the picturesque setting of Gjirokastër.