---\ntitle: "Sol Hotel"\ndescription: "Sol Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Shkodër, within the Shkoder County region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903017.jpg?k=ddf59f41ff86a80300a7ea32106336adc4f841674f136150320ccd76dedf72ba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sol-hotel\naddress: "Bulevardi Skënderbeu, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06623906\n  lng: 19.51444652\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 109\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903017.jpg?k=ddf59f41ff86a80300a7ea32106336adc4f841674f136150320ccd76dedf72ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903127.jpg?k=ce14cee625fa8a644d03cc3a3283cc926b72fe909fdace1764e8a58e9d58b0dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492751968.jpg?k=70c7a4e036907a5dfcf363ca4ba3043c9895f68f945d50281fc41a06ea375369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903272.jpg?k=bc648e064cf15ab7ecc6bc3d6f6655b99d56d62f4e661d27b18575d22da95787&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903087.jpg?k=464dcfcf6fcc0fd7aa540c4bd56bbdfd174a24ae9e5ace246bf9789cc7147420&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466903090.jpg?k=c0e0f240259f9ad153e636b4e610a1d6be38061f3909cb0b44c4afbf1db79aed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe 40 m"\n  - "Cafe Swiss 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.8 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“top location, brand new furniture, view to the main road”"\n  - name: "Igli"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is fantastic, in the center of the city, 20 meters from the main pedestrian street, which is full of bars and restaurants. The room and lobby are warm, furnished in a modern style with high quality equipment. Parking is safe. The...”"\n  - name: "Enida"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Excellent customer service , great location , friendly and positive staff , Netflix included and very clean rooms , highly recommended!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sol.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering complimentary WiFi across the premises, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. For families or groups, the availability of family rooms adds an extra layer of convenience, ensuring a comfortable stay for all parties involved.

Each room at Sol Hotel is thoughtfully equipped with essential amenities to enhance the guest experience. From a wardrobe for personal belongings to a private bathroom stocked with a hairdryer, the attention to detail is evident. Entertainment and comfort are not overlooked, with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning standard in all accommodations. Select rooms also boast a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to relax and unwind.

For those concerned with connectivity and productivity, the inclusion of a desk and kettle in every unit underscores the hotel's commitment to meeting the diverse needs of its guests.

Located 58 km from Podgorica Airport, Sol Hotel presents a viable option for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and thoughtful amenities in Shkodër.