---\ntitle: "SOL INVICTUS Boutique Hotel Durres Albania"\ndescription: "SOL INVICTUS Boutique Hotel Durres Albania emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486825552.jpg?k=cbc1b967ee653a2b9b7d0f810b4d81e25355ea7ac1cd8f46268f8b106be99346&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sol-invictus-boutique-hotel-durres-albania\naddress: "Rruga, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31683645\n  lng: 19.45427341\nprice: "US$155"\npriceFrom: 155\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 86\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486825552.jpg?k=cbc1b967ee653a2b9b7d0f810b4d81e25355ea7ac1cd8f46268f8b106be99346&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487146212.jpg?k=8ea7e2793b770bcff323235c7e442dab1d164d4ffa7ab960ab390c38eaca20ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486381066.jpg?k=e790997cb86b2b99adfbaff01b485829d2796bf2198efe8c69223fe36960d900&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487425834.jpg?k=547d72c123e4675f4e48e047f451c52ec9e5779fab68e9cb98d03cb715a359e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486825487.jpg?k=dd118050e98c3251a5a9d30242a223266f29590909a5dea7b5656f2784698df9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486109767.jpg?k=5128a4fa568133b2ef8fc13e6718d0b5376366d61b44e36592f2197be81b82dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with City View"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "King Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tedis Bar 50 m"\n  - "Liburnia Vitamin Aga 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 500 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 800 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 950 m"\n  - "1. Maj 1.1 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It was the best 4 stars hotel that we have stayed in the Balkans. Everything was of really good quality and newly renovated: the towels, the bedsheets, the furniture, everything in the bathroom. Looks like someone is really paying attention to the...”"\n  - name: "Aniko"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was super clean and modern, everything is still brand new. They served a pretty decent breakfast with a very tasty freshly squeezed orange juice.”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Brand new, super clean with friendly staff, small boutique hotel. Just half of the floor in the building with nice cafe on the the ground floor. 50m from the bus station. Good value for money. Huge room. Comfortable bed. Tea, coffee available for...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sol-invictus-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Boutique Charm"\nbestCategories: "Boutique Charm"\ncategory: "Boutique Charm"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a dedicated 24-hour front desk, ready to assist with luggage storage and ensure a seamless check-in process. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of complimentary WiFi and free private parking, catering to the needs of modern travelers.

The accommodations at SOL INVICTUS Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, a safety deposit box, and a flat-screen TV. The private bathrooms, complete with showers, are stocked with fresh towels and bed linen, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel's doors, Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, at 38 km and 42 km respectively. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 32 km away, makes SOL INVICTUS Boutique Hotel an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers.

With its strategic location, impeccable service, and well-appointed rooms, SOL INVICTUS Boutique Hotel Durres Albania stands out as a premier destination for those seeking to experience the charm and history of Durrës in a refined setting.