---\ntitle: "Soleil Apartment with sunbed & umbrella"\ndescription: "Soleil Apartment with sunbed & umbrella stands as a prime example of beachfront luxury in Vlorë, offering guests an unparalleled experience mere steps from the pristine Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905629.jpg?k=2b39698204843ddcf73bebede43874061235a243bb9a8afcc82156c974eb4440&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: soleil-apartment-with-sunbed-umbrella\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9404 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.456189\n  lng: 19.47188101\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905629.jpg?k=2b39698204843ddcf73bebede43874061235a243bb9a8afcc82156c974eb4440&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905804.jpg?k=8a9e83aceaf773c620043b3442d05c486e11465f50a083ed33253a54b8a4ccfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905778.jpg?k=1e0188e97dc88e4b58d108132c067490ddf985794b117439372454410a4110cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905840.jpg?k=5b25f67ce6428d225a91a7b3659865a134f3b1c8394f80e6ea9acb1533a07dc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905826.jpg?k=3a5d9b991cb3a84bc76860d9e25cc43242d1ce6d7463afd0fbf34c8e84438c5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905858.jpg?k=fccb1169bd25858ca62868ced4e04aa4243c1512ad17afef8afd40233aad190b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905838.jpg?k=a32b864327e13b9acdae1e5400b0796e4dd5c144497bf3ebe2570b62b890e7eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477905788.jpg?k=f1d3e3dce862470328616c2b0efff3d37ae0c366753ab829284537be19ce6ec7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485848106.jpg?k=11850fe9b4cb3b94fb15c09e0da62d39dc65963a8add16704a8cfd3a306928a0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 20 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Trenton"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Great place on a great stretch of beach! Nice quiet well-appointed suite, beautiful water view and sunbeds and umbrella provided! Everything you need for a nice stay including toiletries, comfortable bed, beach towels - all in a beautiful...”"\n  - name: "Nina"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“We had an amazing stay at Soleil Apartment! The flat is very well located, close to everything (10-15 minutes to the sea promenade or to the city center), and right at the beach with a beautiful view to the sea. The area is very quiet to sleep at...”"\n  - name: "Simone"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Locale super pulito e moderno!
dotato di tutto!
proprietarari molto gentili e disponibili”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/soleil-apartment-with-sunbed-amp-umbrella.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nPositioned just a short distance from the heart of Vlorë, the apartment is a mere 3.2 km from the historic Independence Square and a comfortable 2.5 km journey to the popular Vlore Beach. For those seeking a smoke-free environment, Soleil Apartment ensures a clean and fresh setting, further enhanced by the ease of elevator access.

Guests are treated to a generously sized apartment featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a modern bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and the added luxury of a bidet and a dressing room for ultimate comfort. The living space is designed for relaxation and entertainment, equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, a cozy dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen for those moments when dining in feels just right. The highlight, however, is the private balcony, where breathtaking sea views await, promising serene mornings and enchanting evenings under the Vlorë sky.

Air-conditioned for your comfort, the apartment ensures a pleasant stay regardless of the season. For those interested in exploring, the historic Kuzum Baba is just 3.7 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history.

For international travelers, the journey to Soleil Apartment is made easy with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 151 km away, ensuring that this exquisite beachfront retreat is within reach for a memorable getaway in Vlorë.