---\ntitle: "Solen Apartments"\ndescription: "Solen Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387915784.jpg?k=5d75e2d4e5c8c21db6b375e4138353336c10fa0f761023877da7fc4a8ea84c11&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: solen-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Kont Urani, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31464167\n  lng: 19.43955127\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387915784.jpg?k=5d75e2d4e5c8c21db6b375e4138353336c10fa0f761023877da7fc4a8ea84c11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387979132.jpg?k=67fdd1a1687845d6f05202f57ed195f900247c0c4c162bf656bfa23d327628bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387979520.jpg?k=fe80739c907015635120512c0484f1ec9213f6856a589e4512461b19fe186b6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470108768.jpg?k=9177971cbf79f58e6dd422a73a83cdabce6ef2973d2af75754bc9049480c28a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387974092.jpg?k=6c4de541f1cf66b7cb051659deaeb6b8cbd495a1bcac4190c5bd11ade30dd829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387979016.jpg?k=65bc9af81c9d7ba25885d8a68fa21c0dfdc87196d36df90b47f4cf3963117b70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387979377.jpg?k=a9c3a96a7590c073df45e73bdb87b838f0a3ab6688b6592184cba39ca40cac40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387915723.jpg?k=abd902b29417833653ad221b5a9da8ae6129a282af356ee0aa351c327541e5d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387979261.jpg?k=669e70b0bbc512852b66e49b0083715faa6c5f0b8fb0b31951829a2fed9f387c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Terrazza Rooftop Wine Bar 100 m"\n  - "Marvi 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 450 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 750 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 400 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 550 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 750 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 800 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 900 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kinga"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything! The apartment was very clean, spacious and well equipped. Perfect for longer stay - you can cook dinner and eat it at the big table or do your laundry. We slept very well because of comfortable mattress. There is also a lovely view...”"\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo fajny apartament w korzystnej cenie, kompleksowo i wygodnie urządzony . Czyściutko :) wszystkie niezbędne urządzenia na wyposażeniu . Polecam:)Dobra lokalizacja 1000m od plaży oraz od centrum . Polecam dla 2 osób.”"\n  - name: "Maddalena"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento pulitissimo attrezzato molto bene, il Signore e la Signora disponibilissi, gentilissimi e secondo me non mi poteva capitare di meglio. Grazie”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/solen-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring a bedroom designed for relaxation, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting an array of cable channels, and a kitchen that leaves no culinary desire unmet. With a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop at guests' disposal, the convenience is unparalleled. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home, while the private entrance to the accommodation ensures an undisturbed stay.

Located just a short stroll from the picturesque Currila Beach, and within easy reach of Kallmi Beach, Solen Apartments positions itself as a gateway to the coastal delights of Durrës. For those looking to explore further, Skanderbeg Square offers a cultural excursion 39 km away. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 34 km from the property, underscores the apartment's appeal to both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Solen Apartments stands out for its thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and the promise of a tranquil retreat amidst the vibrant backdrop of Durrës.