---\ntitle: "Soleil Summer Apartments"\ndescription: "Soleil Summer Apartments emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Golem, boasting an enviable location just a stone's throw away from the pristine Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and a short drive from the tranquil Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460932712.jpg?k=912768e668420a4a6f1a83464f0214987ef24a221fbc2b96012237a27d4179af&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: soleil-summer-apartments\naddress: "Rruga e kompleksit, Golem, Durres, 2000 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2644807\n  lng: 19.52053499\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460932712.jpg?k=912768e668420a4a6f1a83464f0214987ef24a221fbc2b96012237a27d4179af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457299172.jpg?k=cf4b1cd11c4659f03aed82352c1e8a167849619c64e4a8df72369dba50485613&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457299236.jpg?k=50a87d298e1c11dec2c85e1708d7dd95e7a19cf54d83c3ba3a293429fac84ec2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457299182.jpg?k=31a40c5a3a067ac7ca356a711d28a94ede777a2756545ce41152c62cdc87ed36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457299188.jpg?k=946d8bac29da88b28d66c0b487fea02c31140ce368dc157f86f2ea5b770244e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457299168.jpg?k=221b523e26f8da5f5acc919439bd7e115b1d83951c4e169bd324c5009483b546&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sevian Pizza & Snack 30 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Spacious apartament, comfortable beds, very nice owner, perfect location, recomended!”"\n  - name: "Jelena"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Very good location just near the sea, pelant of shops and restaurants around. The owner is very helpful and friendly, solving quickly all the requests. Good value for the money”"\n  - name: "Entela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The view from the balcony. The comfort of the apartment. Tje distance from both seaside and swimming pool. Near the seaside Promenade.. It was very nice for a family. I will go back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/soleil-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to the convenience of complimentary private parking and the luxury of free WiFi throughout the premises. The commitment to comfort and health is evident in the provision of allergy-free units, ensuring a restful stay for all visitors.

Each apartment at Soleil Summer Apartments is a blend of functionality and comfort, featuring a private bathroom equipped with a modern shower and hair dryer for a home-away-from-home experience. The presence of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in every unit adds a touch of modernity, while selected rooms elevate the living experience with a cozy seating area. The addition of heating facilities ensures a comfortable stay regardless of the season.

Located a mere 44 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 48 km from the scenic Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the apartments serve as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscape of the area. For those looking to venture further, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 38 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for effortless travel arrangements.

Soleil Summer Apartments stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility in the picturesque setting of Golem.