---\ntitle: "Sonce - Tirana"\ndescription: "Sonce - Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365581296.jpg?k=951bd4979fddb1153dfbe8039129b97f40e6abe6ee7b7cbae1b92b41847cbcfb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sonce-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Grameno 167, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3246902\n  lng: 19.8409939\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 114\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365581296.jpg?k=951bd4979fddb1153dfbe8039129b97f40e6abe6ee7b7cbae1b92b41847cbcfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412595744.jpg?k=af3b97bb96e7eb93d73df6f8bb165c6f5809dec129b101876cdafed2fdac3719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365581471.jpg?k=6e53a4516e9c33832012a70a7b547c7fe9e51e454368ffb4af028f9741f7e1ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437151852.jpg?k=6b9183fb1f1bdfa33938afcb7061453f21d6624d67262cf230f7925f8a1b1fe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365582592.jpg?k=9b1ac62892c218e0a7b5369dfd342b9293a73f956b1a50234ec193d5f3e79330&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412595615.jpg?k=3bca6f72322794b9b20b5277f7db93c18b5c19b87c7852fb1073ed37e8718e1f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 300 m"\n  - "Bar Bilardo Luis 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robertalonso"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was spacious, clean, and quiet. The hosts were kind and welcoming. I was received with a cup of coffee brought to me and fruit from the garden.”"\n  - name: "Marek"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Clean, spacious, nice people, beautiful fruit garden”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The room is located in a beautiful fruit garden and is equipped with all necessary necessities, a good kitchen, internet and clean. In addition, the woman and man are very nice people. The apartment is outside the center, but it gives a more local...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sonce-tirana-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe property distinguishes itself with its array of amenities, offering air-conditioned rooms complemented by the luxury of free private parking and seamless WiFi connectivity. Each room is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting tiled floors and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and dining area. Entertainment and comfort are ensured with the inclusion of a TV and a private bathroom equipped with a shower. Select units elevate the experience further, featuring either a balcony or a patio, each with an outdoor dining area, inviting guests to dine under the open sky.

Beyond the confines of its rooms, Sonce - Tirana invites guests to immerse themselves in the tranquility of its garden or bask in the warmth on its sun terrace, weather permitting. This feature adds a layer of relaxation to the stay, offering a perfect setting for unwinding after a day of exploration.

The guest house's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Bektashi World Centre, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre enriches the stay experience, providing easy access to a mix of spiritual, cultural, and retail therapy. For those traveling by air, the convenience is further amplified by the close proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 17 km away.

In summary, Sonce - Tirana presents itself as an ideal lodging option for those looking to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of Tirana's offerings, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed guest house.