---\ntitle: "Sonche Hostel"\ndescription: "Sonche Hostel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471648708.jpg?k=322fadeac8a534e09d64716ff28aef2163dba0580ac643cd8d384d4f771e1973&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sonche-hostel\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës 2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32645899\n  lng: 19.80955789\nprice: "US$10"\npriceFrom: 10\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471648708.jpg?k=322fadeac8a534e09d64716ff28aef2163dba0580ac643cd8d384d4f771e1973&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449322660.jpg?k=9df555a27f300ac105fceb379b9ac7cc9bd32c571a9be18e00ad4c9a2345d7d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449322708.jpg?k=4653e5316eee4a563fb312a7d2faed299f529b3722be0d32b2d68027fde406c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449322663.jpg?k=8969c5cf892b910ec7c9b63ba5c68c7e3330364fa879cf2ab5da0a2dfab09a46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449322700.jpg?k=9046aa68e957f875a2590e4ec0152a40edbbdc6ee66f5a1ab6d224df911ff851&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449321837.jpg?k=2fa95f84186c7c4439f41185262c301cb3425fd1ee82ab13745ded187fc81086&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Luara 100 m"\n  - "Vergnano 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Perrero"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The rooms were simple but clean, and they had everything I needed for a comfortable stay. The location was great too, with easy access to the city center and all the main attractions. Overall, it was a pleasant and budget-friendly option for my...”"\n  - name: "Cali"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Hey there! So I recently stayed at Sonche hostel in Tirana, Albania and had a great experience! The rooms were clean and comfy, and the common areas had a cozy and welcoming vibe. The location was convenient, with easy access to nearby attractions...”"\n  - name: "Shkalla"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The Hostel is very good, it is always clean and organized, it has a positive energy, it has comfortable beds, space to put bags and clothes, as well as a space inside the bed to put small objects. The price is fair for the quality. I recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sonche-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe hostel distinguishes itself with its array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. Complimentary WiFi and access to a shared kitchen underscore Sonche Hostel's commitment to providing a home away from home. The communal lounge and terrace invite guests to unwind and socialize, offering picturesque city views that capture the essence of Tirana's vibrant urban landscape.

Accommodations at Sonche Hostel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room boasts essential furnishings, including a wardrobe for personal belongings, and benefits from air conditioning to provide a respite from the Mediterranean warmth. The shared bathroom facilities are maintained to high standards, prioritizing cleanliness and convenience.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the hostel's proximity to significant landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it effortless to immerse oneself in Albania's storied past and lively present. For those traveling to or from Tirana, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, facilitating smooth transitions to and from the hostel.

In summary, Sonche Hostel stands out as an exemplary choice for travelers who value both the exploration of Tirana's enchanting streets and the solace of a welcoming, well-equipped accommodation.