---\ntitle: "Spacious Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Spacious Sea View Apartment in Sarandë stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, mere steps away from the pristine Saranda City Beach and a short stroll from the bustling Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395172.jpg?k=dda624ad14c890f814b357cd1489915b88b396e48ad18329d8e99b2e29861ce1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spacious-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Onhezmi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8750213\n  lng: 20.0059112\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395172.jpg?k=dda624ad14c890f814b357cd1489915b88b396e48ad18329d8e99b2e29861ce1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395214.jpg?k=6bf019a283cfd193e889844573cdff4464d03baaa99c3f4f5c2e1208d783f409&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395258.jpg?k=14da4e70a94895e87957d18f9b5a6d2229e502f797fac7b4af282f1408679a4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395230.jpg?k=c09846991940a78428483c82ae74c123cc7cc6925d6e362d245d6b54c3e2b925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485003192.jpg?k=d4581556769e42c2e64e54f466398558d22d70c450d16331ef7e684b285cc1ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395207.jpg?k=3ed4967978ee3b3324a4555e54c6cbcec8bd4265ef345ca5535e7d85f2417a4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395261.jpg?k=190c1bf9f025b25f1766dc8adf64420b1bf929cc20d3cc9a5b66294e31bd4eee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409395218.jpg?k=772bb691242c8940fa2928cc7b6d3d17b70ecfc2bd9bc97075227efa0c9c137b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485002986.jpg?k=98590861c8edca4f5a8ed61b971b03082b57137cd3d441af86387b0c04e5a652&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Nona Qebaptore 40 m"\n  - "Oda e Babës 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 700 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great apartment on the 9th floor in the center of Saranda. Everything is within walking distance. There is a car parking space in the underground garage of the house. The best thing is the large balcony with a truly breathtaking view over the bay....”"\n  - name: "Yaxi"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“comfortable and spacious apartment. Beds, living room, sleep rooms are all good. we enjoyed beautiful sea view in the balcony. And the hostess Alvina and Anxhela are very nice and helpful. thanks!”"\n  - name: "Hirmiz"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Près du centre tout était proche petit supermarchés boulangerie etc”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spacious-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, ensuring ample room for families or groups. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful touches such as high-quality bed linen, plush towels, and a terrace that presents breathtaking sea views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a cozy dining area, and a kitchen equipped with everything needed for a home-cooked meal, making it an ideal setting for both short and long stays.

Adding to the comfort, the apartment features a private entrance and soundproofing, providing a peaceful and undisturbed experience. For those looking to explore beyond the city, the historic Butrint National Park is just 17 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Located 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Spacious Sea View Apartment serves as a perfect base for both leisure and adventure in the beautiful city of Sarandë, promising an unforgettable stay with its blend of convenience, comfort, and stunning views.