---\ntitle: "Spacious apartment in luxury residence"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of comfort and convenience at the Spacious Apartment in Luxury Residence, located in the serene town of Çeliku."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090547.jpg?k=35ef7605e77cf775248c99d135deb1f9a372fc79bbcac14c64b173923f7ecc47&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spacious-apartment-in-luxury-residence\naddress: "Rruga Vilave, 1001 Çeliku, Albania"\ncity: "Çeliku"\nlocation: "Çeliku"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2837267\n  lng: 19.85933527\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090547.jpg?k=35ef7605e77cf775248c99d135deb1f9a372fc79bbcac14c64b173923f7ecc47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090614.jpg?k=0db543a8d66e32ae90e799afdf7e8aea7d56c7ea96b3109b75b76e478c5544ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090699.jpg?k=8d9eac81aa9161d759336c283ff431c9b814469de7a904a126be2e3c8f44e464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090628.jpg?k=c9d40ca52162155b3e2f9a1a987a52b047b00ca7ce99d58fe7dce0af3d908654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090721.jpg?k=fdf622656c8df0bfb3c820ce13bf942b1e05b5192ba57ee17554007faf074463&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090602.jpg?k=0e371ae87c31ba7daac358181a2f87096e23f45b55f42b04c303f9e4a3c25b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090641.jpg?k=00c95df4b628eed41d94e02d201823ee66eca256fb1ba5ceb4e14ec81137e60a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415090588.jpg?k=a262bc25f07f02247ccce52f2ca53eab1648c5cb2dc8e813a87eb867543eaf5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513753864.jpg?k=896b1faa6f5dfcf1722ac1e5dc33e5c57616b4046bf3245addbd448e80e18f66&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ottomans Oriental Cuisine 200 m"\n  - "KFC 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 3.8 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 4.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 4.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 4.8 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.9 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 75 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yury"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and quiet location, spacious apartment, private parking, big shopping centers in just 5 minutes of walk.”"\n  - name: "Wilhelmina"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Super attente gastvrouw Heel behulpzaam Echt een aanrader Mooie ligging lux zwembad levendige omgeving !!!”"\n  - name: "Daniel522"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Modern, spacious one-bedroom apartment. iWalking distance to Tirana's largest shopping mall (TEG). Short bus ride from downtown. Facilities include a swimming pool. Entela is a great hostess. Would definitely stay there again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spacious-apartment-in-luxury-residence.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nBoasting a private pool, complimentary high-speed WiFi, and ample private parking for those arriving by car, this air-conditioned apartment ensures a seamless stay from start to finish. Positioned a mere 8.4 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, with the tranquil Rock of Kavaje 49 km away and the historic Saint Paul Cathedral just 7 km from the doorstep, guests are perfectly placed to explore the rich tapestry of the area's attractions.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, featuring one bedroom, a bathroom, and a living area that opens onto a balcony with picturesque garden views. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a dining area, and a fully-equipped kitchen allows guests to enjoy all the comforts of home. The outdoor dining area invites guests to savor meals al fresco while soaking in the serene atmosphere of the surrounding landscape. Designed with health in mind, the apartment is both allergy-free and non-smoking, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests.

For those looking to unwind, the property's garden offers a peaceful escape, while adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car just 10 km away. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within easy reach at 7.5 km, adding a touch of historical intrigue to the visit. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 21 km from the residence, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

The Spacious Apartment in Luxury Residence is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Çeliku and beyond, promising an unforgettable getaway for all who visit.