---\ntitle: "Spacious City Paradise - 3BR Apt in the Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Spacious City Paradise - 3BR Apt in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a freshly updated gem, strategically positioned to offer guests the quintessence of Tirana's urban experience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226644.jpg?k=99edaf44ae7cb32fa38bf653b02252c351621eb38342a1dfd6b5183f61f3012c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spacious-city-paradise-3br-apt-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Ishmi, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32639356\n  lng: 19.8291656\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226644.jpg?k=99edaf44ae7cb32fa38bf653b02252c351621eb38342a1dfd6b5183f61f3012c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226858.jpg?k=03cbdb8a4714d2429306310b6572289ce8b6134fbce49be6a3cfeeeadd0032c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226691.jpg?k=37ea67aef90347718aa8598e64506c920a466b5dcf1d6795b4061ef2eee441a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226758.jpg?k=a54beb3a3ad7adf2bb54bb467f34f7131f85aecb4a4b76391cdd0e6d2b1f487f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226847.jpg?k=532269cd6187f9c799ed5f15e7461ace4360ca9b7f7bf34b5f00764a729076b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226645.jpg?k=be54df17301b7391dca02e4a2060b17b9f20d5c97fd0e818472b44c9d28ef139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226690.jpg?k=cf535200ff0ebc1c840fc4284b4408ac5dd48a85e501047e501d7c06b8a7da3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226739.jpg?k=fc9f631742ca0e8602dac013dfa679a5ad28910d960faaf5eb5f174f8a37eae1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512226840.jpg?k=d7717efc49f649d0c7bf6883d0ec5a805746281ca6a0de67f90a421974bc947b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Erlin bar 30 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kucana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Our stay was very nice in this apartment. It was very clean and tidy , with a lots of amenities. The air conditioning worked very well. The area was very quiet and near to the center. I really recommend staying here !”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spacious-city-paradise-4r-apt-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in spacious and modern living, featuring three well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with essential amenities such as bed linen and towels. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. A dining area and a fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, whether it's a quick breakfast or a full dinner. Adding to the charm is a balcony that presents tranquil street views, inviting guests to enjoy a moment of peace amidst the city's hustle and bustle. The entire property is a non-smoking zone, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

For those keen on delving into Tirana's cultural scene, the apartment is conveniently located near the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 17 km away, making Spacious City Paradise - 3BR Apt in the Heart of Tirana not only a comfortable retreat but also a gateway to the vibrant life and culture of Albania's capital.