---\ntitle: "Spacious 2 bedroom apartment in Durres Beach"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at the Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment in Durres Beach, a recently updated haven located just a stone's throw from the pristine sands of Durres Beach and a mere 37 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435143710.jpg?k=5ab89e3cf73fbe8d4580199ebb8af4f03ea53e022197ef513411452fbc067809&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spacious-2-bedroom-apartment-in-durres-beach\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.313699\n  lng: 19.475383\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435143710.jpg?k=5ab89e3cf73fbe8d4580199ebb8af4f03ea53e022197ef513411452fbc067809&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148802.jpg?k=88c3b34e597635ed9aec4ba23facfa268aee6c2a825a1e276d1d4e1d0a541866&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148816.jpg?k=4f35b36ea9eaa66a84ece990d6c374581a7054d3389bf710b0449c35162e1803&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148812.jpg?k=bbca63441973b19c66b9a31b656aa05b870068347f7625692f579b6ff7219a3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148804.jpg?k=75fa35c7e7b02b5cebd19474987353d91c7a02b4e48edc2d6412e31360af5c40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148826.jpg?k=75958217a3e069c3c4921fe331cdfc628d580ac768eb15041b2a2bee2f454bfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148809.jpg?k=32d201c2632df2ff89b1cf2870358e1849e10d5f4adad791cbd9b06027e94fc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148820.jpg?k=fd6ab1410866b9617ff17300677861fdc0e5e89bfc36d212b8b3a3d5b3688322&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435148805.jpg?k=84fe3b1b0eb97aa5fbb0c5a95b1d816e053cb613c21e7d82c5a5ea280934c0f1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rizai 10 m"\n  - "Troy Piceri Grill House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sonya"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“n terms of price and quality, this accommodation was very good. We was there only one night, but we still enjoyed it a lot. 1 minute from the beach.”"\n  - name: "Sofia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“The apartment was at a great location right next to the beach, it was perfect! The owner was so helpful and polite. We enjoyed everything and would definately go back!”"\n  - name: "Johnmcm"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Check in was super-easy, we were met at the apartment at the time we arranged. Excellent communication throughout.
Apartment was great, we were only there for one night, but it's a good setup for a longer stay.
Literally yards from the beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sea-facing-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in comfort and style, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with fresh linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those evenings in. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen provide everything needed for a home-cooked meal, which can be enjoyed on the balcony overlooking the sea. The added benefit of a private entrance enhances the sense of exclusivity and privacy for guests.

For those everyday essentials, a minimarket on-site means convenience is always at hand. Explorers eager to venture beyond the beach will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 41 km away, offering scenic rides, while the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 7.6 km from the apartment, presents a unique local attraction. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 31 km away, with the apartment facilitating airport transfers and offering a car rental service to ensure seamless travel arrangements.

The Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment in Durres Beach stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the beauty of the Albanian coast.