---\ntitle: "Spahiu Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Spahiu Guesthouse emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach and a leisurely stroll from the vibrant Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360254027.jpg?k=6e74c68312905cb5072673f2e3d140be6d99cbc23d1e3f3b46dbdf0ed23c727b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spahiu-guesthouse\naddress: "ksamil nr 2, 9702 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77101986\n  lng: 20.00866435\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 107\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360254027.jpg?k=6e74c68312905cb5072673f2e3d140be6d99cbc23d1e3f3b46dbdf0ed23c727b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360253863.jpg?k=4ea02341d3a4978d49f1293e4822dd5b251322c856162ffce440ce53484eef33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360253949.jpg?k=d1611cdf41f4d2e9f95b0f480a3ade6ac128065fdd47413e4f37bd2c3e1d79e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360253870.jpg?k=5664aa7b7d4e9898f6195dd884bc70f2989caef98abb9e012003a85b71b0e0a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360253885.jpg?k=af824b9a7e6d7a5d66bb27f8c57bed8e34169e7954271326198e677e55d9c2a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360253856.jpg?k=2df788e72b53c1afe8f6648aa383e91446956948832d4e4bfe6391d95305cb33&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Güray"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The property was clean, comfortable and spacious. The location was safe and quiet. The host was friendly. It is a good price/performance place to stay. It is close (about 5 minutes on foot) to the centre, restaurant and the beaches. I recommend...”"\n  - name: "Klara"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“- good location, in a quiet street near the center and the beach
- very spacious apartment, with all the equipment needed, and a huge veranda
- very clean”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The place was lovely, clean, spacious,owners were very friendly. We would definitely stay again. Very good communication. Great value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spahiu-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe allure of Spahiu Guesthouse extends to its well-appointed accommodations, where comfort meets convenience. Each apartment is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the warm Mediterranean climate. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a seating area and a flat-screen TV with cable channels, catering to guests' entertainment needs. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area allows for an intimate, home-cooked meal, further enhancing the homely ambiance of the guesthouse.

Safety and privacy are paramount, with each unit boasting a safety deposit box and a private bathroom outfitted with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. The charm of the guesthouse is amplified by the private balconies that feature an outdoor dining area, where guests can dine al fresco while soaking in the breathtaking mountain views. The provision of bed linen and towels adds a touch of convenience to the overall stay.

Situated merely 1.1 km from the lively Bora Bora Beach and a short drive from the historical Butrint National Park, Spahiu Guesthouse offers an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For international travelers, the Corfu International Airport is located 93 km away, making the guesthouse an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a tranquil yet engaging stay, Spahiu Guesthouse stands out as a premier choice for travelers venturing to Ksamil.