---\ntitle: "Spiranca Downtown Comfort"\ndescription: "Spiranca Downtown Comfort emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082139.jpg?k=dc4fa0bf4ab976c9dbe211566aebe9020a5b430a92dc9fbb116d67c7f48de0e8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: spiranca-downtown-comfort\naddress: "Rruga Kajo Karafili 2 Apartment No 33 , Floor 6 , Second Entrance, 1057 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32866324\n  lng: 19.81380713\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082139.jpg?k=dc4fa0bf4ab976c9dbe211566aebe9020a5b430a92dc9fbb116d67c7f48de0e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082134.jpg?k=b1e5d88120bc52ecd4423f2de31c987c64ed31272854869dbd3b8149da960da0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082146.jpg?k=cd7614d8b71d0dcc4083e76f5940ae0df4e440792ae0b40a22d895d9880e6534&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082128.jpg?k=c5c66af7165ea31eef065c9eb02166e093dc7839dfc64c2eab675b2d61fd0c12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523802172.jpg?k=2d9980e9a511b7225a9681ff58d4475d3a099b06d83a2f7c2606437401ab6e0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082144.jpg?k=8d8d8008252e34775c642b139e4b680410c0162f8cd31db81c57ba1ffabceb17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082141.jpg?k=e307804a0d00bec9fd6fc40ba9e62f89d60c15adbccf61fd67453257ea3b54b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508630051.jpg?k=78e9be2cfc9e8376bf377ae4425bae69a3d3078524a7688037e2c94efc07bd59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507082109.jpg?k=09b640e1b5f5ef246c0f6f4c3fc51a1d4f1ff19af73b74ea72e28d1e2dd4946f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Good free WiFi (20 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Gusto Bistro 30 m"\n  - "Panja Tirana 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Heins"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“2 minutes walking distance from main Square of Tirana. New modern building with everything inside . I will come back at this place for sure”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host were very kind and welcoming, the center was 5 min away by walk, I really enjoyed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/spiranca-downtown-comfort.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is equipped with modern amenities designed to cater to the needs of every guest. It features a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, making in-room dining both easy and enjoyable. The living space is thoughtfully arranged with a flat-screen TV and a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The bathroom is modern, equipped with a walk-in shower, and the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home. For those with sensitivities, the apartment's allergy-free and non-smoking environment is a breath of fresh air.

Spiranca Downtown Comfort doesn't stop at just providing a comfortable stay. The property ensures peace of mind with full-day security, an elevator for easy access, and complimentary WiFi throughout. Additional conveniences include luggage storage, private check-in and check-out, and even a currency exchange service, making every aspect of the stay seamless.

For guests needing essentials or a quick snack, the on-site minimarket is a handy resource. Moreover, the apartment's location is unbeatable for those eager to explore Tirana's rich history and culture. Just a stone's throw away are notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the House of Leaves, offering a glimpse into Albania's past and present.

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Spiranca Downtown Comfort also offers a paid shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property. This apartment stands out as an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking for a hassle-free stay in Tirana.