---\ntitle: "Square INN Garden Aparthotel"\ndescription: "Square INN Garden Aparthotel emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a blend of convenience and comfort for travelers seeking a home away from home."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513844676.jpg?k=8bab54519349d8c3f75f6812a1b08472c806bb3aa8d0efd86d8d89213537a84d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: square-inn-garden-aparthotel\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës Garden Building, Kulla A, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32686465\n  lng: 19.80593647\nprice: "US$102"\npriceFrom: 102\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513844676.jpg?k=8bab54519349d8c3f75f6812a1b08472c806bb3aa8d0efd86d8d89213537a84d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509386290.jpg?k=8490d7eacef1efff9d2858e477cdbdcabd6afe7fddbb2fe8bf748f4d5b9ce2da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509386045.jpg?k=34a1f17d9acd4ea82097d842fb57405d48433d6f61a40ec708a1b2d1ff5f64e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509385977.jpg?k=d09592a6d7d33994b29699b4db73cd859acc0832295a33a7eddf7e5aa749d47f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509385908.jpg?k=aedc06b2bca30e475bb1d907d62e59874035df7596234ed5843e705309866001&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509385813.jpg?k=2c16b17114f04d418a8e1d36a318f95b1b2a6a31c047b8d5a4ca9f540e03c85a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (82 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Creperie One 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Vila 7 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1,000 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, the owner, the communication, perfect design, luxury amenities, great location, and the view OMG you must experienced that view”"\n  - name: "Koceku"\n    country: "Algeria"\n    text: "“What did we like? Eveything from the moment we arrived until the morning we left. Caring team (forgive us for not knowing your names), supported by them at all time, very comfortable accommodation, modern design, luxury amenities.”"\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Le lit bébé À 15 minutes de la place Skanderbeg
Grande cuisine”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/square-inn-garden-aparthotel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Square INN Garden Aparthotel are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment boasts a well-equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, ensuring that guests can prepare their meals with ease. The inclusion of a safety deposit box, satellite flat-screen TV, ironing facilities, and a dedicated workspace caters to both leisure and business travelers. The comfort extends to the living area, furnished with a sofa for relaxation, while the private bathroom offers a walk-in shower, bathrobes, slippers, and a hairdryer, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. Furthermore, the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit underscores the aparthotel's commitment to guest convenience.

The property's terrace presents a serene setting where guests can enjoy captivating views of the surrounding mountains and gardens, providing a perfect backdrop for unwinding. Practical amenities such as a 24-hour front desk, elevator access, and luggage storage facilities contribute to a hassle-free stay. Additionally, the on-site minimarket is a convenient resource for guests to grab essentials without having to leave the comfort of the aparthotel.

Square INN Garden Aparthotel's strategic location places guests within easy reach of notable attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, enriching their exploration of Tirana. For those venturing further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 6.5 km away, offering an adventurous escape to the mountains. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 14 km away, coupled with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensures seamless travel arrangements for arriving and departing guests.

In summary, Square INN Garden Aparthotel presents a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility in Tirana, making it a standout option for both short-term and extended stays.