---\ntitle: "Square 21 Apartments"\ndescription: "Square 21 Apartments emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422696390.jpg?k=4d97507318881bab6b9fb057f1e8052dc501084f26b83b24ac7ade09d42d0edb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: square-21-apartments\naddress: "Shefqet Musaraj Kompleksi Square 21, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32348123\n  lng: 19.79946656\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422696390.jpg?k=4d97507318881bab6b9fb057f1e8052dc501084f26b83b24ac7ade09d42d0edb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470170434.jpg?k=9a5932edbd9c0ec9992b025d897da1c6eb69f9a7518d9b55ffe542ec7b1fb936&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470170389.jpg?k=6b54db7d7c4e2a0186138e81385f6e163ade1e955613988a1e2475ef487bbfad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422696327.jpg?k=3134d4ea131247d212e72e29cc62fccf92810b0a831c659e8ddc9338b93cc086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406933115.jpg?k=eb4a47ce22d54ceedb5e0b4e8fb6d01156206fdaf55a92f9fea95c4fc419511a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422696500.jpg?k=14199498aed2f911754a60a3ace87a31850e63f2652fc7eb6c2da9906f9e6d54&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Themmas Kitchen 30 m"\n  - "Ancor Fish House 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 50 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is great, a good location, with a lot of different choices for food both in the square and nearby, covering all budgets.
I was met by Besa at the property on arrival. She was very helpful, and throughout my stay Besa checked to see...”"\n  - name: "Iain"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment team were very helpful before I arrived, providing clear directions to find the apartment (not always easy), making arrangements for an airport pickup and communicating well in good English.
The apartment was in great condition and...”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This is the second time I've stayed at Square 21 Apartments, and both times it has been fantastic!
I didn't need much, but I knew using Whatsapp I was only a message or call away from anything I needed. And I received messages through the week...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/square-21-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a testament to modern living, with each unit featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for those nights in. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, and kettle, adds a touch of home, while the private bathroom, outfitted with slippers, a walk-in shower, and a hair dryer, ensures a comfortable stay. Attention to detail is evident, with bed linen and towels provided for the utmost convenience of guests.

For those needing essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to every whim. Additionally, the opportunity to engage in sightseeing tours available in the neighborhood cannot be overlooked, offering an immersive experience into the local culture and sights.

Square 21 Apartments is not just about the amenities within but also about the treasures that lie nearby. Attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania are within easy reach, promising a memorable exploration of Albania's heritage. For travelers, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, coupled with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensures a hassle-free journey to and from this tranquil retreat.

In essence, Square 21 Apartments stands out as a prime choice for those seeking a blend of historical exploration and modern comfort, making every stay in Tirana an unforgettable one.