---\ntitle: "Square INN Modern Studio City Center"\ndescription: "Square INN Modern Studio City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424611720.jpg?k=c7ec51d388899cd967bf54afd10fc52c7d1830b095009b334ef47de503069636&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: square-inn-modern-studio-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, Tiranë 1001, Albania Pajtoni BUILDING, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33037071\n  lng: 19.81327215\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424611720.jpg?k=c7ec51d388899cd967bf54afd10fc52c7d1830b095009b334ef47de503069636&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441889202.jpg?k=f5f4800a9f81865db8ab1b302f64c316789d8eeee257b227a3f193bc29d10789&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424611646.jpg?k=9b8c0f084560e6a96c313b147cb423c41a753cd58f27caf2bd58ef16c563685e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424609666.jpg?k=722d1c95edc6333d6189ce1e35c8707e7805416ccc307d890a01ba75d4de4a68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424612111.jpg?k=0bd14dcff315162cd2861be5531b894e1d74753b5813a5bfbc74c574126bcf5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424611815.jpg?k=250da11823ba76d713cf0344842641d2c79c48268ddc484703e2df36e94b9b2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441889248.jpg?k=c7ef6713e71d9fccd9be31eb03828b38d826ef953172b4fcdfe64430f7d1aeee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424611818.jpg?k=99e36ae288f565f747158f1fbd473e7551812df165a875b31454834b914cded1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424609597.jpg?k=0494bc26cb641c2dae9b93078ee52b1d021f7eb75932a3dfc40d96b69c3e7ccc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (76 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Melbourne Bar 50 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Choi"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“This room is very clean, well equiped, and nice location(around 5min from square). Value per cost is super amazing. Staff was very kind. Ground floor, there is SPAR super market. So easily get grossaries. I was really satisfied!!!”"\n  - name: "Jurgen"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was new and clean! The room was fantastic with a perfect view during the sunset. The location in city center. Recommend 100%”"\n  - name: "Viktor"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The location of the apartment was amazing, the main square was like a 5 minute walk from there. It's a brand new building, so everything was modern and clean.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/square-inn-modern-studio-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe studio apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. Guests can enjoy the convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, making it easy to prepare meals just the way they like. The inclusion of a dining area adds a touch of home, while the balcony offers captivating city views, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen and towels, alongside a meticulous housekeeping service.

For those in need of essentials or a quick snack, the apartment's on-site minimarket proves incredibly convenient. Safety and security are paramount, with full-day security and a lift adding to the peace of mind for guests.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, with the added convenience of a paid airport shuttle service offered by the property.

Square INN Modern Studio City Center not only provides a comfortable and secure base for exploring Tirana but also ensures a stay that is as hassle-free as it is enjoyable.