---\ntitle: "SR99 Hotel"\ndescription: "SR99 Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360990516.jpg?k=5b138ebb39b7723c2cb25dd1c070eeeac229d6d9e9baaf15876a3ee745784ad2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sr99-hotel\naddress: "31 Rruga Isuf Elezi, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31661246\n  lng: 19.79826176\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 50\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360990516.jpg?k=5b138ebb39b7723c2cb25dd1c070eeeac229d6d9e9baaf15876a3ee745784ad2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336588341.jpg?k=ac90a827ec76dfc2f46f4479ce00fe04cb039bf0d9e6303e9f174e7c40773f00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331174001.jpg?k=187e85f4805ae6b0bd330657b5316b0ed282136cede556781735baeb1449619f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336586972.jpg?k=6e33367c90d0b0e54cbb3a71f58c5ff72f69f96e02c940304ff9a8856456f39d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331174027.jpg?k=84ffd346681c0509c441d5a3a2570c03ff950a7ff00436e4d28d921522f1c13f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/331174042.jpg?k=d7ab142b193a986fc55766515eb04fa6bd8ed3fb2747e7822abd6051ca266ac4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383495447.jpg?k=6c1d7ae118e176b01734325dc88733819a2a0df2a88b6d556e3ecfd4c73313c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383493216.jpg?k=b14db223cd57715943b266b8ed670c754ed58f6c6533b49e1bee69c9479c3567&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336586550.jpg?k=9c32b15748885087aa9f038f2cfbd73cc2eb5896957cd02e86d07f6c35250585&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Kasa 150 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Hakuna Matata 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Javier"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Clean and functional room. The mattress was very comfortable. Located in a residential area not very far from the centre. The receptionists are friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Highly recommended
One of the best hotels in Tirana. Great location and friendly staff. My room was so clean and comfortable. On top of that I had a delicious breakfast. Definitely gonna book my stay here for my next business trip in Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Elda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place is really beautiful and cozy you feel really warm and the Staff is really polite and friendly.Really comfortable and really good service”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sr99.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its array of facilities, including a shared lounge that invites guests to unwind in a communal yet intimate setting. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a desk and a flat-screen TV, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Select accommodations also feature balconies, offering a private outdoor space to enjoy the city's ambiance.

Service at SR99 Hotel is tailored to the needs of its guests, with room service and a 24-hour front desk ensuring that every request is met with prompt attention. For those eager to explore Tirana's historical tapestry, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha lies just 2.4 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje, a natural marvel, is within a manageable distance of 42 km.

Conveniently positioned 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, SR99 Hotel stands as a gateway for travelers to immerse themselves in the local culture and landscapes, making it an ideal base for those looking to explore the rich offerings of Tirana.