---
title: St06
description: The apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in the livi
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/471448304.jpg"
language: en
slug: st06
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

The apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring a comfortable stay for all guests. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in the living room adds a touch of modern comfort to the space. Moreover, the provision of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to guest privacy and security.

For those keen to explore beyond the immediate comforts of St06, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 48 km, offering an adventure into the scenic heights. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 5.8 km away, presents an opportunity for a cultural excursion. Further afield, Mali I Robit Beach and Skanderbeg Square are accessible at 1.7 km and 45 km, respectively, inviting guests to discover the diverse attractions the region has to offer.

Conveniently positioned 39 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, St06 serves as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration in this vibrant area. Whether seeking a peaceful retreat or an adventurous outing, guests will find this apartment to be a perfect fit for their travel needs.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}