---\ntitle: "Stadium Apartment"\ndescription: "Stadium Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519700267.jpg?k=2f36666766bc37cd3cde67f6b89ed5980f63ffb759381007a1487b4cd09791cd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stadium-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Faik Konica, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31875754\n  lng: 19.82695847\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.5\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 7.5\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519700267.jpg?k=2f36666766bc37cd3cde67f6b89ed5980f63ffb759381007a1487b4cd09791cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700255.jpg?k=089434e97a13d9cc6b88bf509d784b0f661b9647d56834a08edc0c1309368a87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700149.jpg?k=bd09b2391529ae88e36126c64b479b80d545ff09f76d49dff6f4038a0c91815d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700240.jpg?k=ceb48130172bc100597c0242b00cc02065514a8b6a91ccacd3d2026798ed690e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700248.jpg?k=3ed75548c4dc5c2df4dcc19d95995b66122a6cdc35abe64134f535dddf63ead2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700251.jpg?k=c809ab1a2c989d1258f855005fcedf164b10db069ecddc7ab73dbba9a7351db2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/519700259.jpg?k=bb12d540804098d34a704fffaf6508950c8ec8dc651768ff8c8971cfa8f149a2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zesty Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Yogurteria 2\\"\" 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 100 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stadium-apartment-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis one-bedroom haven is not just about its prime location; it offers guests a seamless stay with amenities designed to cater to every need. Equipped with complimentary WiFi, guests can stay connected effortlessly. The living space is adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a washing machine for longer stays, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and fridge, making dining in a breeze. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of fresh towels and bed linen, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

For those keen to explore Tirana's cultural tapestry, Stadium Apartment serves as an ideal base. The Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Saint Paul Cathedral are among the notable attractions nearby, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the city's vibrant history and contemporary art scene. Moreover, the convenience of being 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

In essence, Stadium Apartment stands out as a top recommendation for those who value the fusion of strategic location, essential amenities, and the freedom to explore Tirana's rich cultural offerings at their own pace.