---\ntitle: "Standart apartment"\ndescription: "Standart Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429120158.jpg?k=0f0744ebfe26a8b158009aa3875745d6756bd454332ff1f0cd458e52fa1e706b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: standart-apartment\naddress: "Lagja 13,rruga Butrinti,Plazh Durres, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26812423\n  lng: 19.51983261\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429120158.jpg?k=0f0744ebfe26a8b158009aa3875745d6756bd454332ff1f0cd458e52fa1e706b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461501356.jpg?k=3b767e336d8388cf96cab81dc6a4370e3780cb2e1efa089084d0a4da67634314&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429120617.jpg?k=1801360706d76db9c05d6c58d42883f08f45bf04335f7c0fb10c7c84bf68246f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432107265.jpg?k=2167a034354272a8007629d63a60f1b1d6f402efd9f899f30337fe231bde8c34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429121225.jpg?k=044f7faad12ed29ce5d11290c306cb0f31edcb34507345771fb4dae5d251a9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525961923.jpg?k=101446e129aa1ad2076f447be71b07b6cafd6385e95c30810ef368d0e6e3f7b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432107691.jpg?k=b21d340527adfad47c6a095adb60edb4d3915bd4b3b7fa1bc430dc33a238fc64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429120509.jpg?k=24f850ef8c3bc638d366a2db93ba6f4a725031e68ba71d134b582eaf8fd8c5d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432107121.jpg?k=5ea6226f8b9c83db4004e481a18e983c2c8aed42a41b1b28ac2c00902aa04eab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill & Pizza Peja 30 m"\n  - "Fresh Fish 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 100 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 4.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nexhmije"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was fine. Nice, clean, comfortable and furnished apartament. We loved our stay.”"\n  - name: "Ada"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“We enjoyed our short stay in this apartment very close to the beach. We loved the walks on the beach and exlored the nearby bars and restaurants even though it's off season. The apartment is really cozy and had everything we needed for our weekend...”"\n  - name: "Bazhenova"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Все сподобалось! Господарі дуже ввічливі і добрі люди! Апартаменти охайні, чисті. Все, що потрібно для комфортного відпочинку є. До моря дуже близько. Поруч магазини, аптека...Рекомендую!
I liked everything! The owners are very polite and kind...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/standart-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is strategically located, making it an ideal base for exploring the area. It's a comfortable distance from notable landmarks, including the historic Skanderbeg Square and the thrilling Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, both within 47 kilometers. For those intrigued by local history, the Rock of Kavaje is just 1.4 kilometers away, and the Durres Beach, known for its captivating sunsets, is 2.4 kilometers from the property.

The interior of Standart Apartment is thoughtfully designed for relaxation and convenience. It features a cozy bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, an equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a bathroom complete with a bidet. The non-smoking policy ensures a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

For visitors interested in exploring the cultural heritage of the area, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre are significant sites, located 43 km and 12 km away, respectively. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 37 km away, makes Standart Apartment a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Standart Apartment stands out as a welcoming haven for guests looking to experience the beauty and history of Durrës, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of exploration.