---\ntitle: "Star Hotel Saranda"\ndescription: "Star Hotel Saranda emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289577455.jpg?k=928f1349da19ac08e7bcd91ad30ae06b5427efab4567acab021905d497510367&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: star-hotel-saranda\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo., 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87532187\n  lng: 20.01004905\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 936\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289577455.jpg?k=928f1349da19ac08e7bcd91ad30ae06b5427efab4567acab021905d497510367&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289128274.jpg?k=b4e0e47e6377cd4cec093f2061c81305b024edc4bf309e6593a129d72a3f3827&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289129395.jpg?k=b563c05b5b00e7351b61b6d30039cb37d3725e5cbb9b657a824e7a7561a83c62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289131511.jpg?k=e287acf6081821123456f713f84cf7501aacc44cb06e7f04992a0e16a626513f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289130367.jpg?k=b260f8e833feb26d71ae439934eb7adfeaccaa4bdd913c1f4f6478a217db0bc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289131596.jpg?k=bd64beaca05aac831f3ba7ecc0d35e48ff2a01f29eeea9b4e95382cc989671ad&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 900 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katarzyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great spot, just 1 min to promenade. The staff was really helpful. We could pay by credit card. Our room was spacious, stylish and very clean. The view from the balcony was really nice. The breakfast was super good!”"\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Good breakfast, with very clean rooms and nice people in hotel.”"\n  - name: "Federica"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely hotel, 100% comfy, location amazing just 3min walking from the main high street, beach and all restaurant and shop. 10min walk from the ferry port to the hotel. Clean and modern room, big amd variety breakfast and the staff was A M A Z I N...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/star-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Star Hotel Saranda cater to a variety of preferences, with select units featuring cozy seating areas designed for relaxation. Guests have the option to choose rooms that offer either serene garden views or captivating sea vistas, ensuring a memorable stay. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in every room, each equipped with a private bathroom that includes both a bath and shower, complemented by the thoughtful addition of slippers.

Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to the nearest restaurant, just 80 meters away, where Mediterranean cuisine can be savored. Additionally, for those needing essentials or snacks, a grocery store is conveniently located 20 meters from the hotel.

Adventure seekers and nature lovers will find Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of biodiversity and history, 22 km from Star Hotel Saranda. The enchanting beaches of Ksamili, famed for their crystal-clear waters and the picturesque three islands, are also within easy reach, situated 20 km away.

Ease of access is a hallmark of Star Hotel Saranda, with the Main Bus Station a mere 200 meters away, ensuring smooth travel arrangements for guests. Moreover, the Ferry Port is within close proximity, located 800 meters from the hotel, facilitating exploration of the surrounding areas.

Star Hotel Saranda stands out as an exemplary choice for travelers who value both the vibrancy of city life and the tranquility of nature, all wrapped up in a package of exceptional hospitality and comfort.