---\ntitle: "Star Hotel astir"\ndescription: "Star Hotel Astir emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190218282.jpg?k=61a1d31e750f2c831458c0432aa59b4fb4fd4fe33c6d0ce62cbe70123900819c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: star-hotel-astir\naddress: "Rruga Teodor Keko In the same building with Artisti Lounge, second floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33369924\n  lng: 19.78250872\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190218282.jpg?k=61a1d31e750f2c831458c0432aa59b4fb4fd4fe33c6d0ce62cbe70123900819c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190219447.jpg?k=686436c40adeee2b411ea210a9d5d703b1da7aea80cc54ccb229cbdeb0062f75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190217564.jpg?k=16780cbe5873a379aff18d12a1616bb9d86a698527f58291ff97e4b342558df1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/166757604.jpg?k=ac9553c3babbaaf780f807df4e5cec5d5a72c1e351761772a079a2f1a99d3a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/194781438.jpg?k=f7234275f2e5c69852574ff9e836c06711dd6e9fc319b6baae29b5df040397ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190218990.jpg?k=21f3ecd6b4d75528254c6d0fb86554fa23d8e356723b17d8911f780ea634b721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190219644.jpg?k=755b2e8ae0555262bb6dd2c73288aab64f092c9cdd5fc476ac4eabe7c73bfd1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/190219131.jpg?k=7da60b4161debd0ae6350c95e947dde3aa23086c7227e9111df66fee42afbe51&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/223210536.jpg?k=5d87d1c3baa5fc452d11911e600a0affff148165c850b094210d5e24d33fb048&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Artist 9 m"\n  - "Tonys Bistro 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 200 m"\n  - "Park Lojrash 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dinellari"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Staff was really kind . Room was soundproof and there was space to let your items”"\n  - name: "D"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very comfortable, in the UK it would be a +5 star hotel!”"\n  - name: "Endri"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The staff was friendly, the room was clean and comfy, and the location was perfect. I highly recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/artisti-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed rooms, each featuring a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a restful stay. The private bathrooms are equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and convenient experience. Select rooms further enhance the stay with the addition of a balcony, offering a serene spot to unwind. For added convenience, all rooms come with a fridge, catering to the guests' personal needs.

The dining experience at Star Hotel Astir is tailored to suit various palates, offering a choice between a buffet, à la carte, or Italian breakfast. This flexibility ensures that mornings at the hotel start on a delightful note.

Beyond the confines of the hotel, guests can explore the Rock of Kavaje, 41 km away, or the House of Leaves, which is a mere 4.1 km from the property. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 12 km from the hotel, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Star Hotel Astir stands out as a prime accommodation choice, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana.