---\ntitle: "StartApart City Center"\ndescription: "StartApart City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375958.jpg?k=77f6c7676204ede9d53327a6aba86b0b47dcc258529d08bed5e7fe277db764ee&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: startapart-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Filonid Durrsaku, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31566519\n  lng: 19.44627803\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375958.jpg?k=77f6c7676204ede9d53327a6aba86b0b47dcc258529d08bed5e7fe277db764ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481622396.jpg?k=23745575a8a0250c91d3bfe8dde825e57b72e21c83c46aada95f4e6ce23ff64f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481622364.jpg?k=bde3665f33f23afbc6f670e5c85fcd9c486c57890d2b1fc1308ac9d0e9f75d8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481622336.jpg?k=c502ca9aed07cbe0cc50c4c6e77e76c334c75f7177e1f365e883556d5c2bc75c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480665981.jpg?k=81b02ef9891815dca03efe9aa78ed393d3792123c041ca5ad8804818c3b7671a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375861.jpg?k=f7d420d88351e8c477bfa7157f97436d41363f80a50839d5919de6ada6303ef5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375952.jpg?k=a6c9b9d1b3c12e5d2019801380c02aa99940a9caff7c0f65acf1bcee2aabad40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375933.jpg?k=f136b4b23f00a099327ea76a9692b7bf8585423f8af7a349fd5b1dea1357c5d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476375937.jpg?k=3d5dd7e3be2ce2b77806d540731a07029e02d8fe3f0c14881bacab9c98d4da00&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (478 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rotonda 20 m"\n  - "Pizza Eden 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 700 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 100 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 400 m"\n  - "1. Maj 500 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 550 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“I had a fantastic stay at this city center gem. The property's high-quality amenities and stylish decor made for an indulgent experience. The panoramic views from my room were breathtaking, capturing the essence of the city. The attention to...”"\n  - name: "Leo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ardian è un host accogliente e simpatico.
L'appartamento ha una terrazza enorme dove si può vedere tutto il centro di Durazzo dall'alto.”"\n  - name: "De"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La gentilezza e la disponibilità dei proprietari che ci hanno risolto un bel problema. La posizione è ottima.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/startapart-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking apartment doesn't just promise connectivity with free WiFi throughout; it delivers a home away from home with its spacious layout. Boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essentials, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV compatible with streaming services, the apartment ensures every stay is as comfortable as it is entertaining. The fully equipped kitchen and outdoor dining area invite guests to savor meals against a backdrop of sea views, while complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies add a personal touch to the warm welcome.

The terrace, offering panoramic views of the mountains and city, becomes a private oasis for guests, further enhanced by the luxury of a hot tub. For families, the provision of outdoor play equipment is a thoughtful addition, ensuring the little ones are entertained.

Adventure seekers looking to explore the surroundings will find snorkeling, cycling, and hiking opportunities readily available, with the convenience of car rental services arranged by StartApart City Center. Moreover, the property's proximity to notable landmarks like Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, along with the availability of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, underscores its appeal to both leisure and business travelers.

Completing the experience is an on-site snack bar, perfect for quick bites or leisurely snacks. StartApart City Center stands out as a compelling choice for those desiring a stay that combines the comforts of modern living with the thrill of exploration in Durrës.