---\ntitle: "Star Apartment"\ndescription: "Star Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999662.jpg?k=47cf630d2c24bb13a5a3a7cc725432dbfe2964b1d37bbefba0dc468c27d46960&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: star-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Duri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32852089\n  lng: 19.81326043\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999662.jpg?k=47cf630d2c24bb13a5a3a7cc725432dbfe2964b1d37bbefba0dc468c27d46960&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999701.jpg?k=b681f2ec9b8a3c50a9257cfe666e8719ec3ad651e477a609298425c6afb968dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999707.jpg?k=95ce8c871178d60c50098069573dc6d2c63b2b6f172c0441190d614df91b8675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999730.jpg?k=cdd58bdf04bb012fc36c09bc3e2b91079d8f587a6224e2e2e1978e5eb51d37be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999739.jpg?k=900fab38a2472ae7231f03bf3a88a595a107e7b817478b896af936c249425803&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999747.jpg?k=9e70ca8e8a409459746471c72f375375ff98f158b8d9f76e1b30578e0da9ef7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999756.jpg?k=93046feeb58d29d1eec504e0154bf8c7c963dac40f239fb9b7f381b30087855a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999768.jpg?k=23f19e5643e0612a0b10826ce6b6cdf47af026252e74b78e9280213a2ad1f10d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360999780.jpg?k=44b26a8e2ef8d9db6dfe6c7189c4c77b92a944bdb23698817ba57f5ec9a7612c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Il Gusto Bistro 20 m"\n  - "Royal Fish&Chicken 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antoni"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great location close to the centre, yet in a peaceful street with cosy cafés and restaurants. Excellent communication with the owner. I had a small extra request and I was offered what I needed without any problems. The flat was impeccably clean...”"\n  - name: "Colin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Large well fitted out apartment. Great balcony. Very central, easy walking distance to attractions and shopping. Lots of grocery, butchers, bakeries locally and fresh fruit and veg sellers. Good selection of restaurants and eateries. Helpful...”"\n  - name: "Silver"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very clean, resourceful, spacious and in an amazing area.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/star-apartment-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA stone's throw away from cultural landmarks such as the Et'hem Bey Mosque, the National Museum of History of Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, guests find themselves immersed in the rich tapestry of the city's history and vibrant arts scene. Moreover, the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha adds a layer of historical intrigue to the stay.

The apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy the art of cooking, and a bathroom complete with a hot tub and bidet for ultimate relaxation. The inclusion of towels and bed linen ensures a hassle-free stay, allowing guests to focus on exploring or unwinding.

For those keen on discovering local gems, the apartment is conveniently positioned near the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana, offering a glimpse into the city's soul. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 15 km away, making Star Apartment an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.