---\ntitle: "Stay in Tirana Sunny 3 Bedrooms Apartment Located in Center 05"\ndescription: "Stay in Tirana Sunny 3 Bedrooms Apartment Located in Center 05 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm right in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516227719.jpg?k=42830b463455e90c306cdc21a205b6f9f3d941803b8628035197407abf6ccd16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stay-in-tirana-sunny-3-bedrooms-apartment-located-in-center-05\naddress: "Rruga Çamëria, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32696716\n  lng: 19.81471752\nprice: "US$107"\npriceFrom: 107\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516227719.jpg?k=42830b463455e90c306cdc21a205b6f9f3d941803b8628035197407abf6ccd16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519834161.jpg?k=79b27f444c8f02da051f353ba04fa5a399f211adb1dad224ee56149cb60dd270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514702485.jpg?k=6381480dd744b48cb2d54ead53a2ac1be00958c35fe804a44235d0ce977403c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514702468.jpg?k=c115ce890b2889f902ffcb354492017faa7d4dd3cd80ab631222f8e98df37549&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514702456.jpg?k=7db3d091c6e79afddf60ca88e867e8e670c803adc1bd5b0fa1e08ab508c708eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515245856.jpg?k=8375cafbd1f707fc5e0c349d83ea998be686c776a940ba38cc95d5e22513988d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516227727.jpg?k=312c2029bf7c027ae8f32a3f312a100baf9874293089af557fce2e86edd604a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514702474.jpg?k=b0a495911f6cc4413284f44c50d8ba25c62c149c83f4fc9ad937c350fb0aef67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519834224.jpg?k=319129b7b047cf5ff92b912f652d8e0d6cb48946f9a39c402899cb7fb18d1335&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Posta 100 m"\n  - "Fish House Gesi 94 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tanvir"\n    country: "Malaysia"\n    text: "“The property is reasonably priced with enough space to comfortably accomodate a group of 6-7 people and with all the necessary ameneties provided. It is located right in the city centre with the main square, supermarkets and restaurants within...”"\n  - name: "Ernest"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was the Best! If i will go to Tirana again, only this option. I really recommend.”"\n  - name: "Eugen"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Excellent location and great host that is very helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunny-central-apartment-05.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of amenities including a bar, a restaurant serving delectable cuisine, a 24-hour front desk, and the convenience of luggage storage. The commitment to guest satisfaction is further underscored by the provision of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises and the option for private parking.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting a balcony that offers captivating city views. It is thoughtfully designed with three bedrooms, a cozy living room, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave, ensuring guests feel at home. The bathroom comes with a bidet, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Notably, the apartment features a private entrance and soundproofing, ensuring a serene and undisturbed experience.

For those looking to explore the local area, the apartment does not disappoint. A minimarket on-site adds to the convenience, while the availability of both bicycle and car rental services opens up endless possibilities for adventure. Whether it's skiing in the nearby locales or cycling through the scenic routes, guests have ample opportunity to immerse themselves in the outdoor activities the area has to offer.

Significant attractions close to the property include Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's heritage. For guests traveling to and from the city, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Stay in Tirana Sunny 3 Bedrooms Apartment Located in Center 05 is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant heart of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of a home-like setting.