---\ntitle: "Stay in Tirana Sunny Apartment Located in Center 02"\ndescription: "Stay in Tirana Sunny Apartment Located in Center 02 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517095413.jpg?k=d4c8718cdaa1b3aea493ffb5c50dda7d958c458d3025bea5b032a60856ba5f9c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stay-in-tirana-sunny-apartment-located-in-center-02\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32543181\n  lng: 19.82892859\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517095413.jpg?k=d4c8718cdaa1b3aea493ffb5c50dda7d958c458d3025bea5b032a60856ba5f9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508784699.jpg?k=366a15f9d1b8ceecc42d33837dddd58918d71be847510043010c1a347ccefef6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514074880.jpg?k=e0d8c076b65162dc8e4ea000ddaf45131eb9804ab065de68e66d3ed392411e1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514076289.jpg?k=a23a95bbd4814353c6207b7cbc9fb5c2bb18144ca77af1a74aafbdf7b94cf1a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514076113.jpg?k=a94ad1aa1e38b0939c0862bc3c1ec118df4f9c51002399bb539fb648f4ec92e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527685550.jpg?k=716327daac94333e6f8c27b7be96f1d5554d921245ddb2644819481340fc4545&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514075154.jpg?k=cc77b644f2266def9bace173de397a924db9c7e6fa55a52d753ff5ab962c69e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508682867.jpg?k=e33e828a9d384e574d1baa66b3c8542ad1d2c6d3b2ffb58747b5f59e98f1c19e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528421469.jpg?k=1c0a547a89abf5f4df5628d33cab82e8b3b139180747df6b5dd55d690f64e435&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (98 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Meta 40 m"\n  - "The Basement 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-city-center-apartments-03.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern living, boasting an air-conditioned space that includes a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a coffee machine for those morning brews. The convenience is further amplified by the inclusion of a walk-in shower, slippers, and the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of hotel living. Notably, the apartment is designed to be non-smoking and soundproof, providing a serene retreat from the city's hustle and bustle.

For guests looking to unwind, the property features an in-house bar, perfect for evening relaxation. Additionally, a minimarket on the premises caters to any last-minute needs or snacks. The Stay in Tirana Sunny Apartment does not stop at just providing a place to rest; it offers an experience. With both bicycle and car rental services available, exploring the surrounding area or venturing further into the city becomes a breeze. For the more adventurous, skiing opportunities are also accessible nearby, adding a unique twist to the urban stay.

The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre places guests at the heart of Tirana's cultural and shopping scene. For those traveling by air, the convenience is extended with a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, ensuring a seamless arrival and departure.

In summary, Stay in Tirana Sunny Apartment Located in Center 02 offers an exceptional stay for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's culture, with its thoughtful amenities and prime location making it a standout option for both short-term and extended visits.