---\ntitle: "Stay in Tirana Modern Apartment Located in Center 03"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of urban living at Stay in Tirana Modern Apartment Located in Center 03, a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513016106.jpg?k=cdf9b7b56e9c3d73f1bd4db44c726d93fc14f18ff2b1218fd35644ee4a66cac0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stay-in-tirana-modern-apartment-located-in-center-03\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa 1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33023761\n  lng: 19.82465115\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513016106.jpg?k=cdf9b7b56e9c3d73f1bd4db44c726d93fc14f18ff2b1218fd35644ee4a66cac0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497658258.jpg?k=2eee6666e461ad13a0ffa47c5b2e13cad058f322edf494f9b5ac00cabaa88f28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497659184.jpg?k=7d7819f288441248094555adfc859bd27867b5570dc4bb892b3815f9ae656bc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508777623.jpg?k=0a6eb75126f18e3e5f0286a9d7da81c199d960fceafa4ea40e27ca482956b2aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508777580.jpg?k=46d50cc854fb2b6afd238e247d7a2c46265e309457a10165b179b29e9c298142&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497655541.jpg?k=3cc6cb3dccfce7a0410785743001a527de5ea7763e1685272d735de6c7a51e27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513015728.jpg?k=970ffd72591a07d1c391cd91da3d119b099bb59ca8b515d129f9f82c6c29787a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497659057.jpg?k=40bafc96a5e3bfefb37d0c4e06a85c23f332d109a86aeaf686089ed7aa4710a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508777613.jpg?k=07c550b78fb77c94fa7484f128ee4a27cacb0f7b34746e858eb22c67eedf2885&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (98 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Art & the City 10 m"\n  - "Si Dielli 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emiliana"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“Well decorated, clean, very central & great location. It included everything you may need. Felt like home. The host was very helpful and responsive at any time of the day.”"\n  - name: "Yanina"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Amazon apartments in good place Ther is many restaurants and supermarket under bulding I'm love it Thank you for hospitality”"\n  - name: "Del"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Il proprietario ci ha accompagnato per un prezzo ragionevole dall'aereoporto fino all'appartamento. Ci ha mostrato la casa e offerto qualche bevanda. Tramite whatsapp si è reso completamente disponibile per ogni richiesta e/o esigenza dandoci...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-apartament-new-bazaar-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of modernity and ease, thanks to the apartment's comprehensive facilities, including a welcoming bar, an on-site restaurant for delightful dining experiences, and the assurance of round-the-clock front desk support. The convenience of an elevator, the luxury of free WiFi accessible across the premises, and the option for private parking (subject to an additional fee) elevate the stay experience.

The apartment itself is a haven of space and light, featuring a bedroom designed for restful nights, a living area with a flat-screen TV equipped for streaming, and a kitchen that leaves no culinary desire unmet with its oven and microwave. The inclusion of a washing machine adds a layer of convenience for longer stays. The thoughtful touch of complimentary chocolates or cookies upon arrival, alongside the apartment's non-smoking and soundproof environment, ensures a stay that's as comfortable as it is considerate.

For those looking to explore or simply run errands, a minimarket on the premises and a supermarket nearby cater to all needs. The adventurous at heart will appreciate the availability of both bicycle and car rental services directly from the apartment, with the allure of skiing and cycling opportunities in the vicinity.

Cultural enthusiasts and shoppers alike will find the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and Toptani Shopping Centre particularly appealing. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, with a paid airport shuttle service available for a seamless transition to and from the property.

Stay in Tirana Modern Apartment Located in Center 03 not only promises a memorable stay but delivers an experience that combines the best of Tirana's vibrant culture with the comforts of modern living.