---\ntitle: "Staycation, City Center Apartment"\ndescription: "Staycation, City Center Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465116939.jpg?k=5bd0a7d6438dd3dfd8bc3e8c693f6e5a038388cb7587e7bf507af852595ee6df&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: staycation-city-center-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, 1056 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32977863\n  lng: 19.8223657\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465116939.jpg?k=5bd0a7d6438dd3dfd8bc3e8c693f6e5a038388cb7587e7bf507af852595ee6df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117050.jpg?k=85bf87941ed2c57bffdc1e6571bd3ef1aecd5d0186f84cf097282c419f179c53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117043.jpg?k=8fa9babbeec28e6adb7f9d0084dcf07ea6b8acbce7f2c971c48183b79ce423c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117015.jpg?k=49407123d0aaa2ea18382b2bdf714449f1646fd163fdc0a2c777cd64c04e0fef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117037.jpg?k=0fdf18854e415904e0d756c0efad91bbea203cce9703d8c63efe3fbbcd7ee394&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117055.jpg?k=439f8c9ac37bbd4c312b3503730f8276e1d0a1a5bf3809dd271236b80dc5fa50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117066.jpg?k=2b70adbcee97aaebec0f3aa9f1fd88199fafd5af7bb6642e8bd2c2bbcfe5e010&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117031.jpg?k=7f5a9b4b6c68ffc3aacd083c1d4bf303395d919cf3a32fe692468953b944e852&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117024.jpg?k=c703d24bedd961f0a81d2d9c7de882d6501c37900c272667faf842fbf3364a61&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Happy Times 50 m"\n  - "MAnna 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daria"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Clean and spacious apartment, with two balconies. It has absolutely everything you need for a comfortable stay. The host’s very responsible and polite person”"\n  - name: "Alessandra"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Esti (the host) was incredibly friendly and she gave us lots of information. Best host ever!
The apartment is located in the city center and you can easily go everywhere by foot”"\n  - name: "Patrycja"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Amazing location and views. The host is extremely nice and helpful. The apartment is clean, tidy and well equipped. There’s everything you would’ve ever needed for a few days stay in Tirana.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/staycation-city-center-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, boasting a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services, and a kitchen that leaves nothing to be desired. With an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge at guests' disposal, the culinary possibilities are endless. Additionally, the apartment is designed with soundproofing to ensure a tranquil retreat from the city's hustle and bustle, and it even features a bidet for an extra touch of luxury. For added convenience, guests are provided with bed linen, towels, and access to laundry services.

Situated within walking distance of notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and Toptani Shopping Centre, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the best of Tirana. Moreover, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, and services like airport transfers and car rental readily available, planning day trips or the journey home is effortlessly manageable.

Staycation, City Center Apartment stands out as an ideal spot for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana while enjoying the comforts and conveniences of a thoughtfully appointed apartment.