---\ntitle: "Stay in Tirana Cozy Apartment Located in Center 01"\ndescription: "Stay in Tirana Cozy Apartment Located in Center 01 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528573655.jpg?k=4a75c748cbd0fa4f848f78865d9bdd0c0df945b0afbab4ca209f85a8d2dfde3a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stay-in-tirana-cozy-apartment-located-in-center-01\naddress: "Rruga Fadil Rada, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32819173\n  lng: 19.82604842\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528573655.jpg?k=4a75c748cbd0fa4f848f78865d9bdd0c0df945b0afbab4ca209f85a8d2dfde3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520543471.jpg?k=b6fcdb8c8147c25d20e48346faa500227563f207b9e80b5a5b4039056d0c72f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505432163.jpg?k=3fc8a9a6c0b488b650b2d2e7ba5ca8041a05cf4f80264def0992f06a94579ac7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505431531.jpg?k=e1b8f5c2f639cd94a519b51e0b158645223d901d8af90d5df40cd0429983f283&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496921584.jpg?k=94596646b0558fcd6c46b5d4d80d2102800f73bfd8f2409a4233c5c04307c92b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494350909.jpg?k=120caf6f54c77acbfe64c4e472aeebec7c396478bfdd2ac183cd10cedc483c53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520543225.jpg?k=61d4dad2aac711199662f39aaa1a33aa560c63e8c6231c949f73c783a7d6b54a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505432220.jpg?k=2661e5f65e8402764b0211756ca4c97549abcb61e0dd39c34ce307c74bce0664&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505431193.jpg?k=1bff83093ba87a24d7373083d407ebaca23d0d63a9cf8d21eb56ae8cac8bb90d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (99 Mbps)"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Home 100 m"\n  - "Vila 60 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 20 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jiwon"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“The room was big, the price was cheap, exactly at the center of tirana, a lot of facilities around... just every single thing was perfect”"\n  - name: "Koray"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The apartment is very close everywhere And too cozy..
Owner is very helpful and kindly person. Thank you for everthing again”"\n  - name: "Mireille"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very clean. The room is a bit small but super clean. Modern. Very modern kitchen full of all amenities. Location central”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/daily-apartments-tirana-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of comfort with the apartment's air-conditioned spaces, including a 1-bedroom setup that is both spacious and inviting. The living room, equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, serves as a cozy retreat for relaxation. A fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a microwave, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the inclusion of slippers, towels, and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort. The added benefit of a private entrance ensures a sense of privacy and exclusivity.

The property does not fall short on convenience, offering free WiFi throughout, a 24-hour front desk, and an elevator for easy access. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee. Dining options are readily available with an on-site bar and restaurant, ensuring guests never have to venture far for a meal.

For the explorers and the active, Stay in Tirana Cozy Apartment Located in Center 01 caters to a range of interests. A minimarket on the premises ensures essentials are always within reach. Those looking to explore Tirana on two wheels or by car will find both bicycle and car rental services available directly from the apartment. The surrounding area is ripe for adventure, with skiing and cycling opportunities nearby.

Cultural enthusiasts and history buffs will appreciate the apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and Saint Paul Cathedral. For guests traveling to and from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service is offered by the property.

In summary, Stay in Tirana Cozy Apartment Located in Center 01 stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility, making it an ideal base for both leisure and adventure in the vibrant city of Tirana.