---\ntitle: "Stephen Center B&B"\ndescription: "Stephen Center B&B emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant life, merely a stone's throw from the Main Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324479674.jpg?k=834ccd9092eafc60dd65bf9d3c9f7e7d4d7fb124759d84d364057ced318de9d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stephen-center-b-b\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsin 1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32964862\n  lng: 19.82538731\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 111\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324479674.jpg?k=834ccd9092eafc60dd65bf9d3c9f7e7d4d7fb124759d84d364057ced318de9d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324483197.jpg?k=ec5df8dfd98d96b231a83452a6b6230a45f6caff3a56f994c813e794aa6d495f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135860488.jpg?k=aeaaebdb657aeb9b6b9d2e4f4e13bb85bd89c298844ac00415cb4cd798ecd65e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324479594.jpg?k=5d0acea6f3e092b58a18d62f5bd3e62cf7997cbe3706e4bef4b090050ce08b37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/113926917.jpg?k=ebd4ba9ee1d732efb304201a65186beadbf3f15e131bb136db0e1123195f487d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/324481660.jpg?k=8466fe22293303544fb3e6314182f9b9c6ba649d9c3f213f7cb0a96411cc1c66&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (36 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rossini Gastropub 20 m"\n  - "Back Home 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The property was very cozy, clean, and comfortable. The staff was very nice, with the owner, Laura, welcoming us with a wonderful smile. Everyone was friendly and smiling, and the customer service was excellent. We really enjoyed our one-night...”"\n  - name: "Hazzan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent staff and service! I recommend anyone to go there!”"\n  - name: "Milcent"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Super welcoming staff, and the room was spotless and very comfortable. It's also located right in the city centre, I would definitely recommend it :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-stephen-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe on-site restaurant at Stephen Center B&B elevates the dining experience for guests, serving a variety of international dishes alongside a welcoming breakfast to start the day right. For those looking to explore local flavors, a grocery store is conveniently located just 60 meters away, inviting guests to sample the local produce.

Cultural enthusiasts will find themselves in an ideal spot, with the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet and the National Arts Gallery within easy walking distance, located 500 meters and 700 meters away, respectively. For nature lovers and adventure seekers, the tranquil Tirana Park and Lake await 2 km from the doorstep, while the cable car to Dajti Mountain offers breathtaking views from 2.5 km away.

Positioned 15 km from Tirana Airport, Stephen Center B&B serves as a perfect gateway for both international visitors and those looking to immerse themselves in the cultural tapestry of Albania's capital.