---\ntitle: "Stone City Hostel"\ndescription: "Stone City Hostel emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Gjirokastër, offering a unique blend of communal ambiance and private comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143687610.jpg?k=e2c9f61d0c8455503f1e3dfa84aa84082e6339620b310de95592835444b29327&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stone-city-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Alqi Kondi, Pazar, 1000 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07550484\n  lng: 20.13919968\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 787\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/143687610.jpg?k=e2c9f61d0c8455503f1e3dfa84aa84082e6339620b310de95592835444b29327&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444578942.jpg?k=4cef4595720af9d8bc3ee3578ac36273fef9fb027bd3aacb1cc2a9ba656eda7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303898653.jpg?k=21849b62373fd6729e4536e2983b514ee7e4b1614ab7daee97ac6a273d7ba316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/65778607.jpg?k=33c5fe694dcd29d5c4514975512225fac067217787af6fd29a3b74f4d31a8de5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303891246.jpg?k=0710648b0408442419c3d65d69df569b91c9d64a9354202471aa5954c8af6100&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72779719.jpg?k=5d9d02b89fc35b7f15854d1f6583d39385ec08444cf07c744e54823e9156418e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303874856.jpg?k=495de5aebdeac6e30708a1fe0ef5d42581f8f705dfab915e8f9962fb08898554&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62867772.jpg?k=c4421ed49340b67e4138bd240a8ad1c182f3784617826dd3320efcfe3c5ecc2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303910680.jpg?k=12e6809eb46a371f99c55052e109d4d93ffd35e6c4087af48eb3ed35664a9d84&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna 7 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Argjiro 40 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arianna"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Cozy hostel with a warm atmosphere, beautiful house and little garden. I loved the big breakfast all together, like in a family. They have events on every day, If Walter is doing the city tour don't miss it. It's free (for real: not the usual...”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Great hostel! The staff is great and very informative! Hostel is very colorful, has a lovely outside area, great breakfast, location is perfect - close to all the sights. Our room also had an amazing view of the castle”"\n  - name: "Jmlauro"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“Great hostel! The facilities are in great condition, the view is lovely, and the atmosphere is superb!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stone-city-hostel1312.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Stone City Hostel are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a restful stay. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the Gjirokastër heat. Modern amenities, including a microwave, stovetop, and coffee machine, add a touch of home, while the inclusion of a shower, hairdryer, and wardrobe cater to the practical needs of guests. For added peace of mind, a safety deposit box is provided in every room, with select accommodations offering captivating views of the city. Comfort is further enhanced by the provision of quality bed linen and towels.

Morning at Stone City Hostel begins with a choice of continental or vegetarian breakfast options, setting guests up for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hostel's location makes it an ideal base for those keen to engage with the surrounding area, with hiking among the popular activities to enjoy in the vicinity.

For those looking to venture further afield, Zaravina Lake lies 44 km away, offering a serene escape into nature. Additionally, the hostel's proximity to Ioannina Airport, located 83 km away, facilitates ease of access for international travelers.

In summary, Stone City Hostel stands out as a preferred choice for visitors to Gjirokastër, blending essential amenities with a warm, welcoming atmosphere, making it a compelling option for those seeking both adventure and tranquility.