---\ntitle: "Stone rooms 1850"\ndescription: "Stone Rooms 1850 emerges as a distinguished guest house, located in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350264520.jpg?k=6e4ec17adab97195aaa13f2e5e66bc37c0ad8c6e7095bd78af5e48fec8fd0275&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stone-rooms-1850\naddress: "Dunavat 2 neightborhood, street : \"mufit reso\" red door number 6, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07101056\n  lng: 20.13597717\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 411\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350264520.jpg?k=6e4ec17adab97195aaa13f2e5e66bc37c0ad8c6e7095bd78af5e48fec8fd0275&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/292485667.jpg?k=b379ae493f2e23419d5cac8d54eaae2331c04e220635c7a68b0d76d3ab384e73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355384893.jpg?k=4ba119ee3add58ce5a6b9899e6c820ab709d3d2b013f211923158a512f05313e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213623143.jpg?k=2078d354a8331f76eba872044d08e9791dead36d89377f8410da07c38405b03e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/220126650.jpg?k=3b3b6d379dab0be73adc63177ada82bfd0e55f1fc60cbb16591dc62f576bbbe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365590812.jpg?k=919dc472f5ddfd08333b1136bc9844001770cd1cebd59c224ad13a27540a32f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private External Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Lani 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Tradicional Urat 100 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 54 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Selina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely traditional furnishings. Good bed. Fabulous views. Very spacious room. Excellent breakfast served on a patio overlooking the town and the valley beyond. Breathtaking!”"\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Super-friendly hosts! Wonderful breakfast for 500 Lek. Great room in an old stone house.”"\n  - name: "Inês"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The room was very pretty, everything very clean Owners were very nice”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stone-rooms-1850.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a meticulously maintained garden, setting the stage for the breathtaking mountain views that await. The guest house prides itself on offering top-notch services including a restaurant that serves delectable dishes, a 24-hour front desk ensuring guests' needs are met around the clock, and the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. For those who enjoy outdoor gatherings, a barbecue facility is available, enhancing the communal experience.

Accommodations at Stone Rooms 1850 are thoughtfully designed to cater to various needs and preferences. Each room is well-appointed with a desk, while select units boast additional luxuries such as a terrace, a cozy seating area equipped with a flat-screen TV, and climate control to ensure comfort regardless of the season. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with slippers and a hairdryer, adding a touch of home-like comfort.

For guests looking to unwind with a drink, the on-site bar offers a selection of beverages in a relaxed setting. 

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, Stone Rooms 1850 offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and historical charm, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking an authentic Gjirokastër experience.