---\ntitle: "Stone Villas Voskopoja"\ndescription: "Stone Villas Voskopoja emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Voskopojë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494937912.jpg?k=94add042a168e5ec67c5c36f594303cd73bd6845f4f47015c5fd96892f4422eb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stone-villas-voskopoja\naddress: "Rruga Akademia, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63758381\n  lng: 20.59282996\nprice: "US$291"\npriceFrom: 291\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494937912.jpg?k=94add042a168e5ec67c5c36f594303cd73bd6845f4f47015c5fd96892f4422eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494937938.jpg?k=e8e5bde6ed46875a5e29a1045f7d1b2bcc205bdd4548759ae12edc154b6cb2c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494937934.jpg?k=53f2e081e210023f52be419433c3ea336931289fb09aac34b47621e9b9ea4d7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518255829.jpg?k=90d7dc13ccb96f94337ec3ace3f631354f629fff05f68313b5dd45a4c2054cf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518255257.jpg?k=15f7aff17cb3c7b17a08f45f7ea587f67673c36f86cc5eeafc73880f34a929d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494937945.jpg?k=75b207e73bca465ae69ae8fc91f1be13754ac181aed160bc93247750f05fccaf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Villa"\n  - "Deluxe Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Geska 350 m"\n  - "Taverna Voskopoje 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 16 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\n  - "American Express"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stone-villas-voskopoja.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach villa at Stone Villas Voskopoja is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning for those warmer days, alongside complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring a seamless stay from start to finish. The accommodations boast balconies that open up to the surrounding beauty, inviting guests to unwind in their private oasis.

The interiors are equally impressive, with a fully equipped kitchenette, including an oven, microwave, fridge, and stovetop, perfect for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The presence of a coffee machine adds a touch of home, allowing guests to start their day with a freshly brewed cup. The living spaces are adorned with a cozy fireplace, comfortable seating area, and a flat-screen TV, providing a perfect setting for relaxation. Additionally, each unit comes with a washing machine, adding to the convenience for longer stays.

Privacy and security are paramount, with each villa featuring a safety deposit box. The private bathrooms elevate the experience further, equipped with a bidet and plush bathrobes, ensuring a luxurious and comfortable stay.

Located just 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Stone Villas Voskopoja presents an accessible escape into nature's embrace, promising an unforgettable experience for all who visit.