---\ntitle: "Studios&Apartment Niko Luka"\ndescription: "Studios&Apartment Niko Luka emerges as a serene oasis in the vibrant heart of Ksamil, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience mere steps away from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach and the inviting waters of Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350759075.jpg?k=cc3e57db4e3c5eec8151914d532fb1ec07ffc3f8de00f9694b00cc6db8455944&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studios-apartment-niko-luka\naddress: "Road ''Baba Sherifi \" Ksamil Number Building 54, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76968078\n  lng: 20.00740668\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350759075.jpg?k=cc3e57db4e3c5eec8151914d532fb1ec07ffc3f8de00f9694b00cc6db8455944&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366762800.jpg?k=9415d955ad715a8b28294779ac4b427bedcde953566bfcd402c38e4624e635f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463593117.jpg?k=4916baf0ab9290c754fab89afa3d905c901791af51674a8df3e7710f73c5edbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373381365.jpg?k=f8fe389104d4853478006486c1e26a870de4d2405a13b33d2354b8935e8ad859&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373381259.jpg?k=9be85ef371591eeb3ab4f38d128de89bce118441ff659c716dbe897735035215&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388597351.jpg?k=2ae039880795f6aae828787c938278908afacab18f09291d422ab21ed1535d28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373381008.jpg?k=800528ee21271fc7c94c4e4f647112eb385139bdc493d776602a85538fd9b251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467432798.jpg?k=f8c98d5535f99ab4009b33c0153bfefd65db8090bca389d480be6d361187360a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467432766.jpg?k=ae7882cd29740d39303584b946cadda992719bde96f5b0e329d406c8cb309e6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467432704.jpg?k=1087655c13c85d3dbb7371210cc1dffa3b9dc692ad00dc5bb88b2edaba9b48de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467432608.jpg?k=0222557abbdbd8b82666cc1362c3c109b801670e51c8ff9784d3e9f422e1e7bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464956724.jpg?k=3ec403eabaa7a568a3343461cfadbb0c72747b47234d1e3fe356b8b530fe6b66&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (13 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Małgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment had a really great quality! Also, Niko is a really nice person, he helped us a lot during our stay. He speaks English very well, so it’s not a problem to communicate. The place is quiet and cosy, with the place for a car. Also, the...”"\n  - name: "Ljupco"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“the location is quiet and perfect, the beds are very comfortable, everything was clean. Niko was always there for whatever you needed. all recommendations!”"\n  - name: "Geoffrey"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Center of the city, walking distance from beaches, house comfty and clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-niko-lukaj-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nEach apartment and studio within this property is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting a private entrance that leads guests into a world of warmth and relaxation. The presence of a heated pool, visible from select units, adds a touch of luxury to the stay, ensuring memorable moments of leisure. The accommodations are not only air-conditioned but also come with the promise of free private parking and seamless connectivity through complimentary WiFi, addressing all the essentials of modern travel.

The interiors reveal a dedication to guest comfort, with a fully equipped kitchen ready for culinary adventures, an outdoor dining area for al fresco meals, and a private bathroom featuring a bath for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a wardrobe in each unit underscores the attention to detail in ensuring a home-away-from-home experience.

Beyond the confines of their private terraces, which offer breathtaking mountain views, guests are invited to immerse themselves in the local lifestyle. The area around Ksamil beckons with opportunities for fishing and exploration, while the shared lounge area within the property provides a space for relaxation and socializing.

Strategically located, Studios&Apartment Niko Luka is just a short distance from the allure of Ksamil Beach 7 and the historical wonders of Butrint National Park, making it an ideal base for adventurers and culture enthusiasts alike. For those arriving from afar, Corfu International Airport is situated 93 km away, ensuring ease of access for international travelers.

In summary, Studios&Apartment Niko Luka stands as a hallmark of hospitality in Ksamil, offering a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, making it a preferred choice for those seeking an unforgettable stay in this picturesque corner of the world.