---\ntitle: "Studios in Vlore Lungomare"\ndescription: "Studios in Vlore Lungomare emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490223946.jpg?k=959a3e0156ba9eca2631556f0cb0ee309a571ae8880d8b6cd9c662fa91fe29cc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studios-in-vlore-lungomare\naddress: "Rruga Haziz Xhyherri No.8 & 9 on the second floor, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44441763\n  lng: 19.49554962\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490223946.jpg?k=959a3e0156ba9eca2631556f0cb0ee309a571ae8880d8b6cd9c662fa91fe29cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223924.jpg?k=7317d95ab637c9d965c637e41d1e957be518c9f0010e442f2d2d8809b53147fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223950.jpg?k=89259b2b52a665bd9be304700728f9ac6af18f6ca86f35234754891231fee1fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223951.jpg?k=8451f56c05d574fb6606c52a071abcdf46866c8c1addb336a8dc7320135a4254&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223954.jpg?k=04989d1756e0caa3a9fa99647691b556a957a7ceb5e53f5f3e91d87d30fffe3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223955.jpg?k=1ae084e5c528278e61116931b7ae5801e8d6de41840185df52db2ba2121775a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/490223958.jpg?k=fea8d1f5bf07acbc0edab126f65b19189d0d87a91a86b21a8140d16a22f891fe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marinero Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 900 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studios-in-vlore-lungomare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property stands out not only for its comfortable lodging but also for its comprehensive amenities, including an on-site restaurant and an enchanting outdoor fireplace, perfect for those chillier evenings. For guests arriving by car, the convenience of private parking is available, albeit for an additional fee.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. The apartment, suitable for up to two guests, is thoughtfully equipped with a satellite TV, washing machine, and a kitchenette complete with a fridge, catering to all the essentials for a self-sufficient stay. Additionally, the non-smoking environment ensures a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests.

For those looking to explore the local area, the property offers bike and car rental services, making it easy to venture out into Vlorë's vibrant surroundings. The location is particularly favorable for cycling enthusiasts, with the area being renowned for its bike-friendly paths.

Just a stone's throw away, Vlore Beach invites guests to bask in the sun and sea, located merely 200 meters from the accommodation. For those willing to explore a bit further, Ri Beach is within a kilometer's reach, offering another splendid option for beach lovers.

For international travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 152 km away, adds to the seamless experience offered by Studios in Vlore Lungomare, making it an attractive option for both short and extended stays in the heart of Vlorë.