---\ntitle: "Studio Apartment Golem"\ndescription: "Studio Apartment Golem emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807265.jpg?k=7013418157b00e5f2f0b5ca5f42c3c031235e22cd46e835ab24f1373c15f28b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-apartment-golem\naddress: "Rruga Fan Noli, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25739358\n  lng: 19.5229946\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807265.jpg?k=7013418157b00e5f2f0b5ca5f42c3c031235e22cd46e835ab24f1373c15f28b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807268.jpg?k=7c20475bd9d291a64fbb1eb2749ccad9a07b5df88d9bb66bce2f45b4d83b1265&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807271.jpg?k=b0a787bc286779c5f916baff01c224df92268eb4112717ecdfb8c6feb4a4e45b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807264.jpg?k=d6a3496c9a625ecbb8f6327e42b61242c50a3e58708ba298f2df3e8783ced62b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807279.jpg?k=713e70ecc8e5c23dad2721fa584a1c8a4d79fadddff82ae5e0a0fabc97dcdf1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807272.jpg?k=30cbbc5f589334a538ec7c47ac6d470deb19a38f0eb3052044d8e1d99c3bd0d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807276.jpg?k=d27dfae0f45bdd0698dfd97c6313b744bb672547b5c3cae7023c8ad0eca8163c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476807277.jpg?k=f9e04c9a34d17d6ff0721a99d8be726f340a8a461d7497ee726825bd2d34afc4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Flobede Furrë Buke 150 m"\n  - "Pashtriku 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 950 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Egla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was near the beach, which was perfect for swimming and sunbathing. The apartment was also very cozy, clean, and well-furnished. The host was very welcoming and attentive, providing us with everything we needed. We loved the balcony,...”"\n  - name: "Bozena"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo dobra lokalizacja, blisko do plaży, restauracji i sklepu, apartament bardzo czysty, przytulny, dobrze wyposażony, bardzo miła właścicielka.”"\n  - name: "Kris"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nje hotel vertet i mrekullueshem Ne qendruam per 5 dite dhe gjithcka ishte e paster dhoma banja peshqirat cdo gje e bardhe e bute Ju falenderojme per dhomen
Do te shihemi serish sezonin e ardhshem❤”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-apartment-golem-golem1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful amenities and home comforts, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and a washing machine, caters to the needs of those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while away from home. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, alongside essentials such as bed linen, towels, and a laundry service, ensures a stay that lacks for nothing.

For guests who value convenience, the presence of a minimarket on the premises is a notable perk. Moreover, the apartment complex doesn't just stop at providing a place to stay; it invites guests to truly relax with an outdoor fireplace and a picnic area, perfect for those moments of leisure and social gatherings.

Located not only close to Golem Beach but also within easy reach of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach (1.1 km) and Mali I Robit Beach (1.4 km), Studio Apartment Golem serves as an ideal base for exploring the local coastline. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 39 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

With free WiFi throughout, a lift for easy access, and a shared kitchen for culinary adventures, this non-smoking property ensures that every aspect of your stay is covered. Studio Apartment Golem stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to experience Golem in comfort and style.