---\ntitle: "Studio Flat in the City Center"\ndescription: "Studio Flat in the City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana, located just 700 meters from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and a short drive from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470308374.jpg?k=33a1cced342e30a1b58caa554659f384808e8f6358be75d8280af0151eb3e05d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-flat-in-the-city-center\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33228005\n  lng: 19.82295971\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470308374.jpg?k=33a1cced342e30a1b58caa554659f384808e8f6358be75d8280af0151eb3e05d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470308120.jpg?k=430363e12f245cc4e8beda051983f96d92b4d2b48c54986c9bf3d763048f4e50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412984484.jpg?k=5424d6bae50ec1b8360a0e5b9b1f267275fbfc857bab97e6a2ed3baf0f07e0bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470308970.jpg?k=283d210e95bf996432af0dea24d5c9a3ffb60f96e581895b0c201e5f2f76e1cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470308610.jpg?k=13cca9182923aa232b4a4f8fe5e342dec94b0594d93961abd66fc5917850351c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470307976.jpg?k=ea40d721ab1147353035f09f080108d9d1fcae3aa3b193c0616abb74a49ca6e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412984461.jpg?k=fe09d315a4cf29174ea5066d35cf523a45899b4eff1249d1653e3f311db4326e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412984424.jpg?k=df460103f8837807ea0b362c06a27427e6cf50d403281461ddecfb9b680d3534&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470307943.jpg?k=5dfa090dd3ff47be31fabd51aa74a41acc13a9215d3e295c231dbd2c4ff1992f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Tujani 30 m"\n  - "Pizza & Kebab Kupa 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alan"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Location was amazing. The apartment was well equipped for example: bottle opener, hair dryer, detergent, iron. Kitchen well equipped. Bed was comfortable. Not bad communication with host, all information provided. Host provided extra help outside...”"\n  - name: "Alessia"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Staying at this property was a dream come true! The location was absolutely perfect, allowing easy access to all the local attractions and amenities. The apartment itself surpassed our expectations – it was not just comfortable and stylish, but...”"\n  - name: "Ndriçim"\n    country: "Monaco"\n    text: "“You can go everywhere by walking, very nice location. Super clean apartment. Clear instruction for check-in.
Recomend it 👌”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-home-sweet-home-apartment-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. The flat-screen TV adds a touch of modernity, while the bathroom, complete with a bidet, underscores the apartment's attention to detail. For those in need of it, towels and linens are available upon request.

Guests will appreciate the serene street views offered, providing a tranquil retreat after a day of exploration. Additionally, the convenience of an on-site car rental service opens up endless possibilities for adventure in and around Tirana.

Strategically positioned, Studio Flat in the City Center is within walking distance of several key attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Tanners' Bridge, and the Toptani Shopping Centre. For those arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

This apartment stands out as a stellar option for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant culture and history of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of the city right at your doorstep.