---\ntitle: "Studio Silva 2"\ndescription: "Studio Silva 2 emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking the vibrant heart of Tirana, located just 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966814.jpg?k=8065f1b0f461f8402ef01fb004a608a218695d1e3a6735d311f7620a35c78c15&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-silva-2\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31870568\n  lng: 19.80804461\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966814.jpg?k=8065f1b0f461f8402ef01fb004a608a218695d1e3a6735d311f7620a35c78c15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159963333.jpg?k=5583e64f7213bf5d3f5cfec5ab17f44164f026ee5c815315023215ce00d6e441&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966844.jpg?k=9e7d681f64cce4cf6899e37df401b5e03dbdec058241622abd8d42f1e1073880&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159963323.jpg?k=ecea3b181843a42f57668a83e39dc7734696213a610b1b5952a8a78e25db325b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966843.jpg?k=5004319a85eab11b1b1d2e8b30796df396bfede716a0cea8b4e6b1972b175176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966784.jpg?k=4bd70e6cb5ff1ad2f426a1e7ff0caa9decb4e6ee03eba44a4c42066a21a8cdf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141535233.jpg?k=e1a21017a82160782b530717c5d85fc3e0cf3f85ab21ed107ab9ea2e7be48e0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966848.jpg?k=fa5ff7aba282191abc17b9193b5bf7f147c702b85b01e1d872803cee1fb865cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159966816.jpg?k=bedf7ef800269aabefd81221f3d758facd7e114b9121317f155e6eebd4082228&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Atika Lounge Bar 10 m"\n  - "Grand Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 850 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Morgana"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect, hot clean and with all you need to have a good time”"\n  - name: "Dejan"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Apartment is at good location, clean and comfortable. There are all facilities what you need.
Communication with owner was easy.
I would recomend for short staying.”"\n  - name: "Jon"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“We've spent two nights in Studio Silva 2. Everything was perfect. The communication with the host has been fluent and the indications for arroving there where clear and neat. The appartment was modern, well frunised and perfectly equipped. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-silva-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on providing top-notch services, such as complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected. For those arriving from afar, the convenience of airport transfer services is a thoughtful touch, and the option to explore the city at a leisurely pace is made possible through the available bicycle rental service.

Accommodations at Studio Silva 2 are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Select units boast air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, a washing machine, and a kettle, complemented by a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. Privacy and ease are guaranteed with each unit housing its own private bathroom.

For everyday essentials, guests need not venture far as the property hosts a minimarket. This feature adds an extra layer of convenience, making for a hassle-free stay.

Situated in proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the rich history and culture of the area. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making Studio Silva 2 an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking to experience the essence of Tirana.