---\ntitle: "Studio near Tirana Airport 2- SELF Check-in Free Parking"\ndescription: "Studio near Tirana Airport 2- SELF Check-in Free Parking emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking convenience and comfort in Valias."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981760.jpg?k=0d4eec71820fab4dee8e1f2192daacd14754a790c37f9267537326d5102e5a6b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-near-tirana-airport-2-self-check-in-free-parking\naddress: "Rruga NATO, Valias, Albania"\ncity: "Valias"\nlocation: "Valias"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.38870684\n  lng: 19.74376488\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981760.jpg?k=0d4eec71820fab4dee8e1f2192daacd14754a790c37f9267537326d5102e5a6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981780.jpg?k=0842f465a4daeabab83ef00027a394f3ba4e90c6af96dddc6be5e3aab8f42b11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981795.jpg?k=eba25f61f4455944ad31328975c73d0622889357f0b940e57089383b7b691457&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981776.jpg?k=e365c17e882b4da278eafa3b8df234e801e6294efe4e26c8e2d9d13fab5f982f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981789.jpg?k=6c93191e1f641b5d0add94c0399eb63d7bb1a0b837432143ae23552d485e357f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981784.jpg?k=12f9007ee1a60889e4d198ff28910f228afea758310de2e1064d7e13af6aa36e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981773.jpg?k=6314feff3802fa5e31fc10905e884368e209cab0c48ef53c131fab365476e2d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981786.jpg?k=a2d242708cab15bcc764e912e2544972b377ed7885b4e71e2dfa48e769c2766e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471981772.jpg?k=7d75829ccfa71f35056f546ed4cc10a672767dd16c8fbccacd523f57bfb3583f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 10 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 10 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 10 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 10 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sofra e Vjetër 600 m"\n  - "Zgara Leka 1.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 7 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 1.8 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zeljka"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Staff was polite, place is so near airport, it is so clean and full equipped”"\n  - name: "Clara"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly, conveniently located by the airport. Exceptionally clean and comfortable. The host was responsive and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Dijan"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Wir haben die Unterkunft für unsere letzte Nacht in Albanien gebucht, da sie in optimaler Lage zum Flughafen liegt. Es war super sauber, für unsere Zwecke optimal eingerichtet und gemütlich. Auch hervorzuheben ist, dass beispielsweise eine süß...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-near-tirana-airport-2-self-check-in-free-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment, having undergone recent renovations, presents a fresh and inviting ambiance. It is equipped with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and the essential comforts of home like towels and bed linen. The addition of a private entrance enhances the sense of privacy, making it an ideal retreat for those looking to unwind in peace.

Set against the backdrop of a serene garden, guests can enjoy tranquil views from their own balcony, adding a touch of nature to their stay. Despite its peaceful setting, the apartment remains within easy reach of local attractions. It is conveniently positioned 15 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering adventurous guests the chance to explore the area's natural beauty. History enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the House of Leaves, located 12 km and 11 km away, respectively.

For those willing to venture a bit further, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 39 km, promising an intriguing excursion. Moreover, the central Skanderbeg Square is just 12 km from the apartment, providing guests with an opportunity to immerse themselves in the local culture and bustling city life.

Studio near Tirana Airport 2- SELF Check-in Free Parking not only offers a comfortable and convenient stay but also serves as a gateway to exploring the rich heritage and natural landscapes of the surrounding area.