---\ntitle: "Studio Apartments Rizarjo"\ndescription: "Studio Apartments Rizarjo emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, offering a serene escape with its panoramic mountain vistas and proximity to the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach and Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486965231.jpg?k=b334b93df0586103abf373c5659ad806ea47378f8190720194fc701b938c47e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-apartments-rizarjo\naddress: "Rr tafil buzi malakaster 6 4, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77232946\n  lng: 20.00923869\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486965231.jpg?k=b334b93df0586103abf373c5659ad806ea47378f8190720194fc701b938c47e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493351501.jpg?k=f45d20d8981e108781d950c6462d1c60d66f8cea16a97e680a578ef6e578c017&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493312498.jpg?k=30c5aa5e792ee029d4c91c09aaea6859a87a8dafe9330033d37c38f1f915e25c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493351394.jpg?k=32e81c1f1b459b972ee7e221dda8799603a5d09d86f86ff779522eaf189741ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493352031.jpg?k=687a24b6289214e507e970b09e75ec54df33c9c9331d0ec71de39ecb2a1edcf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493355536.jpg?k=9959539872dacb8518f9100950d03b122cb97ed434a9a5d375d45bcdf1e54b52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493312390.jpg?k=7f65d9144c6db014099db700961b59c01ab92f0bf93bb321b87bcae579e29438&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493356038.jpg?k=6d42d25dbdf258728b41ceff067f45980d372487a9cc5e9ff3c272f4566f7996&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493355907.jpg?k=8c18b80a8315fb20a62ba3c174c697f2b75f3851ead1ba62dd8ff8542e860126&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (28 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jiri"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“A very nice and quiet place, still easy to reach from the center. The hosts were very friendly and ready to help.”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Nice room, lots of space and all working facilities”"\n  - name: "Roberto"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I defitely recommend this host to spend a holiday in Ksamil. The owners are very kind and helpful. When we asked for help to printout a document the Aury the husband gave me a ride to the shop. Ee asked ehete to buy good meat and they sent the son...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-apartments-rizarjo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe highlight of the accommodation is its well-appointed apartment, which features a spacious bedroom, a modern bathroom, and a living area that opens up to a breathtaking balcony view of the sea. The apartment is equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting cable channels, a dining space for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to whip up their own culinary delights. The inclusion of an air-conditioning system, a shower, and a dressing room within the unit ensures a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home.

Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the garden and barbecue facilities, perfect for leisurely afternoons, as well as the unique outdoor fireplace that adds a touch of warmth to the evenings. Additionally, the property boasts an outdoor dining area, allowing guests to enjoy their meals amidst the beauty of Ksamil's natural landscape.

Families visiting Studio Apartments Rizarjo will find the accommodation welcoming and thoughtfully prepared for young guests, with the provision of a baby safety gate to ensure peace of mind during their stay.

Situated within easy reach of popular attractions such as Sunset Beach, Ksamil Beach 7, and Bora Bora Beach, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the beauty of the region. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is located 93 km away, making Studio Apartments Rizarjo a convenient choice for both local and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.