---\ntitle: "Studio Vlora"\ndescription: "Studio Vlora stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362908917.jpg?k=db584681c9a92458bfb674ae7b1e5ee2dbba6d4b0736969cdaaea3e1ae9deacb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-vlora\naddress: "Shaban Demiraj, Villa 1, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44860445\n  lng: 19.49449894\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362908917.jpg?k=db584681c9a92458bfb674ae7b1e5ee2dbba6d4b0736969cdaaea3e1ae9deacb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362992628.jpg?k=5298b0896d80cb6bb06a60ae975f73b652851d9c183d2b69c480d580560870cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362908907.jpg?k=d6af24dd08bf9947932b09f08cee5b75aabc3fb1cdd4add3dde847efd6743734&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362992636.jpg?k=a2d46c977c77a9aadc242bfd32fe391f3e05f7a3c2bbddbad1dd9f46b4e63cfb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382796070.jpg?k=c3e139215264b81d70ece7b39d2dc655a0b65f2ea7b82b18342100eb8d18db13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362992349.jpg?k=c083fb36474bc712a8eab91fcc1f02bd7942ad7b2889bb6dc8774f155f17d52b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Studio"\n  - "Deluxe Studio"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 50 m"\n  - "Patio 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Nice and clean studio, in a good location. Very close to the beach and many nice restaurants, supermarkets nearby. The owner and her family are super nice people, even helped to give me a ride to the bus station. Thanks 🙏”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Very clean and staff were very helpful and nice. There was a shared washing line outside for guests.”"\n  - name: "Yaşar"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“the testicles were very beautiful, the woman working was very helpful, they were very sweet, everyone should definitely come here”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-vlora-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Studio Vlora are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned family rooms that cater to both individual and group travelers. Each apartment is well-equipped with modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV for entertainment and a private bathroom stocked with a shower and hair dryer for convenience. The kitchen, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and kitchenware, invites guests to feel at home by preparing their meals just the way they like.

Strategically located, Studio Vlora is a short distance from other local attractions. Ri Beach is accessible within a 1.6 km journey, offering another spot for sun-seekers and water enthusiasts to explore. For those looking to delve into the area's natural beauty, Vjetër Beach is just 1.8 km away, while the historical site of Kuzum Baba can be reached with a 2.7 km drive, promising a blend of cultural exploration and relaxation.

For travelers flying in, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being 151 km away ensures a relatively straightforward journey to this coastal haven. Studio Vlora emerges as a compelling choice for those in pursuit of a peaceful beachfront getaway, combined with the ease of access to Vlorë’s charming sights.