---\ntitle: "Studio City Center"\ndescription: "Studio City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493044271.jpg?k=c53ea9943cd023c5b2ec1cc11454d7e152bf4d69a5e771f72fd4363fcf230087&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-city-center\naddress: "Rruga Kajo Karafili, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32898472\n  lng: 19.81571229\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493044271.jpg?k=c53ea9943cd023c5b2ec1cc11454d7e152bf4d69a5e771f72fd4363fcf230087&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465863984.jpg?k=315137bb6a0626ab1eb5d6ec9bbebb40fa6fb6693fa9e1a76f0834944b67fdcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385205.jpg?k=9c05ef9c643ab3cbad8e475935e19a3f79e7b162ae5f21d148a95112b8a0453f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385224.jpg?k=d1601ed6434d40df6353b2d6e199527f07a0256976da1f670e3609561ba74432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385223.jpg?k=ec3682b9465d9c4c2b1b05b599fe90c0f72a6a12e609cf3bed213293a75dbdcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465863886.jpg?k=7a5fb85ff3dd51128bece4b3d774cfdd7df7e8fdf7854843a0ce59f125741903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385221.jpg?k=908bb6cd3ccc7cb6f396e04897be5698f14ac973d848bd7a35e804cc4d450369&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385216.jpg?k=dd70bd17c50341670c094a94d884e8b0e2c57f6688e43d14a9085ec3f041f358&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459385200.jpg?k=f7fe3203c04fc6ea9eb3a22adcb0d380a4dc08152cb5d53cd1559231cb1a492e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mon Cheri 40 m"\n  - "Piceri Seven 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eleanor"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely apartment, really clean and so close to Tirana centre! The host was really nice and made check in & check out very straightforward and easy!”"\n  - name: "Kamil"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Location is perfect - just in the city center and very close to museums, main square, restaurants, event the bus station is just 10 minutes walking across the square. Studio was very clean, all equipment is new and in 100% condition.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Mario, the owner was super friendly and always available with fast replies whenever you needed anything. The apartment is completely refurbished,newly made and very close to all the things you wish to visit and see. Highly recommended. Greetings...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/2in1-studio-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nWith its strategic location, Studio City Center places guests at the epicenter of cultural exploration. The property is a short distance from significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the intriguing House of Leaves, the historic Clock Tower of Tirana, and the picturesque Et'hem Bey Mosque, all within easy reach. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 5.5 km away, offering breathtaking views and a memorable escape to nature.

The apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities and thoughtful design. Guests are treated to a space that boasts air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, alongside a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, fridge, washing machine, stovetop, and kitchenware, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV adds a touch of leisure to the well-appointed living space.

Beyond the confines of this inviting apartment, guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi throughout the property, making it easy to stay connected, whether for work or pleasure. The provision of a lift ensures easy access to this serene retreat, which proudly upholds a non-smoking policy.

Located 42 km from the Rock of Kavaje and with the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 13 km away, Studio City Center is not only a gateway to the cultural heart of Tirana but also a seamless starting point for broader adventures in Albania.

For those in search of a comfortable, conveniently located base from which to explore the rich tapestry of Tirana's history, culture, and natural beauty, Studio City Center stands out as an exceptional choice.