---\ntitle: "Studio Taraj"\ndescription: "Studio Taraj emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484476417.jpg?k=232c05758ade67616bf29712147837a9084e20f5af44f8096739e821b66202b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-taraj\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7686149\n  lng: 20.00003245\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484476417.jpg?k=232c05758ade67616bf29712147837a9084e20f5af44f8096739e821b66202b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523289854.jpg?k=d19b7b0eb3ec041402c9578116de3073edd42f55674205b6b3deff9874fe5fa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484482393.jpg?k=ab6f2c40270a1cf68e833bf4da0f2161c4e51ba2a4e770066ca5493ddfadd612&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486727712.jpg?k=599c005ad499c59877409994e3630129529b2bc0bcdbd1818c4de7a5c3a73240&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486727711.jpg?k=8040deeab30678e4dcd0eb88c82d009e24530595de9ea1728dfd2decb3d58a00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495112921.jpg?k=a7c249797fe16e322f0b2157289f0f08935bfef55350f84fb6877eb909d40751&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Czimi & Gjergji 10 m"\n  - "Restorant Pizza Oxhaku 10 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 100 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 350 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Caroline"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The host Nerita is such a kind person. Very welcoming and helpful. The studio is at best location in ksamil in our point of view with restaurants at the door step and 2min walking from the beautiful beaches of Ksamil 9 and Bora Bora Beach. Very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-taraj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Studio Taraj is thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. A fully equipped kitchen awaits those who prefer home-cooked meals, complete with a dining table for enjoying them. Entertainment is readily available through the flat-screen TV, offering a wide range of satellite channels. The convenience of a private bathroom is enhanced with the inclusion of a bidet, hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries. Air conditioning ensures a comfortable environment year-round, while select units boast the added perk of a balcony for those who love to bask in the outdoor ambiance. Storage needs are easily met with the inclusion of a wardrobe in every unit.

For those intrigued by the natural beauty and historical significance of the area, Butrint National Park is a mere 2.9 km away, promising an enriching excursion. Furthermore, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km from the premises, makes Studio Taraj an accessible retreat for international travelers.

In essence, Studio Taraj stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a serene escape with all the comforts of home, making it an ideal spot for those looking to explore the beauty of Ksamil and its surroundings.