---\ntitle: "Studenti Studio's"\ndescription: "Studenti Studio's emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471112157.jpg?k=a3db33053952105e5e37b6140f54d662e3fa9dd29fa5a800511e9b776822e92e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studenti-studio-s\naddress: "Rruga Studenti nr 35/2, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32943955\n  lng: 19.79886944\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 167\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471112157.jpg?k=a3db33053952105e5e37b6140f54d662e3fa9dd29fa5a800511e9b776822e92e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471112167.jpg?k=9c3d8475fea0cfe95241168062937f98d64de46bc03fd86974cddeeb99a22ea0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471112202.jpg?k=187af9b004aa431459ff50f69152b5b58d18bf5211282efc4d0e95875b3012e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471447253.jpg?k=8c94eb7ff1245d0161c0c5fe6e5ec73615d050b903c9aeadae18b2223d0def9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485681903.jpg?k=a49e6181c6424a6e65dc4f1ecb8b7576a7c0a24afa4bcb4c1f041cc275804954&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471112141.jpg?k=698a24cce19a22ba70a5595b5d5b97b84cb1bb1932177b13694ccf0a7383c16a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeri Italia 10 m"\n  - "Marion 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "ברעם"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Clean and comfortable close to the bus station. Great”"\n  - name: "Mihaela"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Location is next yo the international bus station which was our main target, so this was convenient. The lady in the shop holds the key. Few local restaurants and shops close to the studio. Inside is perfect for a short stay. WiFi was very good....”"\n  - name: "Jose"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Nice room within walking distance to the Tirana international bus lot. Bed was comfortable and air conditioning very strong for the current heat wave. Refrigerator and small dining table nice extras that would make this a nice place for longer stays.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studenti-studio-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its thoughtfully designed studios, each boasting free WiFi and a cozy seating area, perfect for unwinding after a day of adventure. A notable feature is the shared kitchen, allowing guests the flexibility to prepare meals as they please, a boon for those preferring a taste of home while on the road.

Each air-conditioned unit is a testament to convenience and comfort, equipped with a fully functional kitchen that includes an oven, kettle, and fridge. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, outfitted with slippers and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is memorable.

For those keen on exploring beyond the city's confines, the Rock of Kavaje awaits at a distance of 41 km, offering a perfect day trip opportunity. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the House of Leaves, located just 2 km away, promising a deep dive into the local culture and history.

Conveniently positioned 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Studenti Studio's serves as an ideal base for both short-term visitors and those looking to immerse themselves in the local scene for longer stays. This property not only promises accessibility to key attractions but also a stay that is as hassle-free as it is enjoyable.