---\ntitle: "Studios Florand Sela"\ndescription: "Studios Florand Sela emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by breathtaking mountain and sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140837038.jpg?k=e9160d499576c4d3fc3b0e83df56ec0aff8cfe01f3023e90b2507f3abc25f8cf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studios-florand-sela\naddress: "RRUGA'' ALI PASHE TEPELENA'' NR 10, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77468666\n  lng: 20.00867165\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 73\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140837038.jpg?k=e9160d499576c4d3fc3b0e83df56ec0aff8cfe01f3023e90b2507f3abc25f8cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364992164.jpg?k=57bc38e43aa2195df0a44fa4e740b17f2a4d459886b437c1f5c790df9e3dec68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365815754.jpg?k=b31f68250184dce0cff3384b8827220db7b1379ab78b598e474c39c7bd1ce196&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364990663.jpg?k=804ccaaa27648bc9cf3d14e36da829c460a1c2a6edb662f6b20154e43c1de0e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450066453.jpg?k=6f0943a1b745a10a12605fd8486c5a39e237a5952563362c334a50670e9e2362&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364992411.jpg?k=926b40d5685dbd3aa821cf2de14084186ef20d8dc5c51d7741f6d1ba975a0367&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Studio"\n  - "Studio with Sea View"\n  - "Studio Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 150 m"\n  - "Vela Snack Bar Cafe 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 950 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rachele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Room was big and clean, we appreciated that we could reserve last minute. The host was super nice and welcoming!”"\n  - name: "Julia-marie"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“\"Flori\" was the best host we have ever had in a vacation! Super nice and he is very concerned about his guests. Every morning we got a fresh/selfmade/different breakfast. It was delicious. His wife and also his son are also very cute and helpful...”"\n  - name: "Bartłomiej"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great people. We would like to back as soon as possible 😀”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studios-florand-sela.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Studios Florand Sela is designed to be a haven of relaxation, boasting a private balcony that frames the serene sea, a cable-equipped flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a dining area adjacent to a well-equipped kitchen for those who love to cook. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with shower, slippers, and hair dryer, adds to the comfort, while air conditioning and a safety deposit box ensure peace of mind throughout the stay.

Morning risers are greeted with a diverse breakfast menu, featuring local delicacies, pancakes, and cheese, with the option for breakfast in the room for those who prefer a more intimate setting. The on-site coffee shop and the availability of packed lunches cater to guests on the go, ensuring that every culinary need is met with ease.

For explorers eager to discover the area, Studios Florand Sela offers both bicycle and car rental services, making local excursions both convenient and enjoyable. The proximity to Ksamil Beach and Coco Beach invites guests to immerse themselves in the local beach culture, while the distance to Corfu International Airport facilitates easy travel arrangements for international guests.

In essence, Studios Florand Sela represents a perfect fusion of location, amenities, and service, making it an ideal choice for those looking to experience the best of the area's natural beauty and local charm.