---\ntitle: "Studio Silva"\ndescription: "Studio Silva emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280722056.jpg?k=edbb121a7f56a6ad3523fd89209106b87776d6111d9d5043da776f217e99d6a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-silva\naddress: "Rruga Gjik Kuqali, Pallati Ferrar, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31709985\n  lng: 19.81164447\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280722056.jpg?k=edbb121a7f56a6ad3523fd89209106b87776d6111d9d5043da776f217e99d6a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/64603118.jpg?k=d376a7b1292156416043a05e9555346d8b0c5c75348242e3322130eb29232c61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/64603115.jpg?k=8428e72dc5d2b7a453905fbcf7a7cbc21f17ea250106442482d20b225d718033&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280722058.jpg?k=fdaf322079b31a7a106e6127b38417af82ad8c2d8c73745f16a1d9306a2cc6cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/280722039.jpg?k=b03fcc3de4dff49e30712e01c27868b9471f96563bacaef238751ecbfe49cd59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/53900636.jpg?k=d58c82f86c4b1f398ce8bf37cdc505e48eac7b90765adb9d8176e909912e92ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/64603102.jpg?k=e6757137d498471e222498f1c4f2326e2cb6373f86df2c7bafe3853334939b0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/64603129.jpg?k=8d750adb2b691e2949ae85cf978b6151c267fa4411fc3bd5bb3d1935252032c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/64603091.jpg?k=b697142931653c093393f071fc64d050d5d54e6c2a9b95ce44dc049fd8908d48&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ennio Bar 100 m"\n  - "Mad Lounge 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ljch3"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Perfect location. The appartement has everything you need, very complete.”"\n  - name: "Kejsi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I loved the interior of the studio, it was very nicely done, felt like home, it had all necessary appliances for a comfortable stay. The property had a safety code to enter the main building which made it safe from intruders. Lastly the location...”"\n  - name: "Clemens"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“As I know Tirana quite well I can tell you, that this Apartment is perfectly located for a short city trip.
All the major sights and also the nightlife area are in easiest walking distance
it is a cozy apartment with most of the things needed are...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/suite-silva.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern living, boasting a sleek design with a fully equipped kitchenette, including an oven and toaster, perfect for those who enjoy the flexibility of preparing their own meals. The inclusion of a washing machine adds an extra layer of convenience for guests during their stay. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV featuring a variety of cable channels, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows. Comfort is paramount, as evidenced by the allergy-free environment and a non-smoking policy throughout the apartment. The bathroom is equipped with a walk-in shower, and guests can expect to find towels and bed linen provided, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, Studio Silva offers a range of facilities designed to enhance the guest experience. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring that guests remain connected during their stay. For those looking to explore the city on two wheels, a bicycle rental service is conveniently available. The presence of a lift and full-day security underscores the property's commitment to guest safety and accessibility.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily pick up essentials without having to venture far. The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana invites guests to delve into the rich history and culture of Tirana. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 16 km away, Studio Silva offers a seamless experience for both arriving and departing guests.

In summary, Studio Silva presents a compelling option for those in search of a comfortable, well-equipped base to explore the delights of Tirana. Its thoughtful amenities, coupled with its prime location, make it an attractive choice for discerning travelers.