---\ntitle: "Studio Eno Ksamil"\ndescription: "Studio Eno Ksamil stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in the heart of Ksamil, just a short stroll from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874884.jpg?k=9ce4b44c2fb935a70192081eb46040c992439785ba55c2115becfc928a9049a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-eno-ksamil\naddress: "Road Baba Sherifi & Orfeu Ksamil 18, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76998494\n  lng: 20.0064061\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 4.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874884.jpg?k=9ce4b44c2fb935a70192081eb46040c992439785ba55c2115becfc928a9049a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874919.jpg?k=93c1df61150bdad1303e57c7de51e20d115a1ec6fb719e509f5e1a70e1556357&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874922.jpg?k=6588560ce65b0f2dda8e0834a30e556530a0185e7305d5b7a00bb9704ed836ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874868.jpg?k=2f9fe112c4dad6c1046adc9b91b23b475a9bb691cbfae2d63f5ca9c2d4f68ffc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874886.jpg?k=8ebec992d74bfdca506d36ba60a22748b504b22b09e92ddf5a177ff6c320e79d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874920.jpg?k=71342398c61c0f60281959a76ef523a7b82487e8f8699f442615efe3c15336fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207826253.jpg?k=c256885445c3c06aae1ff3c3dfb0b1a8ba1a8eab4f5e592c601f145856dd032c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471419180.jpg?k=314a00f505cf457b00ac781b3a51987da3c327e98af24c0f707aef79251d99be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453874872.jpg?k=0b88e15783c1db6b3ad53cc506d2eaf3433a85d3adfca750228f8f5fbda8cce7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 100 m"\n  - "Kancelari Mondi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abdullah"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“It was very clean. Owner from the studio very nice people.”"\n  - name: "Martyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was good. The owner was very friendly and she always want to help you! :) We had beautiful view from window. Ksamil is place where you need to go and visit. People are very kindly.”"\n  - name: "Julie"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The owners are friendly and the location is good. 10 mns walking from everything you need.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-eno-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Studio Eno Ksamil are designed with comfort and privacy in mind. Select units boast their own entrances, ensuring a secluded stay, and are equipped with essentials such as a desk and wardrobe. For those who appreciate a view, some rooms offer terraces that gaze out onto the majestic mountains, complemented by modern amenities including satellite flat-screen TVs and air conditioning. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms fitted in each unit, enhancing the overall guest experience.

Families and groups will find the spacious family rooms and the on-site barbecue facilities ideal for creating memorable moments together. Moreover, the property's garden offers a tranquil setting for relaxation or leisure activities.

For adventurers and nature enthusiasts, the proximity to Bora Bora Beach and the renowned Butrint National Park, just a few kilometers away, presents an opportunity to explore the natural beauty of the area. Additionally, the option to engage in fishing near the apartment adds an element of excitement to the stay.

Located 93 km from Corfu International Airport, Studio Eno Ksamil serves as a convenient base for exploring the surrounding region, promising an unforgettable stay marked by comfort, beauty, and adventure.