---\ntitle: "Studio Apartments Villa 24"\ndescription: "Studio Apartments Villa 24 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333994863.jpg?k=0ce6324b50d19ab4a0d932a45afe6e3ae189a0284ecd6288ee67fad501d3d700&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-apartments-villa-24\naddress: "24 Rruga Sotir Kolea, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31991386\n  lng: 19.83025878\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 183\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333994863.jpg?k=0ce6324b50d19ab4a0d932a45afe6e3ae189a0284ecd6288ee67fad501d3d700&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333994897.jpg?k=b142751b69b18b4d9d43cb583ba8f9a0ae89531bc39bf969b08f88060f99e9c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333996357.jpg?k=b32bda45bc0eda96c0e5cb2c01af7ae41226c7f96f81791274940af213f33d2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333995382.jpg?k=ffe08970f341fb11a33fdb1197cb2303c1f3569a05d58a910c68e83440821765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333996231.jpg?k=9c4de89b6b72355053e630f186ba86b537e0221b4fa53bbd4bcadf1761c31e2f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334000758.jpg?k=25c898d21236d64456b840eca51d769ed3dd1acf53d82159090df74d31ed7dd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333994227.jpg?k=dd104a6542ef82386c9f9f3908cfd42452f218bed3e07f591b9b3b934b643d3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/344054470.jpg?k=e74cca73379b9d267658eb02f8fe307772fe5a25ea478e50b4b8252044e3f7c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333996289.jpg?k=5e9c82aa97e3c361fe789f51e0f96546d0f4ced01ec48909f0dc49c9b0132950&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333996691.jpg?k=5cdbf724192beb72350b5d2ca4728bef5be69474c83972f46508b8d3c567cb07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333995878.jpg?k=fed5ab1cc68d1fc0612cb8a1cd922dc7e2d93772ef4862c6daa9f3387cb1a313&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/333996220.jpg?k=144164f01e7c6f9ad87ae470d080fc52594448c399aad302f690405aa99c8268&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kuzhina Grand 40 m"\n  - "Brixhina 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 350 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Segdarovska"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“First of all, I liked the cleanliness of the accommodation, the kindness and warm welcome of the owner, as well as the location. I highly recommend this accommodation.”"\n  - name: "Samija"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The stay was simply amazing - the location, how clean and comfortable it is (the apartments look just like the pictures), the most hospitable and helpful host, everything you could need for an enjoyable stay. I deffinitely recommend it and will be...”"\n  - name: "Rachel"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Lovely apartment with amazing staff, comfortable bed, clean spaces and everything you could need! We arrived very early one morning due to a 1am flight - everything was so easy. Ani had perfect communication we knew how to get in and where to go....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-apartments-vila-24.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless transition into their temporary haven. The establishment prides itself on offering a suite of services designed to enhance the guest experience, including a 24-hour front desk, private check-in and check-out, and even currency exchange facilities.

Each air-conditioned unit within the complex is meticulously equipped to meet the needs of modern travelers. From the practicality of a desk, kettle, and toaster to the comfort of a fridge, safety deposit box, and flat-screen TV, every detail has been considered. The inclusion of a balcony and a private bathroom with a shower elevates the sense of privacy and relaxation. For a personal touch, guests are welcomed with fruits, and the provision of bed linen and towels adds to the convenience.

For those looking to explore the city on two wheels, a bicycle rental service is readily available, offering a unique way to discover Tirana's hidden gems. The apartment's proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Saint Paul Cathedral makes it an ideal base for cultural exploration. Moreover, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 18 km away, Studio Apartments Villa 24 ensures that arrivals and departures are as stress-free as possible.

In summary, Studio Apartments Villa 24 represents a harmonious blend of accessibility, comfort, and attentive service, making it a compelling choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the charm and dynamism of Tirana.