---\ntitle: "Studio in Tirana"\ndescription: "Studio in Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modernity in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473977.jpg?k=ee788235a1115c56d8ecef38a83bb8ace1817ccc2cb8f8b15fd158becf455913&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Adem Jashari, 1056 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31622505\n  lng: 19.81883389\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473977.jpg?k=ee788235a1115c56d8ecef38a83bb8ace1817ccc2cb8f8b15fd158becf455913&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473979.jpg?k=638ae0f397ab8512d41a54f4ae2d046d3906748584327fabdf59081b02771d7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432068779.jpg?k=8c11e1f76b4937232fa6320ffec8dbcdd03e730a7f59e069e475b2ac42ad0272&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432068814.jpg?k=40859d02db84ef1e8062d748dc59197618ba24699935666418626a558dbcbb62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432068789.jpg?k=65c93a3f77dd51fdb49235c105f7968ef747943edb2e5d701f3ae4a8b51ea84c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473987.jpg?k=8a66fe5cbb7243f38d80f8eef3fe47401ec286b372a68cca06fdbbd59e9602c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473984.jpg?k=3062de74553a9ccd8ab3410d9a0becd56f18cdc2fdfe6583fd113701cf2ad81d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473982.jpg?k=9411501bac3bd9a9ff10bc6c8b8c88f4f22d95468d56d74ccc7a2638caa5d2bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438473978.jpg?k=936fb0b2636129c4903ecaf52865e824bc2c71b19e8777f66181f25d1fdea660&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Titos Pizza 100 m"\n  - "Grace 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 800 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 900 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emanuele"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The apartment is delightful and perfect for couples or single travellers. Everything is taken care of to the finest detail and the place provided with everything you need. The host is very customer-friendly and available to give any advice. Highly...”"\n  - name: "Büşra"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“This studio is amazing. Nice design, clean and comfortable. The location is amazing to have a good time and go jogging. Definitely a place I would love to stay again. The host was very welcoming and available when I had a question. Thank you for...”"\n  - name: "Arlinda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, the host Alba was amazing to us, she answered all our questions and helped us with our bags. I can’t wait to come back and stay there again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-in-central-area.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nStrategically positioned, the apartment is a mere 1.5 km from the bustling Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for exploring the city's rich history and culture. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car awaits at a distance of 6.2 km, offering breathtaking views of the surrounding landscapes. Additionally, the property is conveniently located just 700 meters from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a short stroll from the lush expanses of the Grand Park of Tirana.

The accommodation itself is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It features a cozy bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and toaster, perfect for those who enjoy preparing their meals. A washing machine and a bathroom with a shower add to the convenience, while towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided. The added benefit of a private entrance ensures guests enjoy their privacy and independence during their stay.

For those keen to explore local attractions, the apartment is within easy reach of notable sites such as the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the interactive art installation, Reja - The Cloud. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 16 km away, Studio in Tirana stands out as an accessible and inviting option for both short and long-term visitors to this dynamic city.