---\ntitle: "Studio apartment in amazing location! 24h check-in"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from the comfort of a prime Studio apartment, perfectly positioned just a short stroll from the iconic Skanderbeg Square and within easy reach of the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435484242.jpg?k=d220c2a41b07145013da906c321a08009187d62a51a7b50ef8149da9976e4b9e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: studio-apartment-in-amazing-location-24h-check-in\naddress: "Rruga Brigada VIII, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32231475\n  lng: 19.81700665\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435484242.jpg?k=d220c2a41b07145013da906c321a08009187d62a51a7b50ef8149da9976e4b9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435484184.jpg?k=f84028369e9818372082d1e0fdc2b363ad03a12b03a09bd8652e554f7f317cc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495436732.jpg?k=1ded3d82204fddd57a1f08997479af6b9da37c1caac783c4318b1b1f16ddf2cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382027426.jpg?k=b82c50fa0c779d92a26f0479fb92751b82271bfe11c666c0be9982b22214d2d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382027665.jpg?k=cae70d77779a09b7dca36d672fb03f283c0e75aa24a68a10230c17d33190bf6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382027723.jpg?k=26b350f05fcd7908f48d7e5f132485445b9358b4d6b45fcf9576760b2bb67f54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/422013811.jpg?k=274b255c43709a45d877d484bf60cb024c4d8b68f8b9f01e8563eb74420b2552&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388413806.jpg?k=da4213ee98949d64a6c05bf932dadfe74bc4d616fd13adeade88e30e57736838&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382027789.jpg?k=5603a8d9de2b0cab54b2907791d5355c463ebc1f3a977a1c62caa008850ed12d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Saga 10 m"\n  - "Pepper Lounge 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joanna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Brilliant location, within walking distance to all the main attractions. Tedi was very helpful and quick to respond. The apartment had everything we needed for our short stay.”"\n  - name: "Zolzberg"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I loved the location of the apartment. It is conveniently located in the Blloku neighbourhood. Which looked like the centre for the nightlife in Tirana. As well it's very close to the city centre and all the places you should see when visiting...”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The location is superb! And the host took such good care of us. He made sure we had everything and gave us some good tips on what to do around. And the room was nice, clean and modern. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brand-new-studio-apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a study in modern comfort and efficiency. Guests are treated to a cozy bedroom, a living space equipped with a flat-screen TV boasting streaming services for entertainment at any hour, and a kitchen that leaves nothing to be desired. With a microwave, fridge, and even a washing machine at your disposal, the apartment is a true home away from home. The inclusion of a walk-in shower in the bathroom, along with provided towels and bed linen, adds an extra layer of convenience.

For those concerned with peace and privacy, the apartment's soundproofing ensures a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life outside. And with its strict non-smoking policy, the air inside remains fresh and inviting.

Situated in a location that's hard to beat, the apartment is mere moments away from significant cultural landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Pyramid of Tirana, and the whimsical Reja - The Cloud installation. For those looking to explore further afield, the Rock of Kavaje is accessible for a day trip, while the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument is just a leisurely walk away.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 15 km from the doorstep, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

This Studio apartment not only offers a stellar location and modern amenities but also serves as a perfect base for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana, whether you're here for history, culture, or simply to soak in the local atmosphere.