---\ntitle: "Stylish two bedroom house with private pool"\ndescription: "Stylish Two Bedroom House with Private Pool emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396624106.jpg?k=b51f9e31ede61053c6e05c1a441583ed32cc989532e3b9d1faf71103269436d1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stylish-two-bedroom-house-with-private-pool\naddress: "Rruga Kodra e Diellit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30706805\n  lng: 19.79868213\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396624106.jpg?k=b51f9e31ede61053c6e05c1a441583ed32cc989532e3b9d1faf71103269436d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442224686.jpg?k=8f8c1bd8c4f9011be7c7c74c78713436f1772a881b6466f2cfd5dff464a37f77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451389428.jpg?k=76052ca8efb13e5ad7c92f3a4622e53b1bd5dee4d39465a9274d1a1acd9f378b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396624208.jpg?k=2a3ea7dadd4bfffe36589616a8fe0247aafcec879123570255b4a69eacd9986c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396624195.jpg?k=fa6befaba56d613a96c22313c5ec847a45139993c814c24f27c2a21e4a482b14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/396624237.jpg?k=fa4f2a9b17a4a987cdf2e613ed1375bf1c0618d6816b4b2a36cac5f86f4efc49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468496068.jpg?k=e407b4f25028b7d37ee00e49da30e5634e004634772553b8fe79be14284f9fee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451390571.jpg?k=966ff22d52a77496409d12af93f07e8f57e8c9e33f5f386186e4a4f13aa2449b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451388341.jpg?k=8274425549c3ae62136d7238b8d8458f09d030b05e8546c2c5fd9f16837bfaf9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (75 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Villa Cesar 300 m"\n  - "Bonavita 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.6 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1.6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Timo"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“It is very spacious which is nice, it literally looks like the pictures. Also the host is very kind, helped me with my questions and gave us a welcome feeling.”"\n  - name: "Ronnie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Self catering facilities are very good, ideal for a family car is essential to get the best from Albania. Beautiful countryside. Fantastic beach only an hours drive away city centre, full of culture people very pleasant and very welcoming”"\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Super chic apartment with all the facilities one might need. The owner was also very flexible and friendly. Highly recommend.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stylish-two-bedroom-house-with-private-pool.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nThe interior of the villa is thoughtfully designed with two cozy bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essentials, and a living space adorned with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The dining area, alongside a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace boasting mountain views, adds to the charm, making it an ideal retreat for those who appreciate the finer details. The villa prides itself on being an allergy-free and non-smoking environment, enhancing the comfort of its guests. Special touches like wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies upon arrival elevate the stay experience.

For outdoor enthusiasts, the villa offers barbecue facilities for an alfresco dining experience on the private patio during the warmer months. Additionally, guests have the opportunity to explore the area with walking tours or simply enjoy the serene garden.

Located just 3.8 km from Skanderbeg Square and 8.5 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the villa's location allows easy access to some of Tirana's notable attractions. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 15 km away, making Stylish Two Bedroom House with Private Pool an ideal choice for both leisure and exploration in the heart of Tirana.