---\ntitle: "Stylish Studio Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town"\ndescription: "Stylish Studio Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of historical charm and modern comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506820.jpg?k=8a2bfca95d1ab480ac7462dc450d717c03930f6af2c660de8f5e7a1d95c05d1e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: stylish-studio-apartment-new-bazaar-old-town\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33168233\n  lng: 19.82507653\nprice: "US$62"\npriceFrom: 62\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506820.jpg?k=8a2bfca95d1ab480ac7462dc450d717c03930f6af2c660de8f5e7a1d95c05d1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506855.jpg?k=643edda02558a9ea676829f0fad7f1a83ce396fa8a3f77060cfb1d96a0fd4ca6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506835.jpg?k=1e8f4fd46aad566f9123a79859bd789611f04fb4f83681483da389ac44f23747&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506838.jpg?k=cf1b5bb70e7f0e2cfcb88d3205fad771e1b858915d54f6c6a7dff31c8fa9e5ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506849.jpg?k=3c60b6822349fc29f8dddc072c2062d69854cc927f462d9875c6e2f5756191d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506844.jpg?k=ac729f4d85d2f8490dc9196b9bdbaa85f0db49e7163bd85d4571ad409b25c0c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506857.jpg?k=5ea787c652f0ba8c1943ebe1dc27e46c4b8df3fee6f4048ecb476b06cf052258&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506834.jpg?k=a7144bbb6048757535ab32081fe81f2eb30ae212aff3eb48b46ce475843c1884&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502506860.jpg?k=c79eb27b3d7c2198ad04ba9af31a313b08f8605f93b234306646d2b5e8e0af91&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ylli Hidri Soni Fish 40 m"\n  - "Bar Trattoria Logu 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Atg"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very easy self check in and great communication with the host. Got a video with clear instructions to get there and the place was very easy to find.
The apartment is pretty new with almost everything you need for a stay and it's close to city...”"\n  - name: "Xhulia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing location. The apartment was very clean, new and had everything we needed. The host was also super responsive. Red had videos of the location, if you are not good with maps. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Blerim"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Die Lage war sehr gut und die Einrichtung war alles neu und der Eigentümern hat immer geantwortet und war da wenn was ist 👍”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stylish-studio-apartment-new-bazaar-old-town.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nA recent renovation has breathed new life into this 1980s apartment, ensuring guests enjoy contemporary comforts without sacrificing the building's historical essence. The apartment boasts a well-appointed kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, alongside a cozy seating area, a sleek flat-screen TV, and a modern bathroom equipped with a shower. The addition of free WiFi and air conditioning enhances the convenience factor, making it an ideal home away from home.

Guests are treated to captivating city views, a testament to the apartment's prime location. The smoke-free environment ensures a pleasant stay for all guests. Situated just 1.8 km from the intriguing Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the apartment also places visitors within easy reach of notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania.

For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making Stylish Studio Apartment - New Bazaar - Old Town an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike. This property stands out as a top selection for those eager to immerse themselves in the historical and cultural offerings of Tirana, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully designed living space.