---\ntitle: "Sueño Apartments"\ndescription: "Sueño Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499227792.jpg?k=59fb90fe306c6a5684bd16ecf068445c79ddcfa8b3a1503d12d813e2ccfa6f93&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sue-o-apartments\naddress: "Njazi Meka, 1007 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34810206\n  lng: 19.83325371\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 123\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499227792.jpg?k=59fb90fe306c6a5684bd16ecf068445c79ddcfa8b3a1503d12d813e2ccfa6f93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452276412.jpg?k=58b103dbbfc62d0a89dd566cbf26d6a2afb8b28a2e1b2b04563195fa4dd9c5c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434173378.jpg?k=deab7be21d78f93a4ee6b01856c8cb40c7f84386461c2bb9ae57ac286f568b7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440644799.jpg?k=61cc03eb6d5390ae51ac81b8b4f481b71c6468b7a71cb8a7d856c67162d33c80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442349236.jpg?k=36fe23347c04cc3ecab21ec136388509d19d115eb45a5f974fe85316b22b0d7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452077819.jpg?k=9221138b9c3c53d57a890549932b9f6aeff74ae8e4a00661765a2785df3067df&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.5 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 450 m"\n  - "Fast Food 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.5 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 2.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Blerta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hygiene
Spacious
All Facilities top Balcony view
Welcoming staff each one of them
Equiped kitchen and bathroom
Warm and quiet
Elevator
Family market on ground floor where you could find anything Strong Wifi”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Really nice place. Everything was clean. Very easy to find and very close to the center of Tirana. Definitely would visit again.”"\n  - name: "A"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything about the apartment.
Great value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sueno-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Sueño Apartments are treated to a serene mountain view, a rarity in the bustling cityscape. Each apartment is a testament to modern living, featuring balconies that offer sweeping views of the city, satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment, and dining areas for intimate meals. The well-equipped kitchens cater to those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the private bathrooms come with thoughtful touches such as slippers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable stay.

The convenience at Sueño Apartments extends beyond the rooms. A bar on-site provides a cozy spot for evening relaxation, and for those preferring to dine in, a grocery delivery service and a minimarket are readily available. The addition of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the property underscores the commitment to guest satisfaction.

For explorers eager to delve into Albania's rich culture, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is located just 2.8 km away, making cultural excursions easy. Meanwhile, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 14 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers.

In summary, Sueño Apartments offers a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and connectivity, making it an excellent choice for visitors to Tirana looking for a memorable stay.