---\ntitle: "Sui's Home"\ndescription: "Sui's Home emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location that places guests mere steps away from the city's most iconic landmarks, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Museum of History Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372015759.jpg?k=62c9000f7c2b12fccd56aa377c214266066f71459f7b11b1a181b272fafffbba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sui-s-home\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Myzeqari Ap nr.8, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33242131\n  lng: 19.81405729\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 85\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372015759.jpg?k=62c9000f7c2b12fccd56aa377c214266066f71459f7b11b1a181b272fafffbba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363984134.jpg?k=9b4e18bccf597cd283108e38d6134c4fe657c6146f455fa4e4c068740f790d92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376093283.jpg?k=0140b3db0e0abedfe5a3fbd6a4202aee31dc0d22899d27a6bbe0c18f4d30b35b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376078651.jpg?k=2dc2a7b1089bf2393c4be01450dff66b7f50e8b04da6b31a235b62ab5c20b365&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376078650.jpg?k=dc89da6b33c8cec444a9113a8d98bb0fce5b5068afd0d267592293bec67f863b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376098697.jpg?k=58c8904dc89b61ca8274b2fcce81ac411cfd52fcff38e697368cf9a9999679af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365201833.jpg?k=06099747e485219bb055e89206cd00a5df17c78ce3c1aec63256be2fce0dd194&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376092910.jpg?k=b36e1bf3b8981b1accfe9ff21acb6224fb9c76beb13c4c5e9dc4dd131f3067e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372744621.jpg?k=5e7c6aeb286715d094cdbd3e8a75164dba263e40b1ce9238ba8863bf420fd795&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Comfort 30 m"\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eno"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The property was newly renovated with a great selection of modern furniture and great lighting. The host was extremely nice and helpful, prepared to assist us with any needs at any time. Even checking in throughout our stay, asking if he could...”"\n  - name: "Alina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The whole experience was fantastic from start to finish. Stiv is an amazing host and was very accommodating. He helped us out in many ways and it was greatly appreciated. The property is lovely - clean, functional, and in a great location. Highly...”"\n  - name: "Justyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful apartment fully equipped, with spacious bedroom and kitchen. Everything clean and tidy. The owner was extremely helpful and friendly, additionally he advised on sightseeing, helped with the transfer to the airport. I would definitely...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ledis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Sui's Home is undoubtedly its well-appointed apartments. Each unit features a balcony that presents sweeping views of the cityscape, alongside a cozy bedroom, a spacious living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven. The luxury of a walk-in shower in the bathroom, coupled with the thoughtful addition of wine or champagne and fruits upon arrival, sets the tone for a memorable stay. For added convenience, guests have access to essential amenities such as bed linen, towels, and laundry services.

For those looking to unwind, the in-house bar serves as the perfect spot to relax after a day of exploration. Additionally, the presence of a minimarket on the premises caters to any last-minute needs or cravings. For adventurers keen on exploring Tirana on two wheels, Sui's Home offers a bicycle rental service, adding a layer of convenience to discovering the city's charm.

Strategically located, Sui's Home is within walking distance of notable attractions such as the House of Leaves, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the Clock Tower Tirana. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 13 km away, with the option of a paid airport shuttle service available for a hassle-free transfer.

In essence, Sui's Home stands out as a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and proximity to Tirana's cultural heartbeat.