---\ntitle: "Suite Terrace Rooms & Apartments"\ndescription: "Suite Terrace Rooms & Apartments emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking both the tranquility of mountain views and the convenience of modern amenities in Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233469199.jpg?k=0597ee83b965f1ac6b71eea208e6af5fde1f10788054f3223fc999253811a176&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suite-terrace-rooms-apartments\naddress: "Bulevar Fan Noli, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61580731\n  lng: 20.77691542\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 62\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/233469199.jpg?k=0597ee83b965f1ac6b71eea208e6af5fde1f10788054f3223fc999253811a176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245364508.jpg?k=f782cb44862e991dff7ed4cb34b0907c802d29228364b8c1c3f8ba9364624ea5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245364308.jpg?k=cae159eafe214774a9d77940bf1e7e12374e72aa000c4b24a777ed6e6eb00b7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226286281.jpg?k=01da0f0ebd64a5194779adbfeb023af5e446706cc1f8d8634cea304cf2ce9b15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226283527.jpg?k=9481ebfd80ba853758b44dbed5b598a31a6eba70acaa697c1c12cfc2a674c551&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245364311.jpg?k=912e1c69171d0ff50aabdc18e308bb5ba2c6b3be959f1c502cbe24ed76311f78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/226283078.jpg?k=50a6a1daeff92cec80998bf7b057aea7b7ad7f136066b489b703957943daf582&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493617231.jpg?k=c9b289289953dfa0230b641bc6a301a68f61bc95749f6d9e8515747de3fa48e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/245364513.jpg?k=1030e2a3f1fef0a6df4be977ab7c82176cc107f133c4896d0957c381e8902cb6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita 20 m"\n  - "Mangalli Pazari I Korçës 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 20 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 20 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 550 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 600 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sophia"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice rooftop with wonderful views all over the city, perfect for yoga in the morning”"\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Comfy bed, big terrace with views over the city, close to old town, great help and advice from Mario.”"\n  - name: "Alexander"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Appartment is a penthouse on 8th floor with a large terrace. Newly decorated, large bathroom”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-suite-terrace.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with the promise of comfort and convenience, thanks to the 24-hour front desk, an elevator for easy access, and the added benefit of currency exchange services on-site. The accommodations at Suite Terrace Rooms & Apartments are thoughtfully designed with the guest's needs in mind. Each unit boasts a desk, a private bathroom with a shower and slippers, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning to ensure a comfortable stay. For those who appreciate the outdoors, select rooms also feature a terrace, providing a perfect setting to unwind and soak in the city or garden views. Additionally, allergy-free options are available, catering to the needs of every guest.

The convenience extends beyond the rooms, with a minimarket located within the guest house, ensuring that essentials are always within reach. For those eager to explore, sightseeing tours can be arranged nearby, offering a glimpse into the rich history and natural beauty of the area. Moreover, a car rental service is available on-site, providing the freedom to discover the surroundings at one's own pace.

Located 71 km from Kastoria National Airport, Suite Terrace Rooms & Apartments stands as an ideal choice for travelers in search of a comfortable, convenient, and culturally rich lodging experience in Korçë.