---\ntitle: "Suite In City Center"\ndescription: "Suite In City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414822510.jpg?k=eadabea6c41c6d96e6872307bac9a974c6e5696b17841120af09cc671fb56d11&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suite-in-city-center\naddress: "Rruga e Saraçëve Floor 5, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33309217\n  lng: 19.82300542\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414822510.jpg?k=eadabea6c41c6d96e6872307bac9a974c6e5696b17841120af09cc671fb56d11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414822214.jpg?k=3b838c7f39ab4d0756e30555d36f3fd2976eb009736bb2d3d164862df5b77f0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414822370.jpg?k=f9313b084ae078493e9d7e49a66299da454d15f35e445b4da0c113a7b109a97e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414821037.jpg?k=a77e29bfd776f153e9540d4c2a416406fd5efc412bfccd3d435f675e017d8561&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407710953.jpg?k=a2f3d2df55050437fb3a4b7b5e2e58e80559c6634c147de73daff393751561ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414821655.jpg?k=279078d2c4d21e19ea5d798975ebcc8740326dfb777262856ea1a60013c9b096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414821147.jpg?k=dbff8e4aba3573f494bbf6ed4808d1e50be5d1b6d27db303dd9b4747af079f59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495767800.jpg?k=f60f32e4652ca15cb9a39f2d94ee6217f51962233e0bf4618b557b471d6ea80a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495772319.jpg?k=5119fabee2c5affff8f2e1b953594092dcf38b9d7ab5957fb5508beb46da2214&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrektore 10 m"\n  - "Blua Fish 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iva15"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartament is really great! There is nothing wrong. Ideally located, very clean, very well decorated and the host was adorable.
Highly recommend!”"\n  - name: "De"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Eigenlijk beviel alles. Het appartement is schoon en is precies zoals de foto’s en omschrijving. Daarnaast ligt het bed voortreffelijk. De locatie is geweldig. Ook zijn de host en zijn moeder enorm lieve mensen! Ze helpen je meteen als je iets...”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto. Dall'accoglienza iniziale a quella di supporto su whatsapp. Jacuzzi ottima, c'era rakia offerta. Grazie mille ancora.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/deluxe-apartment-in-city-center.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a serene haven amidst the city's hustle and bustle. Guests are treated to stunning city views, a testament to the apartment's prime location. Moreover, the Suite In City Center is a mere stone's throw from significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the mesmerizing Rock of Kavaje, making it an ideal base for history buffs and adventure seekers alike.

The apartment itself is a marvel of modern amenities and comfort. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a hot tub, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a flat-screen TV for entertainment and a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook. The bedroom promises a restful night's sleep, while the quiet street views add an extra layer of tranquility to the stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is available throughout the property, ensuring that guests can stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures with ease. For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre are conveniently located nearby.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, making Suite In City Center a hassle-free option for international travelers.

In summary, Suite In City Center stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those who wish to experience Tirana in all its glory, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural proximity that is hard to match.