---\ntitle: "Suit Apartment Golem, Durres"\ndescription: "Suit Apartment Golem, Durres, emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Golem, offering guests a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225432.jpg?k=8f2fde365a7fa7c33ab9be56709dea21a948f013af4451229bb432fc2ff1aad4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suit-apartment-golem-durres\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali 4th floor, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24202673\n  lng: 19.5219901\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225432.jpg?k=8f2fde365a7fa7c33ab9be56709dea21a948f013af4451229bb432fc2ff1aad4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225366.jpg?k=025d8b8daa5bd0a240b4b5c040e0fd5a690702529766efe115f98f1a14b44e6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225375.jpg?k=18f4a331fbb15d5df3f763fc70eb724b599d733e802f6751fe33d4e64383bd03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225501.jpg?k=0be9a6fa6a11ade37d3e2a58b11b4017baf2e63e608dfbcf42271ed471b5639b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225426.jpg?k=4fb0bc5dd3e111608eefb348daf96b239277b8fb7ea35b0706e9edbe0a5ae2ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225342.jpg?k=59187022dcfafde48f08979a1f88a0d30e015b1831aca22693254d0ccf87e8fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225406.jpg?k=7a83e523e9f974ce4daea912a08601a0a65555efa7e57d1609921f8d199a1801&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225263.jpg?k=7f7b71c3a9879db83844974e51c1470e309b6551ecf8048847db93d9d8bc2de9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485225348.jpg?k=c643d6db01844ed7432cb0ab515e54bd382b29b430a0aed50cd7534185f483fc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Engel 100 m"\n  - "Hena Restorant 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 700 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Egle"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“A lovely modern apartment with a nice balcony to have breakfast or just to relax. Well equipped. Really comfortable beds. The host was very flexible with arrival and departure times.”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo miły i sprawny kontakt z właścicielką. Okolica spokojna, dużo hoteli i knajpek, blisko do plaży. Apartament znajduje się na 4 piętrze stosunkowo nowego budynku mieszkalnego. Bardzo wygodne łóżka, klimatyzatory w obu pokojach, wygodna łazienka.”"\n  - name: "Aleksandars55"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, the apartment is close to the beach, and it has everything you might need while staying there. I would recommend it to anyone”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/beach-apartment-golem-durres-golem.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis accommodation doesn't just boast an enviable location; it also provides guests with a suite of amenities designed for comfort and convenience. The apartment features air conditioning, a necessity for the warm, sunny days that Golem is known for. It houses a bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and a coffee machine, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to detail.

One of the standout features of Suit Apartment Golem, Durres, is its outdoor dining area, offering guests the opportunity to enjoy their meals al fresco while soaking in the tranquil street views. The convenience extends beyond the apartment's walls, with a minimarket on the premises ensuring that essentials are always within reach.

For those looking to explore beyond the local beaches, the property facilitates adventure through its car rental service, providing an easy way for guests to discover the surrounding areas. Notable destinations within reach include Skanderbeg Square, located 46 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, just 5 km from the apartment. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 41 km away, makes Suit Apartment Golem, Durres, a practical choice for international travelers.

In summary, Suit Apartment Golem, Durres, presents a compelling option for those seeking a blend of beachside bliss and home-like comfort. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful conveniences, it stands as a prime choice for travelers to Golem.