---\ntitle: "Suloti House Lungomare"\ndescription: "Suloti House Lungomare emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, boasting a coveted private beach area and enchanting garden views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475103256.jpg?k=c7916049923e106699fc56ab2ebb31532486570a0c037566fc0de1fb74a47747&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suloti-house-lungomare\naddress: "Rruga Pavlo Flloko, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44326296\n  lng: 19.49895566\nprice: "US$68"\npriceFrom: 68\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475103256.jpg?k=c7916049923e106699fc56ab2ebb31532486570a0c037566fc0de1fb74a47747&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472824418.jpg?k=2e1310bc697f04a3a94529730aaf590881cb59b5adc6868e6da25bb1460fe8ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475103279.jpg?k=8eb4f81e2d33c6ab2a9501f125137ba793b83c2b752e64a122bdd6bb2988780d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475103303.jpg?k=174b4905bceb52361ee602cef1e241f5aff9098035cf960cca89bf6ee90397cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475103246.jpg?k=6392a41dd9b8028b685c3c1f619e64e3453e880e993fe67fb4abca34cac4aaf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472824405.jpg?k=a47dcc1b77161d8cc19b126c48c7838bb8deec604c89e43ada6c23b237f7251c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House J&E Restorant 200 m"\n  - "Taverna del Mare 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 950 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 850 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice people. Comfortable place, very cleaned. Everything new, air condition. The beach is very close. I suggest this place for a comfortable holidays.”"\n  - name: "Vroomans"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Het appartementje was heel schoon en op een fijne lokatie. De fam. Was super aardig en hielp ons met van alles. Het strand was heel gezellig en de boulevard ook.”"\n  - name: "Ботош"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Найбільше сподобались умови та турбота зі сторони власників. Апартаменти мають сучасне обладнання та новий ремонт”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/suloti-house-lungomare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Suloti House Lungomare are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool retreat from the warm Mediterranean sun. Guests will find the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi, making stays both hassle-free and connected. The living spaces are thoughtfully appointed with a seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The dining area and private bathroom add to the home-away-from-home feel, with select units boasting either a balcony or patio for an added touch of luxury.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is readily available, providing the perfect opportunity to discover the nearby Vjetër Beach, located 2.5 km away, or the historic Kuzum Baba at 3.2 km distance. For international travelers, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 152 km away, is a thoughtful addition to the array of services offered.

Suloti House Lungomare is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to the captivating beauty of Vlorë, offering a blend of privacy, comfort, and accessibility for an unforgettable getaway.