---\ntitle: "Summertime Luxury Apartment with amazing Sea View"\ndescription: "Summertime Luxury Apartment with Amazing Sea View stands as a premier beachfront destination in Durrës, offering guests an unparalleled experience just a few steps from Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach and a short stroll from Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378688766.jpg?k=ac7d54876b3773f6d4fb506ac3c5c4026ded66215fc1b2dd7bd475c0e7ca5a9e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: summertime-luxury-apartment-with-amazing-sea-view\naddress: "Shkembi i Kavajes, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.27582033\n  lng: 19.51520865\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378688766.jpg?k=ac7d54876b3773f6d4fb506ac3c5c4026ded66215fc1b2dd7bd475c0e7ca5a9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476099433.jpg?k=d8078af6862753b1d7555a47b4f4e3ab092e528264d68051747f9f556ec36897&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377128639.jpg?k=5efa03eaec860ebfc9ea490fdfdd6739e8aa5f60fdd94e0de1716e25a86c200d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377128612.jpg?k=eb2ae5ad71a4647f405dffd19f22d109de6953b3e43148ea69727cd3f0910010&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486101259.jpg?k=94a45831241883e03c63806770fb6c27cdf3a36299fdb86f076abab1d04c896f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476098906.jpg?k=66af54f3393b1b94542232b35973d374e4c3e2f6bdbfcf656037a320767fc9d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486101571.jpg?k=33ed60d08c1805980caa15e04ca26d8c6754b497840e73199f708d9557a9f80d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464459421.jpg?k=33491119a6f9d5435aa473c201a4831336f8a700afa976ab404583afe463efe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486101801.jpg?k=bda37c5ee231762716c10f50b33c77f3b41e973f1adbd86f05ddf7305876e573&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Orkide 50 m"\n  - "Hotel Espana 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 0 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dávid"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Páratlan kilátás a tengerre, tágas terasz függőággyal, tiszta szobák, jól felszerelt konyha, kényelmes ágyak, segítőkész szállásadók. A tengerpart, sok bolt és étterem a közvetlen közelben.”"\n  - name: "Lirim"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Unser Aufenthalt im Hotel mit Meerblick war einfach großartig! Die beeindruckende Aussicht, der erstklassige Service und die komfortablen Zimmer haben uns begeistert. Das Personal war äußerst freundlich und die Annehmlichkeiten trugen zur...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/summertime-luxury-apartment-with-amazing-sea-view-durres1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious luxury, boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. It is well-appointed with two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary desires. Additionally, the apartment features a bathroom complete with a bidet, while towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Guests can also enjoy meals in the fresh air thanks to the outdoor dining area.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Skanderbeg Square is located 42 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and culture of the area. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 46 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for an adventurous outing with stunning views. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated 36 km from Summertime Luxury Apartment, making it an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

Summertime Luxury Apartment with Amazing Sea View is more than just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises memorable experiences against the backdrop of the Adriatic Sea, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in Durrës.