---\ntitle: "Sun&Moon Ohridlake Apartments"\ndescription: "Sun&Moon Ohridlake Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront retreat in Pogradec, merely a stone's throw away from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881084.jpg?k=5f158955ec324b303d5472ccf82a94703d56e66303e2038ac0a5f14d939a2f41&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sun-moon-ohridlake-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Dëshmorët e Pojskës, 7300 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90062431\n  lng: 20.66899886\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881084.jpg?k=5f158955ec324b303d5472ccf82a94703d56e66303e2038ac0a5f14d939a2f41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881096.jpg?k=fbbf3bfd0e3fa7994c64bf77dc5054ef6f166dd6271f5de889a1a57bb9268450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881056.jpg?k=7461d7d84401b7b3099d16fa4f3d35c31c6e39ed5f4a5f8b3866e88d75b40493&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881079.jpg?k=1990a18dfdaa4c75e37fe302a2dc350e99e13702c3e2280c53445e733043aa56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289698551.jpg?k=0eb62b3c34bf9e609383965324774afbacd06009e93a093bd1fe33fd89a790de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210824923.jpg?k=610fa5b008785e25482f0c09ff5780de7c6ab2d698c4c092fbb1282df6ade603&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881063.jpg?k=4615f0ecdf77aa459ec28155e9eb0a135acc3b1d04aa5f1f9b7c68d893d6527a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/208881112.jpg?k=b494e776ae3656510990ac7a62fcb8374c07302df75485593813dbf3d695cdb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289697715.jpg?k=4722ce7ff1cebabc9af6a74a5027bcc3801a588f11a8ef8e63ceb6ada5bf5632&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ambient per femije 40 m"\n  - "Bar Eleven 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 200 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olav"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“First of all, a very nice landlord, she helped us out with a lot - and very quick response😀Very good location, just some meters to a nice beach. Just around the corner it’s tiny cafe making delicious and fresh byrek. Nice ladies working there as...”"\n  - name: "Oresti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were amazing, I really enjoyed the stay and the fact that everything was clean and well-organised. The location was perfect, which means that you can enjoy both city and lake at the same time.
10/10”"\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“very comfortable, very clean and convenient position by the lake promenade.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-amp-moon-ohridlake-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Sun&Moon Ohridlake Apartments are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that boast a harmonious blend of comfort and style. Each apartment is equipped with a seating area, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchenette for those who love to whip up their meals, and a dining area for intimate dinners. The private bathrooms are meticulously fitted with a hair dryer for convenience. Select units elevate the experience further with either a terrace or balcony, offering splendid views or a breath of fresh air.

Notably, the aparthotel takes pride in its soundproof rooms, ensuring that every guest finds a tranquil haven, undisturbed by the outside world. The provision of bed linen and towels in each unit adds a touch of home-like comfort, making stays even more enjoyable.

For those intrigued by historical and cultural explorations, the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid are both situated 38 km away, promising enriching day trips. Additionally, the proximity to Ohrid Airport, located 45 km from the aparthotel, facilitates ease of travel for international and domestic visitors alike.

Sun&Moon Ohridlake Apartments stands out as a beacon of relaxation and convenience, promising an unforgettable stay by the shores of one of the region's most beautiful lakes.