---\ntitle: "Sun & Sea Apartment"\ndescription: "Sun & Sea Apartment emerges as a prime beachfront gem in Durrës, offering guests an unparalleled blend of convenience and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138379145.jpg?k=7c4200930c0765882fe563b00b286ccb4649570ee7fabfe90e7f2f4f3c60c050&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sun-sea-apartment\naddress: "Shetitorja e Plazhit, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30410414\n  lng: 19.49221909\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138379145.jpg?k=7c4200930c0765882fe563b00b286ccb4649570ee7fabfe90e7f2f4f3c60c050&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140792493.jpg?k=0100aacf1e9a5a4a86c7e8148b34066e1499617f4a6f24badddf9ca567327442&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138379144.jpg?k=518725540b69cb36de16163c514288dc10062a9f636b5ba33d53bcbdfc446a46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140792587.jpg?k=cbd197120274b0d759ab489d88c486286edac2aba265c285e692aa4f559d68b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146160124.jpg?k=75aa5a8977cb6c530ccc083fae712ca7cb62338720dc2c4f734fcc4d20c32a20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/146158520.jpg?k=6eb8b331699fe03bf3531ab9a299ff5f2d40025492cf0d9db9f94cc0bb6465b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140791053.jpg?k=5fee02c01f70977154dc589aae879cba364cf085700f3057bce5f5a107a7e537&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140791489.jpg?k=d553b105f20f35f8223628a1985c0a6a2f4babbe56a686191555b8b8f57cced0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/140791519.jpg?k=d444276d0d491d0314766e771a31fd190d05f8ff77b3fd1ae9f7dd431a9104e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food Henry 50 m"\n  - "Puerto Del Sol 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anđela"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Apartman kao sa slika, odličan.
Domaćin prijatan, uslužan, profesionalan.
Sve pohvale.”"\n  - name: "Morena"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Perfect location, just a few steps from the beach. Great apartment, with everything we needed. And last, but not least - kindest host. Recommending this apartment.”"\n  - name: "Ladislav"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Dispozičně dobře řešené a prostorné apartmá s částečným výhledem a blízko moře. Cítili jsme se tam jako doma.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-amp-sea-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis accommodation boasts a well-appointed layout featuring a single bedroom and bathroom, complemented by essentials such as bed linen and towels. The living space is equipped with a TV offering cable channels, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own food. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, presenting breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate any stay. The outdoor dining area, overlooking the serene garden, offers a perfect setting for guests to enjoy their meals amidst nature.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to the immediate needs of the guests. The apartment also prioritizes privacy with a dedicated private entrance for each accommodation unit.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to significant landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, located 39 km and 7.4 km away, respectively. Additionally, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje are within easy reach, offering unique experiences and exploration opportunities. For travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 33 km away, making Sun & Sea Apartment an ideal choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a tranquil beachfront retreat with easy access to local attractions.