---\ntitle: "Sun apartment in the heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Sun Apartment shines as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the vibrant heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725547.jpg?k=4a5a1e17b440104b041426e7f1f193d4d2cb9a1c3f915817aa17d2cff05c3d19&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sun-apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "8RG8+2C, Rruga Reshit Çollaku, Tirana 1001 8, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32506929\n  lng: 19.81605202\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 38\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725547.jpg?k=4a5a1e17b440104b041426e7f1f193d4d2cb9a1c3f915817aa17d2cff05c3d19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725635.jpg?k=6ebc4907f74e75c2ca65c53c9fc8404dee2dbbc17ab0f8d8c3a6733ed38228b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725650.jpg?k=6d16b0ddb6071ba88ab86f51ff3623509ef27d2e2a7d3033a1bb93ba20312374&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725603.jpg?k=5cb7157634b0f3334f4e466d625d0418b3f93b96c8318dd43af864ff2a605a34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725655.jpg?k=e701ae6dcace181e548ba2c7c33060f18a14a520adde1179adee724738f19270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725642.jpg?k=eb5e3c2c408fe584b3bb065709a3338ad4208eb3cbfeacd75dcfaf1c9b061236&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725646.jpg?k=1edb31a98ced9a0fc2a9299a0f76a33e982e65466a2437ae5170ac48f4cd49b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725628.jpg?k=401d53333ed69fc2a78046cf438e6a536c176648bc0002ddb2f8a820fafbd52f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479725598.jpg?k=cb22979664fe2c4431f14405e654b77b968bcd73735ec85412c99974ac67372c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serrano 30 m"\n  - "Vila Shard 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kadra"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is very spacious, very clean and an absolute bargain. The host provided all the details the night before and even let us check in earlier as the apartment was ready. Please try the crepe and spinach pie from the old kiosk on the main...”"\n  - name: "Antreprenor"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The flat is absolutely amazing (and huge), very clean, equiped with anything you might need, with a lovely design, confortable bed. It is way better in reality than in photos. The location is perfect, right in the heart of Tirana, close to the...”"\n  - name: "Gianluca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Clean and big apartment near Skanderberg sq and at walk distance from tourist sites and restaurants. Excellent”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-apartment-in-the-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting two well-appointed bedrooms, the apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals in the comfort of their temporary home. The living area, featuring a flat-screen TV and cozy seating, provides a perfect setting for relaxation after a day of city adventures. The convenience of a bathroom equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to guest comfort.

For those looking to delve into Tirana's vibrant city life, Sun Apartment is conveniently located near popular attractions such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, further enhances the appeal of Sun Apartment as a choice accommodation for both short and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.