---\ntitle: "Sun Tower Apartments"\ndescription: "Sun Tower Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496422992.jpg?k=8828dd64525aeccb014387197d134373884a6b563f2e5a2d7f71707a84e56ff4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sun-tower-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pandi Dardha, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33685342\n  lng: 19.79866591\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496422992.jpg?k=8828dd64525aeccb014387197d134373884a6b563f2e5a2d7f71707a84e56ff4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423317.jpg?k=55f04b77dc79ce8ab5216e064cae2b7cc9df023914e609ee18b835057b8dbbfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423188.jpg?k=85d71b02870d162f8b01f2cfc8bd4092805d43e0f865b0b19afc28d23e8da618&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423015.jpg?k=e2fbed89a1c8e8d22118bcbdb03ad7488c0077ecaddd22ee8428f240baba2482&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423353.jpg?k=41dc67a796790d80a5f07d95929ed3fb7583bf03fb3c2265916e644aac6281a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423107.jpg?k=56d5717b7c05d29838858836a84fd6c6865905d331c22ad46c0f2fd6321b21ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423336.jpg?k=d19afefe27182473db71bdf6ad51ec0980f19074cbead7412388730529bd17f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423367.jpg?k=684c18ca5f97f8c1cf7d618d2d6a8022d3b8d699887ca2d908560dae21382c22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496423180.jpg?k=89b78c9937988af2543b55e4bc6a37c9efa48d223e49d069ae77b20e6a37b88c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pajisje per Bare Restorante Edra 200 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Korca 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.5 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.5 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erisa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was very clean, cozy, it had all the facilities that i needed. The view was really nice and I liked the balcony. The host was polite and willing to respond for everything i needed. Will definitely come back 💯”"\n  - name: "K"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartment was new, clean, spacious and well equipped and with all essentials in order.
It’s very conveniently located. The host was great and responsive. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Carmem"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It had washing machine and aircon and the location was great”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-tower-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring air-conditioned spaces that include a bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a bathroom. Entertainment needs are well catered for with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a relaxing end to their day.

For those keen on exploring the rich history of Tirana, the National Museum of History Albania is conveniently located just 2.5 km away, making it an easy addition to any itinerary. Similarly, Rinia Park offers a slice of nature and is only 2.6 km from the apartment, perfect for leisurely strolls or morning jogs.

Situated 40 km from the Rock of Kavaje and a mere 2.3 km from the intriguing House of Leaves, Sun Tower Apartments is strategically placed for guests to delve into the cultural tapestry of the area. Additionally, the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 3.1 km away, provides a unique glimpse into the country's past.

Accessibility is a breeze with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 12 km away, making Sun Tower Apartments an ideal base for both short-term and extended stays in Tirana. With its combination of comfort, convenience, and a smoke-free environment, this property stands out as a top choice for discerning travelers.