---\ntitle: "Suncity Tirana Luxury Apartments (Ap. 01)"\ndescription: "Suncity Tirana Luxury Apartments (Ap."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230359.jpg?k=48fa640ced6019777aa12750c931201518ceccb79d73bc5d6a722dcad54e9d81&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suncity-tirana-luxury-apartments-ap-01\naddress: "2 Rruga Kodra e Diellit, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30807506\n  lng: 19.79521036\nprice: "US$95"\npriceFrom: 95\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230359.jpg?k=48fa640ced6019777aa12750c931201518ceccb79d73bc5d6a722dcad54e9d81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230591.jpg?k=b86972f9e23a7a83d2ffeeb71e8f1db219fc29f8ab5934caaef8423d2ec25b55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230499.jpg?k=1e4949719d3324e4077b4bd3f3ef18aa4e7bd4531f4f3360e287f1f91d4ff1eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230526.jpg?k=a1e64f06c5cdf3f0a7f174d69df00e732babd8c6d12568616d8751ca20226bf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230566.jpg?k=9f0b2b8f052c69419a2181128aead7fa59ce33c3073aa32d6e373d09b88c75df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230522.jpg?k=99895ec63270b9af286eb473e41679e5663106b7bb1fcaad7bf8be7445012b81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230446.jpg?k=6e5093c918d6df87a4e9a6e4b3895d42b7fe8b0438e6b3298a863f08a88ab4dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230567.jpg?k=b6a5d17dc23d9815367e18d27c495e630f5ed29657748718bb5426b78547ea5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512230435.jpg?k=50116b8a37dfb483937b9e53e0a891996ac17f8dc8615bbe6fc50e84178be757&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (99 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Wonderbites 450 m"\n  - "La Collina 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.8 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.9 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property is definitely luxurious in a gated community which makes you feel safe at all times. The neighborhood is very quiet and doesn’t give you that chaotic city feeling which you can feel in downtown Tirana. The terrace views of the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/suncity-tirana-luxury-apartments-ap-01.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Suncity Tirana Luxury Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts a restaurant, ensuring delicious dining options are always on hand. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee, adding an extra layer of convenience. The commitment to guest satisfaction is evident through the provision of full-day security and complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises, ensuring both safety and connectivity.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, offers guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The balcony, adorned with outdoor furniture, presents a serene spot to enjoy the mountain views, perhaps with a glass of wine or champagne, which is thoughtfully provided as part of the in-room amenities.

For added convenience, the property includes a coffee shop and a minimarket, catering to guests' needs without them having to leave the comfort of the premises. 

Suncity Tirana Luxury Apartments is also ideally positioned for those looking to explore the city's historical sites, being just 3.5 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a scenic drive from the Rock of Kavaje, 44 km away. For travelers flying in or out, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Suncity Tirana Luxury Apartments (Ap. 01) offers a sophisticated base for visitors to Tirana, combining luxury living with prime location and exceptional amenities, making it a top choice for discerning travelers.