---\ntitle: "Sunny Apartment - Blloku Tirana, near Lake"\ndescription: "Sunny Apartment - Blloku Tirana, near Lake, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410231256.jpg?k=8f5080baf1dafa40cd1bb34d8e8489bacffb54086a49abf02dc66d5518c618c9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunny-apartment-blloku-tirana-near-lake\naddress: "Rruga Milto Tutulani Ap.14, Floor 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31679849\n  lng: 19.8163846\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410231256.jpg?k=8f5080baf1dafa40cd1bb34d8e8489bacffb54086a49abf02dc66d5518c618c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410231954.jpg?k=89f7f9f72d59b923e042730b0a2ebd7f3a0ae9a3c7beb3f42fe748432c0e0003&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232610.jpg?k=a54ec7a6c78e4824fc66dcfd9ef9752df06867c8ff6eb6e5705e7784a68094fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232064.jpg?k=6124912a1965e959c70aeac9323da8b16ad507b02f5cb46efba013166ce108e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232068.jpg?k=bb7a72acab06d4456b771817f4541a69058c3e845af4486ce85ff3a642d701d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232487.jpg?k=88ad57af9d75fb29fb488e0fbe40aed65f299080b5aa09819f6321850c26be99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410231993.jpg?k=6ff566f6ed5ca548dadf3f6ce00618154d39545e38e4dec9c7cb6f8d1e7604e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232568.jpg?k=e51c0befe26d39bf1d8a7ea1d5ab2ad0e1a779087ea4ce73882166bba15bffef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410232386.jpg?k=fc8ccba5351cd7ee4b3f0a4abfca28fb46677c6e501bcf156cdea445375c34d1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gusto di Mare 50 m"\n  - "Pitet E Engjejve 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leonid"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Property was in a great location, walking distance to everything you need in Tirana. The location was quiet at night and most importantly had AC which is a must in the summer time
Check in was very simple and so was check out Communication...”"\n  - name: "Jonathan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location was great, lovely neighbourhood. We loved the air conditioning.”"\n  - name: "Nataša"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartament is cozy, super comfortable and clean. The host is great and it was an easy arragement. It is really nice for sleeping.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunny-apartment-blloku-amp-near-lake.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its commitment to guest comfort, featuring an array of amenities including an elevator, round-the-clock security, and complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises. The non-smoking, air-conditioned apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, boasting a bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and coffee machine. The inclusion of a walk-in shower, slippers, towels, and bed linen in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For those valuing privacy and tranquility, the apartment's private entrance and soundproofing are sure to impress.

Guests looking to unwind will find the on-site coffee shop and bar a convenient spot for relaxation. Adventure enthusiasts eager to explore Tirana's natural and urban landscapes can take advantage of the apartment's car rental service, with cycling, fishing, and hiking opportunities readily available in the vicinity.

Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Grand Park of Tirana, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, all easily accessible from the apartment. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 16 km away, making Sunny Apartment - Blloku Tirana, near Lake an ideal base for both short-term visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.