---\ntitle: "Sunnyside Villa"\ndescription: "Sunnyside Villa emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/393210751.jpg?k=46a5f78879834b8541ca5a6ac0818e479f003a78a9a8417a9101f0aadc6cab0c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunnyside-villa\naddress: "Rruga Hamallaj-Rrushkull, 2010 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.48548655\n  lng: 19.51922765\nprice: "US$161"\npriceFrom: 161\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/393210751.jpg?k=46a5f78879834b8541ca5a6ac0818e479f003a78a9a8417a9101f0aadc6cab0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376638354.jpg?k=2b2ed3b352ab3923f3843ab539b6244fde89835f3c6cbcc141079184b3d1758f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403275016.jpg?k=8d893939a988d4f02a884059c532ee52efa47498295e2f1f064ca7ad9dead29a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376638394.jpg?k=34bd847200d6a7ea2c8c223605b4e803f6a47d072786ec303bb66127c61eadd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376638321.jpg?k=fe226c3e44a0af0785fd19549f3beda0fef3497bf3443f78244b6d3c86314ad6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403274296.jpg?k=2e8f110cf11306a99f35f46d34c00976029310cffc181c008786d257ea268213&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403274542.jpg?k=3874c1ac3bc94f65b1ab3c65546ec79087063b94be3f1f955f1faf007ffc9b04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527256916.jpg?k=688cde4ee604037deb153e1295930d86e5e056ea38312ef5831cd9b70e632fef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526041301.jpg?k=9d7f34122ce64fe8aea0744808be9da56576e952b12f8bb9f39b93ee49a441ee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bedouin 1.2 km"\n  - "Oasis Bar 2.3 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 18 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 20 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 20 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bart"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Het mooie strand op wandelafstand, aan de rechter kant voor de toeristen waar het rustiger was. Ook veel amusement op de avond daar als je graag uitgaat zoals onze kinderen.
De hulpvaardigheid van de eigenaar om mee de problemen van de huurwagen...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunnyside-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, boasting a terrace that overlooks a lush garden, creating a perfect backdrop for relaxation. Inside, the space is thoughtfully laid out with three bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes modern amenities such as an oven and a toaster. The presence of two bathrooms, each featuring a bidet, adds an extra layer of convenience for guests. For those cooler evenings, the fireplace becomes a focal point, offering warmth and a cozy atmosphere for guests to gather around.

Beyond the confines of the villa, guests are invited to unwind in the expansive garden, a feature that enhances the overall tranquility of the setting. The outdoor dining area serves as an ideal spot for enjoying meals while soaking in the surrounding natural beauty.

Located just a stone's throw away from Lalëz Bay Beach, less than 1 km to be precise, Sunnyside Villa promises an easy access to one of the area's most pristine beaches. For those interested in exploring further, Skanderbeg Square is located 41 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture and history. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 32 km from the villa, simplifying travel arrangements for guests.

Sunnyside Villa stands out not only for its exceptional location and amenities but also for the thoughtful services it offers, including airport transfers and a car rental service, ensuring a hassle-free stay for all who visit. This non-smoking accommodation is a perfect retreat for those looking to enjoy the tranquility of Durrës in a setting that feels like a home away from home.