---\ntitle: "Sunny Apts"\ndescription: "Sunny Apts emerges as a gem in Sarandë, boasting a prime location just a short stroll from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423494142.jpg?k=af3fe8234d9ee6df6430cd3714c1ef1b0f67c00f18826ad115b48952ba78e742&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunny-apts\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8619191\n  lng: 20.01997507\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 155\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423494142.jpg?k=af3fe8234d9ee6df6430cd3714c1ef1b0f67c00f18826ad115b48952ba78e742&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467594503.jpg?k=d29e93ca31a3c4e7c6ce60666ea972796cd71c687f0857e387737aeb3d3f5ea5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467594531.jpg?k=37a8c2cdddec5417825bd79990bfd2010a0717041a31692946f8d9403178356a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467596781.jpg?k=d00550ec09b67fa29c43cbd1df85a5d7d01f7164ec1d5bf4920e56f3b17c0578&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467596784.jpg?k=1bc4f8eefd2e369cc7c3fdecd438d92b84d8914d5c4f94fd3121ce0acd075d1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467596777.jpg?k=126f3d47d46e15cd2b92a9eb39bcb56298394460a305b5238016341293bdbca0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467595643.jpg?k=7d1a4ba6013e04bfe3af66209cbd1113235660075c4878af25f2157ef0ab5c09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467595645.jpg?k=2f37712b9a665dffee61f7436bfac2cc1bd0c1c65766ff26c43a0897dc017fb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467711600.jpg?k=9722e925d7d428cce950500ee784d1f755b6b9af586ce89bb9d63148a2d329bf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shija e Jugut 20 m"\n  - "Street Food 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 300 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 650 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tamara"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Lovely, spacious apartment, super clean, very comfortable, great views, convenient parking. Andi was the best host imaginable. Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Charles"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Andi was a great host. He gave us some great recommendations for places to go to eat and places to see. He was flexible with time for both checking in and checking out. Would easily stay there again.”"\n  - name: "Janka"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Andi's apartment is spacious and has a nice sea view from balcony. We enjoyed our stay very much.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunny-apts.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Sunny Apts is designed to be a home away from home, featuring a balcony that offers sweeping sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, and essential kitchenware, invites guests to prepare their meals just the way they like. The inclusion of a kettle adds a touch of comfort, making it easy to enjoy a warm cup of tea or coffee at any time. Private bathrooms equipped with either a bath or shower, along with complimentary slippers, ensure privacy and convenience. For added ease, each unit is supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those who need to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without the need to venture far. Sunny Apts is not just about the comfort of its rooms; its location is equally impressive. Maestral Beach is a mere 700 meters away, offering another spot for sunbathing and swimming. For nature and history enthusiasts, the Butrint National Park, located 14 km from the property, presents an opportunity to explore Albania's rich heritage and natural beauty. Furthermore, the property is conveniently situated 96 km from Ioannina Airport, making it accessible for international travelers.

Sunny Apts stands out as an ideal choice for families and travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to explore the enchanting surroundings of Sarandë.