---\ntitle: "Sunny Side Apartments"\ndescription: "Sunny Side Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478904969.jpg?k=a1f12957a15c6654b9d2ca1a9b55bc6f7dd390b8c1ff3958f621a646f44912e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunny-side-apartments\naddress: "Rr. Gjergj Arianiti, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45851634\n  lng: 19.48375873\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 40\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478904969.jpg?k=a1f12957a15c6654b9d2ca1a9b55bc6f7dd390b8c1ff3958f621a646f44912e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479837787.jpg?k=817c2a79a565934c063b411165e10222b740b9f6ad59bf3fe234ba9ae9e02987&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478906565.jpg?k=ec50e2feeb2f32a829a51d19bdb01755855fba61cf047f000fab993350e2e0b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478905875.jpg?k=e492a83472671566fb28e8b9963dd38a28f308d72a052d55b480d6653d1f52d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479837784.jpg?k=fa58c3d0202384a01650f8455b234736099c28bdf1e83115b9c5e447f1de4cac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494198886.jpg?k=d462abe358a0b7f631fe376fcba17e38bb61cc6e85536493bed0fd3bfef323f5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (49 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Family Studio"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Colosseo 100 m"\n  - "BSB 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 650 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 1.3 km"\n  - "Independence Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.7 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dann"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Cozy flat, easy to access, polite and communicative host”"\n  - name: "Dann"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Great location, modern furnishing, cozy apartment. Parking was easy to find and self check-in instructions were clear.”"\n  - name: "Natasa"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Very spacious and beautiful apartment. It has one separate bedroom, two terraces, one kitchen and living room and one bedroom. The location was good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/one-bedroom-apartment-with-a-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit at Sunny Side Apartments is a testament to modern living, boasting a balcony that invites natural light and fresh air. The apartments are designed with practicality in mind, featuring tiled floors that lead guests through a space equipped with a fully functional kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, fridge, and stovetop. The inclusion of a dining area and a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures that guests have everything they need to feel at home. The private bathrooms, adorned with baths and bathrobes, add a touch of luxury to the experience, while the provision of wardrobes in all units underscores the thoughtful consideration for guest convenience.

For those looking to explore the local area, Independence Square is located just 2 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich history and culture of the region. Meanwhile, the Kuzum Baba viewpoint, 2.4 km from the apartments, provides stunning panoramic views that are not to be missed. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 150 km away, making Sunny Side Apartments an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Sunny Side Apartments stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting the vibrant cityscape and seeking an unforgettable stay.