---\ntitle: "Sunrise Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "Sunrise Luxury Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201061567.jpg?k=d3cdd04f500c21d7a6f0786be25dde06570e9a78d4271929ac786dbfb2214f2d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunrise-luxury-apartments\naddress: "246 Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87262805\n  lng: 19.99305066\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201061567.jpg?k=d3cdd04f500c21d7a6f0786be25dde06570e9a78d4271929ac786dbfb2214f2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306335887.jpg?k=58e422811f4ea68ed01d5dff58efb0647fbe441cb9bb3af2da089e9b8ba9a9a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306322900.jpg?k=8a68b083ae068bd3e9ec152b924df39ed61390d0fe8acff2fe882bbab32849ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306322380.jpg?k=1801a68b2a4e7fda2d175439f1e150df813fa1045d67a21d379e6b07cd22f264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306333363.jpg?k=0e10877fa93328da91c6b28766a1ba64c038d79d5201bb65d9117576d65a4b75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475416343.jpg?k=de3e3d565eabd80c6963bb3f880c27241509dd6c7eca840a79d4d7f252d178b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306340269.jpg?k=0aa31b4e9020374d0c58de6a88f813e8755abdcbfc54c2bdbb49ba278dc8e529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306339909.jpg?k=541329c01915c23a643ad861d0acc24ae91ed0337f14cd98205b8319f43659bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306339692.jpg?k=edb651f5ad6adda81acda5f4ac4ede1ad4a79a5a1f5c3caee9f3b70ec9dbd5fd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fredi 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Umurcan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Clean and comfortable apartment! Normally we have to check in after lunch but we arrived Sarande very early in the morning. And the lady of this apartment woke up very early and welcomed us, she arrange room for us to rest and sleep. Thank you so...”"\n  - name: "Tim"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything you need and more u expect
Waschmaschine,
Große Terrasse”"\n  - name: "Linna"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“This is my second time staying here for about one month....still very comfortable!!! The owner is always smiling and helpful, even gave me a free ride from the bus station to the apartment. Definitely love the cleaning service, peaceful...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunrise-luxury-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts an array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From the tranquility of its garden to the social ambiance of its on-site bar, Sunrise Luxury Apartments ensures a memorable experience. For those arriving on two wheels, secure bicycle parking is a thoughtful touch, while the inclusion of free private parking caters to guests with vehicles.

Each apartment is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, and a kitchen that includes an oven, fridge, and coffee machine, ensuring that guests feel right at home. The convenience of in-unit showers, hair dryers, and desks adds to the appeal, making it ideal for both leisure and business travelers. Select units offer the added bonus of garden views, enhancing the sense of tranquility and connection with nature.

The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, underscoring the property's commitment to guest comfort. The option to prepare meals in the privacy of one's kitchen and enjoy them on a private terrace adds a personal touch to the dining experience, complemented by the availability of a coffee shop within the complex.

Located strategically, Sunrise Luxury Apartments is not only close to Sarande Main Beach but also within easy reach of Saranda Bay Beach and Saranda City Beach, making it a haven for beach lovers. For those looking to explore beyond the city, Ioannina Airport is 98 km away, facilitating easy travel arrangements.

In summary, Sunrise Luxury Apartments offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and thoughtful amenities, making it an excellent choice for those looking to explore the beauty of Sarandë.