---\ntitle: "Sunrise Hotel Cameria"\ndescription: "Sunrise Hotel Cameria emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from the beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99553525.jpg?k=3c212eb6216c651dbf396a05f20403b594f28a1498af34ce6e9c060f5eb345f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunrise-hotel-cameria\naddress: "Pavaresia 67, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3080821\n  lng: 19.48848224\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 294\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99553525.jpg?k=3c212eb6216c651dbf396a05f20403b594f28a1498af34ce6e9c060f5eb345f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106284039.jpg?k=4ae4296867958361109a7778c41171602605b652763ab1d5ae31cc93877a6152&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95199193.jpg?k=143ca7f0654816e04df5d03b630f434dfc69c6f040979ae79bedeacfeb2b26db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205907633.jpg?k=663ada9763d4744cbab6976b1f6de1ae025cd2cb66f4d55e324044d62dd47bd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/105894898.jpg?k=9776100862608940b81fe76961eef8ef1de5e16b75a705add95db12662f92f49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76489932.jpg?k=7762b49360f1a44253031ee9b5fb1c050087c52a8f58fb185f462a73e55eeef8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Relax 30 m"\n  - "Memory Bistro Bar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 100 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mascha"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The host is exceptionally friendly, we got an upgrade to a bigger room, and he helped us to arrange a pick up for our further journey on our departure day. As we were only getting picked up at 3pm, we were allowed to use the room until then, this...”"\n  - name: "Sofia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. And the breakfast was super good!!”"\n  - name: "Rrustem"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Close to beach, excellent location with stores, restaurants, and everything needed close by.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunrise-cameria-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sunrise Hotel Cameria are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, ensuring guests stay connected and entertained. The inclusion of a safe and a fridge adds an extra layer of convenience, making it easy to secure valuables and keep refreshments cool. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with either a bath or shower and come complete with a bidet, slippers, and a hairdryer, catering to guests' comfort and needs.

The hotel prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk service, ensuring assistance is always at hand, whether it's for late-night queries or early-morning requests. For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, car hire services are readily available, providing an easy solution for day trips and local sightseeing.

Situated a short 2.5 km drive from the bustling Port of Durres and within 22.5 km of Tirana Airport, Sunrise Hotel Cameria offers both accessibility and a tranquil retreat from the hustle and bustle. This establishment stands out as a top pick for travelers who value both the serenity of the seaside and the convenience of nearby attractions.