---\ntitle: "Sunshine Hotel"\ndescription: "Sunshine Hotel emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464792975.jpg?k=758fd36b98749137c8d2c39daa3764de42ae0914e2db2fbbd6b79b3f8e13355f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunshine-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mallakastra, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77167989\n  lng: 20.00955795\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 148\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464792975.jpg?k=758fd36b98749137c8d2c39daa3764de42ae0914e2db2fbbd6b79b3f8e13355f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464765594.jpg?k=72b1f14fdccc7bf4f3bc42db6c019b6e46cd779ece67b8829734f3263697c96c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464765058.jpg?k=3db0532f64972cbcc960669ee960985959f750a6f585f889734ea363d94bb0a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465127799.jpg?k=528f24908efea464f55c16cb6869faa43f373867f253f2d9374109b79be172b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464771540.jpg?k=6dde6fd5c26d7329955db59fa809b1024a4ecff0383293600c8b96b185f23270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464793103.jpg?k=acbd083975f01eb7498fbea3ca1f34b6ccd822a6b4592dfaa2ee5ac2f522e395&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464766528.jpg?k=05f522ec686406cc4c8b3f5171b25eb329ae25890c64620786a43ccf2a616a25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/314998297.jpg?k=afed711efcb71a8c5e8a9bcd9c539cfb7ce34d91d8352e421e1b683c132f5216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465117666.jpg?k=987c1f4cf6c0183ffb53aaf6fe393152b07bc816687acf63a8042eddd43aee68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463594880.jpg?k=5f1b9a587db4c72161a99fe488f05f55e3ccf609feeb3ab73912e2dfb34fcfc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464792822.jpg?k=1ef0718fa4825fd7955b25507bbc2a41b552d14840f2aedfbd1b138f54c4847b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464771424.jpg?k=07bd768a4618c69f89a35b67b33303bded557f6b8eb387a3ff98334460ec84fe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 950 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 750 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“An amazing place to stay, the room was so nice with all the facilities a great balcony with a nice view also the breakfast was included and was so delicious. I also want to add that the owners were so kind and made us feel like home during our stay.”"\n  - name: "Jenni"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“This is a true family run hotel, the hosts are so welcoming and kind, staff are all very friendly. The rooms are cleaned daily up to a high standard and the pool is lovely. The property serves a delicious breakfast each morning (the chocolate...”"\n  - name: "Jordan"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The pool and cafe area was amazing. Did wonderful to accommodate us on a last minute booking even though there was 7 of us!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sun-shine.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Sunshine Hotel are thoughtfully designed to ensure comfort and convenience. Each air-conditioned room boasts a private balcony offering panoramic views of the city, complemented by modern amenities including free WiFi, a private bathroom, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels. The attention to detail in the room's design and the provision of essential amenities underscore the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

The hotel's on-site restaurant serves a delightful continental breakfast, providing a perfect start to the day with a variety of delicious options to suit all tastes. The combination of excellent dining, comfortable rooms, and exceptional service makes Sunshine Hotel a standout choice for visitors to Ksamil.

Located just 700 meters from the sandy shores of Ksamil Beach and within close proximity to Coco Beach and Sunset Beach, the hotel offers easy access to some of the area's most beautiful beaches. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is conveniently situated 93 km away, making Sunshine Hotel an accessible gateway for international travelers.

With its strategic location, comprehensive facilities, and unwavering dedication to guest experience, Sunshine Hotel is not just a place to stay—it's a destination in its own right for those exploring the enchanting region of Ksamil.