---\ntitle: "Sunset House Aurora&Ersi"\ndescription: "Sunset House Aurora&Ersi emerges as a serene oasis in Orikum, boasting breathtaking garden and lake views, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Orikum Beach and the charming Nettuno Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477005688.jpg?k=1ecfc885d4656060426fc537eb854e80a753171885491249e3ca23bc5d3076fd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunset-house-aurora-ersi\naddress: "ROAD Demokracia 27 27, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32287128\n  lng: 19.47142981\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 70\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477005688.jpg?k=1ecfc885d4656060426fc537eb854e80a753171885491249e3ca23bc5d3076fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317967858.jpg?k=368a503bdfb54a16c69c1d33444d6e0c69ff59e80bd76a5c29eccabb138e3125&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255126884.jpg?k=b70d4869d685d2ac0ab7db455f167172745c55084a5004d178b766206bbda592&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255126707.jpg?k=c6b12eae88b8097d9eb09117a08b8a50c2e9a207b5bacc1b84cdb4d13046ffa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/182438116.jpg?k=ededd9f219622fd377db6bf7cab17c95fa6753ae27c741300830cd75b2ceb554&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/263662747.jpg?k=27fde2a661044d8dd05be00787dd4bcb124e4a843c7da8951fed040be8e99aea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/255127855.jpg?k=30b1e5c4ac2e656eb8629c214f05772cc9a17620fc08855d3932c32745c9ff42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466594150.jpg?k=38f3f2ab8cd67b52bb6d7501b16e6e79d7c288cc503cb21ced18f8c32fbe07bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317967996.jpg?k=1d208c35d53e7df41256bda5aa37418e5ed1bda92bbcb8f9537274b1b9a3a368&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (60 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mats Beach Bar and Cafe 250 m"\n  - "Las Bello 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Enxha"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was very nice!
Comfortable apartment.
the beach very close, and the people very friendly!
Very clean energy
I recommend it 100%
I will come back again and again!
Thank you Evgeni for the hospitality.”"\n  - name: "Veseli"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“I recently stayed at this apartment and I must say, it exceeded my expectations. The apartment was spacious and spotlessly clean. The host was very kind and welcoming. Overall, I had an amazing experience and I would highly recommend this...”"\n  - name: "Nicole"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everthing was fine. Clean, well equiped and big apartment. The owner is very nice. Parking for free in front. Just a walk to restaurants, markets etc.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/aurora-amp-ersi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nDesigned with families in mind, Sunset House Aurora&Ersi presents an array of accommodations that cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each unit is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchens are well-equipped, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals. Select units elevate the experience further with a private bathroom equipped with a walk-in shower, plush bathrobes, a hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. Emphasizing health and comfort, the property ensures that all accommodations are allergy-free and soundproof, promising a restful night's sleep.

The allure of Sunset House Aurora&Ersi extends beyond its rooms. Guests are invited to bask in the panoramic views of the sea and mountains from the privacy of their terrace or balcony. An outdoor fireplace adds a touch of warmth and ambiance, perfect for those cooler evenings.

For those keen on exploring the local area, the property is ideally situated for engaging in a variety of activities, with fishing being a popular choice among visitors. Further afield, Baro Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba are within easy reach, offering more opportunities for adventure and exploration.

Situated 168 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Sunset House Aurora&Ersi represents an ideal retreat for those seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Orikum.