---\ntitle: "Sunset Guest house"\ndescription: "Sunset Guest House emerges as a serene haven for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in the heart of Himare."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137557945.jpg?k=ea41c2d9919b6ab9801800ff8adb1f0df51a022494a2ef2250ef4387644a957a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunset-guest-house\naddress: "Rr. Shen Marina 12, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10327514\n  lng: 19.74712603\nprice: "US$28"\npriceFrom: 28\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 274\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137557945.jpg?k=ea41c2d9919b6ab9801800ff8adb1f0df51a022494a2ef2250ef4387644a957a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506592244.jpg?k=ec8fd24e550117173a1c10057604942cda4aaace73c73d3000033e1378dc1398&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507381085.jpg?k=10e0dc972e007e214856c137753dcff48fbbd1746d2b6d1314832d7773b42fb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137887161.jpg?k=2e5ff050787e393fff2aa93cea72035bdcd8fa829bd494bd237b73321c6cb268&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/138967373.jpg?k=ed105011274d15fa57ce4a798f91f32254f3f5069bdf2bf03f6c81b7515a62ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/188081501.jpg?k=8cb3bfd045641e69b421e8208867f6f6c3c333186f31311772241db099cc2258&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Viron 150 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Delight 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 400 m"\n  - "Prinos Beach 600 m"\n  - "Potam Beach 1 km"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Myriam"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The owners are so nice ! the room was just like on the picture you have everything you need and close to bus and Spille beach”"\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The owners really did an effort to make us feel home. They gave us a welcome drink of home made raki. Really loved the room. Had everything you need.”"\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Friendly. Quiet, peaceful location and still very close to town facilities. Nice view towards the mountains.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunset-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nWith its strategic location, guests are treated to the ease of exploring the local area, where the allure of the sea is just a short walk away. The property prides itself on offering a range of facilities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. From a shared kitchen that caters to those who love to cook, to luggage storage space for ease of travel, and the essential free WiFi available throughout, Sunset Guest House ensures a seamless experience.

The accommodations at Sunset Guest House are meticulously designed for comfort and privacy. Each unit boasts a private entrance and is soundproofed, guaranteeing a restful night's sleep. The charm of the place is further elevated by terraces that offer views of the inner courtyard, inviting guests to unwind in a serene setting. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen, an outdoor dining area, and private bathrooms with showers in every unit adds a touch of home. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels underscores the guest house's attention to detail.

For those who relish outdoor living, the guest house's barbecue facilities provide the perfect excuse to enjoy the balmy weather and dine al fresco. 

Located less than 1 km from the captivating Prinos Beach and 143 km from Ioannina Airport, Sunset Guest House is not just a place to stay but a gateway to the enchanting landscapes and rich culture of Himare.