---\ntitle: "Sunset Apartments Lungomare"\ndescription: "Sunset Apartments Lungomare emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376678123.jpg?k=eb3b1c8f9455b9e1f338ed3498aaefbebf71e0738d4f6857b359b9c9fce73db5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunset-apartments-lungomare\naddress: "Rruga Shaban Demiraj, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44839122\n  lng: 19.4947132\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376678123.jpg?k=eb3b1c8f9455b9e1f338ed3498aaefbebf71e0738d4f6857b359b9c9fce73db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494567401.jpg?k=ead5d452890a26b42be0e8d4b0fe8a851fdb503597eb8ba8644ba14455b42559&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494567628.jpg?k=eae4d0c912a2078c6d523ffa82290ad97aead88057afdb835f0e32029e45d68b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376678136.jpg?k=3b2a6ed23678f0243d5ad57fbdb6cf6af7d9760eea113790ad3ddf2118e35057&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376671551.jpg?k=c0a5727066106a978870b727b90df6c9d44cc87c06b5f23d00b5a8f0b1fe0d5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494567430.jpg?k=edb7b4c9b436b7318bd2e46adb8c1b7f7a3b6241f922eab61472d14c74675674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361678901.jpg?k=2f98de54ec4a1266e105a7d351b189243054735253ee7eae69934a83c7abef47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361678982.jpg?k=1f60067f592eeddbcfce5c3fb93adfc20d5ca0bf2459eb74db11ca1eb39aafca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494567686.jpg?k=8daa81ffb743afbb23972ee8fa5ec2d382236e75a210e830aa4f533d773f4108&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (44 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 50 m"\n  - "Restorant Xhokla 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.3 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“very nice aparttment and equipped with everything you need, I felt just like I was in my home. Very clean and comfortable. very friendly and communicative hosts. Quiet area and very close to the beach. we will choose the same place again when we...”"\n  - name: "Elvis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I like the apartment very much. Excellently furnished.”"\n  - name: "Alina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Ottimo appartamento. Dotato di tutto il necessario. Ben arredato e confortevole - siamo stati molto bene. E' vicino al lungo mare di Valona, in una zona tranquilla. Non abbiamo avuto difficoltà con i parcheggi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/luxury-apartment-lungomare-vlore1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering well-appointed accommodations, each boasting a balcony that presents an opportunity for guests to bask in the breathtaking surroundings. The interiors are thoughtfully designed with a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, a cozy dining area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with a bidet and a hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. Moreover, the convenience of a private entrance and heating facilities in all units underscores the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Connectivity is seamless throughout the premises, with complimentary WiFi ensuring that guests remain connected with the world, while the provision of private parking on site adds an extra layer of convenience. 

For those keen to explore the local area, Vjetër Beach is within a 1.8 km reach, and the historic Kuzum Baba is just 2.7 km away, making Sunset Apartments Lungomare an ideal base for discovering the charms of Vlorë. The property is also well-positioned for travelers coming from afar, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 152 km away, ensuring a smooth transition to this coastal haven.

Sunset Apartments Lungomare not only offers a stay but an experience, making it a highly recommended choice for families and travelers looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of Vlorë.