---\ntitle: "Sunset Cottage 1"\ndescription: "Sunset Cottage 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Paradise Beach in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453873139.jpg?k=1022efe8aec314c31ff47e6baa86374553f02618477388e6ebe3295ca95c31e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sunset-cottage-1\naddress: "Rruga Naim Frasheri, Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76492567\n  lng: 19.99815611\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453873139.jpg?k=1022efe8aec314c31ff47e6baa86374553f02618477388e6ebe3295ca95c31e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453872495.jpg?k=059299c5fa60dccc85a87ca84756f00d5c19df563337247e0476d5d31b2ecf4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453895583.jpg?k=ded7b668cce4eaa4f7b8b37e22435bd31ca15b9de3e980ceec6a21b5550943a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453895694.jpg?k=95aea75c1073af6433425705c2ef6aa18ad2d77703cf34ccd0359cd3fbb07172&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453871740.jpg?k=92c0697facdb24ac2d1a9bfc3bcd1910e072685ecc078104c33daf1e41abad4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453872575.jpg?k=21d872eedae3aa37cd1cbae5f8dd1dcbcb7a7f7efc6bb8f8729f2d62db792675&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453895502.jpg?k=3cee3d7dff6e12b3acf1a1149a3925c16d759f3d69a79962d42c7248fcb20b04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453872871.jpg?k=49ed158079b8d9ee8d07971b4d171d87de562d1f42a07510d8104573c36e0d14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453875007.jpg?k=f57fcd5e87c8c9b2244404c2185cd8803ef86c4bed3e0c88cb37d7c134645095&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tulum Principotes Ksamil 150 m"\n  - "Fladeno Beach Restoraunt 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olive"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The place is newly furnished and most important, very clean, comfortable and not too close to the hustle and bustle and noise of the resort. Even the couch in the living room was comfortable and we slept very well on it. The personnel polite and...”"\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The cottage was the perfect base for our family of 2 adults & 3 kids to explore the Ksamil area. The place was very new, very clean and very comfortable. Our older children appreciated the separate bedroom with 2 single beds, and we brought our...”"\n  - name: "Biscoveanu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The rooms are clean and spacious enough. You will find everything you need including hair dryer and iron. It is very close to the beach. The pictures correspond to reality. We felt very good here! We will definitely be back!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunset-cottage.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodation boasts a tastefully furnished air-conditioned interior, featuring two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with modern appliances such as an oven and kettle. The presence of a bathroom equipped with either a bath or shower, alongside a hairdryer, ensures guests' comfort and convenience. Moreover, the apartment extends its living space outdoors with a terrace that serves as a delightful outdoor dining area, enhancing the overall experience with a touch of alfresco elegance. The added benefit of a private entrance underscores the accommodation's commitment to ensuring guest privacy.

For those moments of leisure, the property's garden offers a tranquil retreat, inviting guests to unwind amidst its verdant embrace. Further enriching the stay, Lori Beach is accessible within a short 600-meter stroll, while the historic Butrint National Park awaits exploration just 3 kilometers away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 92 kilometers from Sunset Cottage 1, making it a convenient option for those coming from afar.

In summary, Sunset Cottage 1 stands out as an idyllic haven for guests looking to enjoy the natural beauty and tranquility of Ksamil, backed by thoughtful amenities and a location that puts the best of the area within easy reach.