---\ntitle: "SUNTAN Lovely Apartment"\ndescription: "SUNTAN Lovely Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Golem, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Golem Beach and the charming Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813309.jpg?k=c8601ef29f9114bc8e88be11eb78c203e0d80f709cb94310ea92b9b5cbb6d878&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: suntan-lovely-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Prizreni, Golem, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25266107\n  lng: 19.52360637\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813309.jpg?k=c8601ef29f9114bc8e88be11eb78c203e0d80f709cb94310ea92b9b5cbb6d878&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813722.jpg?k=45b713a1e93a6fc8f112b24c8938fb9736b2d24c1e756be604a57c8791b554b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813397.jpg?k=5a805e6710820be38a81c65db88cf9450937f498623585094a6c1c70193f6ca8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813383.jpg?k=47bc2b1b2753677343da47a761e4bf6910f1852e39dce387260bf01c3084f153&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813373.jpg?k=1062c5c0d56b353cfd642ed7ef2b14daa190d60ed43991f7a28c0003c6b15da7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455867448.jpg?k=0d350f35c5d36f5aa8e9e293e90db7a3f10fa1b691dbe3b56bf6a726aaf5586a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372813400.jpg?k=e66567beb7859715a9a927550e1e8353a8b12d2db3c456ec0e3b8630a3e400cd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372815432.jpg?k=c3dcd9d45a47ae4b653eaf42e43052d849ca61ff114db7bcec807dd4b7e8b64b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455867298.jpg?k=1ec2ce56d9bffabd44edaf098295fc972104c6ef66580aad85ced01b60e28d64&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pashtriku 200 m"\n  - "Kleant 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 600 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Teresa"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We hebben dit appartement op het laatste moment moeten boeken omdat de geboekte accommodatie \"niet beschikbaar\" was. Via de app dit appartement geboekt en de verhuurder meteen gebeld. De verhuurder was meteen goed bereikbaar en zeer behulpzaam....”"\n  - name: "Brian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Wohnung ist sehr schön und geräumig.
Der Balkon hat zwar nicht die perfekte aussicht, aber lädt dazu ein dort sehr lange zu verweilen.”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Apartamenti super paster dhe i rehatshem.
Du dhoma gjumi te medha me te gjitha gjerat qe nevojiten.
Do te rikthehesha serisht me familjen nese do me binte rasti.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/suntan-lovely-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nSet against the backdrop of Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, merely 1.6 km away, the apartment is a haven of tranquility and comfort. Guests are welcomed into a spacious abode that opens up to breathtaking garden views from its terrace. The apartment is thoughtfully designed with two cozy bedrooms, a living room that serves as a perfect relaxation hub, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave for those home-cooked meals. The inclusion of a hot tub in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury, making it an ideal retreat for relaxation and rejuvenation.

The convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi enhances the stay, ensuring guests remain connected and stress-free about their vehicle's security. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further underscores the apartment's dedication to providing a healthy and pleasant stay.

For outdoor enthusiasts or those simply looking to unwind, the property's garden offers a peaceful escape, while the outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals amidst nature's beauty.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, the iconic Skanderbeg Square lies 47 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich cultural tapestry of the area. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 5.4 km from the apartment, presents an opportunity for exploration and adventure.

Conveniently situated 41 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, SUNTAN Lovely Apartment stands out as an exceptional choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Golem.