---\ntitle: "Super Apartment 100m2 2 sovrum"\ndescription: "Super Apartment 100m2 2 sovrum stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Shëngjin."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-x/8c8621a1f1257f11662c74da47986e0bf59d2175.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: super-apartment-100m2-2-sovrum\naddress: "Rruga Shëngjin - Kune, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.81355597\n  lng: 19.59149212\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-x/8c8621a1f1257f11662c74da47986e0bf59d2175.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/gb/15b607e8c3750857a144c70857d273e26ac13d66.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302474397.jpg?k=9bbc9ac93cc2cf75d3daafa85117b41d061bcf9075bec9b3e488bc3d55cbd81f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/302877866.jpg?k=daf57dc88412ad544d95f37fade16d7f1a09f29cad5c83c66ff24dfcf1683b10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/302474399.jpg?k=1404ae81491ac258d47538763ea6a9b6429184b1de6dd7d10e3bbae1f6773eff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/302877871.jpg?k=3ba0255ade0bfad831e888fa26c5572d52f4e467257dc68077bc76a7e91a7412&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/304207138.jpg?k=edc44b01d0d2c1e12d99fd65ba2fe9d47ea5bc5ff20290abf6b3fa93855c2972&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/302877898.jpg?k=6245dda24037e08cde108f7a5115e84c1bc100c9d4a4fcca7220a22587c36c7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/302877876.jpg?k=88ab26eea818241b15764fba7adfab82e98b83af6e3ca8da57b8f49afacee671&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sarda 100 m"\n  - "Café Ondine 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 44 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 65 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Xhemajl"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything I liked ,.the place was clean and very comfortable .landlord was very easy to comunicate”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/super-lagenhet-100km2-2-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting a well-appointed kitchen equipped with an oven, microwave, and toaster for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The living area is designed for relaxation, featuring a comfortable seating and dining area, making it an ideal spot for unwinding after a day of exploration. Accommodating up to two bedrooms, the apartment ensures a restful night's sleep for all guests. The bathroom is modern and includes a walk-in shower and bidet, catering to the needs of the most discerning traveler. Additionally, the inclusion of a Blu-ray player, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and complimentary WiFi allows guests to stay entertained and connected throughout their stay.

For those concerned with allergies or sensitivities, it's noteworthy that the apartment maintains a strict allergy-free and non-smoking policy, ensuring a comfortable environment for all guests. The added convenience of a balcony equipped with outdoor furniture invites guests to enjoy their morning coffee or evening cocktails while soaking in the stunning sea views.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests have access to a quaint minimarket, perfect for picking up essentials without the need to venture far. The complex also features a picnic area, offering a delightful option for those wishing to enjoy a day outdoors surrounded by nature.

Situated within a reasonable distance from notable attractions such as Rozafa Castle Shkodra and Lake Skadar, Super Apartment 100m2 2 sovrum serves as an excellent base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscape of the region. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 49 km away, the apartment ensures ease of travel for both domestic and international guests.

In summary, Super Apartment 100m2 2 sovrum is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises a memorable experience, combining the comforts of home with the luxury of a beachfront location.