---\ntitle: "Super Spacious Rooftop Flat / Amazing City View"\ndescription: "Super Spacious Rooftop Flat / Amazing City View stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095899.jpg?k=24763e45f19252e66f30df4380ca18c53c84ee7fe093799b38d0a15e1b2ff163&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: super-spacious-rooftop-flat-amazing-city-view\naddress: "Rruga 4 Heronjte, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4595888\n  lng: 19.495995\nprice: "US$174"\npriceFrom: 174\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 2.5\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 2.5\n  location: 2.5\n  cleanliness: 2.5\n  facilities: 2.5\n  value: 2.5\n  comfort: 2.5\n  staff: 2.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095899.jpg?k=24763e45f19252e66f30df4380ca18c53c84ee7fe093799b38d0a15e1b2ff163&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095765.jpg?k=520c986b2fe50e198c202314c52b3075749cca6d2db0b49c416789f760575eac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095869.jpg?k=842ef19d557691b5a6adad78e1628e751f62d098f8479d52e2972fb83cd7f277&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095794.jpg?k=e679b9ae22cffef42263413ffb0fb64332aeb448158c89618824004f61240c0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095839.jpg?k=71958ddfd01ac043fad44737110711bd082d32f36570f3f4169511bf45355bb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475095883.jpg?k=5fc2c364de8bb8ddd8fdec9998a3f5cf1dc79d5656ec693eeb23e184b0464c91&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Lux 300 m"\n  - "Le 5 Terre - Ristorante 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.4 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 900 m"\n  - "Independence Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.6 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/super-spacious-rooftop-flat-amazing-city-view-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, offering air-conditioned spaces complete with a balcony for an elevated living experience. Privacy is paramount, with a private entrance for guests to come and go as they please.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. Practical amenities such as a washing machine and a flat-screen TV add to the convenience, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the apartment complex's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For those keen to explore, the apartment's location is ideal. Kuzum Baba is merely 1.2 km away, offering a glimpse into the local culture, while Independence Square is within a 1.8 km distance, perfect for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's vibrant atmosphere. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 150 km away, making Super Spacious Rooftop Flat / Amazing City View a compelling choice for both domestic and international visitors looking for an exceptional stay in Vlorë.