---\ntitle: "Swallow Nest"\ndescription: "Swallow Nest emerges as a refreshing retreat in Durrës, boasting a prime location that effortlessly combines the serenity of Durres Beach and Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach with the convenience of modern living."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430563762.jpg?k=a0fd5451b864b012899fa3a57d188f6f9672b2ef4253b1ee2152466f394e1ffa&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: swallow-nest\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2007 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.29375395\n  lng: 19.50713705\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/430563762.jpg?k=a0fd5451b864b012899fa3a57d188f6f9672b2ef4253b1ee2152466f394e1ffa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464713296.jpg?k=941431d652e904196db5d10145bee86aa7228952522dfb1519d3a90b03396260&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390052333.jpg?k=e8e9e863ba6838fbdef382d29018a4e98afdd07b856334679e2d0b4e5d09cf62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402022314.jpg?k=dcb75e41e37830961e29d459552974b2ec6f09c6195c8f597cb90aad95c04e52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390052411.jpg?k=8f67eb1f72640efbe85f46ce6cfe9a40b8e8600a0e983b8478bfe965965d5a22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390052320.jpg?k=dba8b4e70f1896f19782f8400bb6bee0827e48b34d12f1b03ed73f1b5275c417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464722355.jpg?k=fcf5f5d69f694f19218afd607c02301d8a3d3637b6fa63936b5116fec03a4d61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/390052361.jpg?k=07fdd1fa9f5d2b44accaa69051f687c3292d3d5a55be0c5bed1d48101dbfc6c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465754171.jpg?k=89c313a75a315ea17cbf4bd3c61626c254ff3364f71711e3fd4637f120802a89&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 100 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 300 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 900 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Riccardo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovo e pulito , dotato di tutti i comfort , cucina attrezzata . Vicino al mare .”"\n  - name: "Jana"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Veldig fint koselig leilighet med alt inventar og utstyr man treng. God kommunikasjon med eieren. Husvert vi hadde var veldig snill og hjelpsom ved spørsmål. Leilighet ligger i kort avstand til butikker, restauranter og stranden. Vi likte at det...”"\n  - name: "Sabat"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Dobra lokalizacja...dobrze wyposażony i czysty apartament...bardzo dobry kontakt z właścicielem...dużo miejsca...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/swellow-nest-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property, a staunch advocate for a smoke-free environment, is positioned a mere 41 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to delve into the rich tapestry of the area's history and culture. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring two cozy bedrooms, a living room that serves as a sanctuary of relaxation, and a fully equipped kitchenette complete with an oven and kettle for those moments when dining in feels just right. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to detail and commitment to guest comfort.

For those intrigued by the allure of the surrounding landscape, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car stands 45 km away, offering an unforgettable journey to the heights of the Dajti Mountain, while the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 3.2 km from the doorstep, presenting an easy excursion to one of the area's natural wonders. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 35 km from Swallow Nest, ensuring ease of travel for international guests.

Swallow Nest represents a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape with the luxuries of modern amenities.