---\ntitle: "Sweet Dreams Apartment Sari"\ndescription: "Sweet Dreams Apartment Sari emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078521.jpg?k=597b204663acc2986460f244ad123060f443c3d499507d10c57869fe4747027e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: sweet-dreams-apartment-sari\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32958604\n  lng: 19.82357988\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 71\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078521.jpg?k=597b204663acc2986460f244ad123060f443c3d499507d10c57869fe4747027e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078549.jpg?k=54bd248719084f6121288bfd9f6d0c5278bf971375aa0f1ac126477495bd3d63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078632.jpg?k=1123a4944e80de8df460dedd63ff4f539c65ff36eaaf4b7552b0b4f5e1e72ecd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078576.jpg?k=2e1573acd2ab0c511072512ef80f768551ab0b8c87c6c745eadbce7819f39cb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078528.jpg?k=54dd1900b576bd709f23b25e36edeaf8409f9e01edcfe3a58cdd5d37eb67e2de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078742.jpg?k=1c285df0b2138adc66d2a70e5dc85c3ea4cf72c9515b06c1e08a272c8f7577d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078802.jpg?k=5d12502c94e3a3d7e5a8fce6bd9c6228ee7d432b73a446f8ee8cab2213f75339&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432078679.jpg?k=3adb560700610e276c71b1e0d03a1c0ee5d69a012bf4127dbcc754f2c39c1f5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493553217.jpg?k=ab14b651f4bdb36c8a8b699168bc37412f0623e7bc31e5d58021d30a036cc63d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Si Diell 50 m"\n  - "The home 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kashif"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect about this property. Location, comfort, clean and hassle free. Very close to Skanderbeg square and most of the locations in Tirana are on walking distance.”"\n  - name: "Nistor"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Excellent location, very central, close to all main attractions, busses, restaurants and Bazaar.”"\n  - name: "Ihtiander's"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It was perfect! Everything nice, comfortable, clean , excellent location.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ditis-home.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment is equipped with modern comforts including air conditioning, a lift for easy access, and the luxury of private check-in and check-out services. Guests can enjoy the convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout their stay, ensuring they remain connected and comfortable. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the appeal of Sweet Dreams Apartment Sari, located just 1.5 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha.

Accommodation at Sweet Dreams Apartment Sari is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. The apartment features a spacious bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher, an oven, and even a washing machine. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of luxury. For those in need, towels and linens are available upon request, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The added benefit of a private entrance offers unparalleled privacy and convenience.

For guests' everyday needs, a minimarket on the premises provides a range of essentials and snacks. The apartment's location is unbeatable for those looking to explore Tirana's cultural scene, with the Toptani Shopping Centre, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana all within easy reach. For travelers flying in or out, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making Sweet Dreams Apartment Sari an ideal base for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.