---\ntitle: "Synergy dhoma qera"\ndescription: "Synergy Dhoma Qera emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489677087.jpg?k=7cc8338571079fbd3cac92320e24f928d270a125386b93017225f524715c1eac&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: synergy-dhoma-qera\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2931965\n  lng: 19.5072247\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489677087.jpg?k=7cc8338571079fbd3cac92320e24f928d270a125386b93017225f524715c1eac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/489677113.jpg?k=e40c21e647bd321c4d9b3b7cafd22abd8befb35cfc7be1c39e15bbadb0e774a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/489677129.jpg?k=93f80b144019f6934ce830160251e67aaea8a822f77114e29e4f8edfd7a2be12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/489677145.jpg?k=d25d4150062aa2ca49f9ad7cef090c1ae00edfd5cc6f71617769ccc1ddd51a98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/489677148.jpg?k=f438e4ff49e4aaf5407ea49b72d8ddd634c7cce54088039fe78c4d46086dbd37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/489677150.jpg?k=4a8cfd8e48cca88638925dd07a6b3cfc521d2c9e6c54f830f1666e77f4d351a2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Am-PM 40 m"\n  - "Midway Cafe 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 850 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 5 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 6 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/synergy-dhoma-qera.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment boasts a tastefully designed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a bathroom that caters to all the essentials. Guests are treated to delightful garden views, adding a touch of tranquility to their stay.

Strategically positioned, Synergy Dhoma Qera is a stone's throw away from significant landmarks. It's a short drive from the historic Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering an easy gateway to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The Rock of Kavaje is also within close proximity, presenting an opportunity for guests to explore the natural beauty surrounding Durrës.

For those interested in exploring the historical aspects of Albania, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is accessible, providing a glimpse into the country's past. Additionally, the Durres Amphitheatre, one of the most significant archaeological sites in Albania, is just 8.8 km away, promising an enriching experience for history enthusiasts.

Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 35 km from the apartment, making Synergy Dhoma Qera an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Durrës. Whether it's the allure of the beach, the convenience of the location, or the comfort of a well-appointed apartment, this property stands out as a top choice for discerning travelers.