---\ntitle: "Tafilaj Apartments"\ndescription: "Tafilaj Apartments stands as a prime beachfront destination in Durrës, offering guests an exceptional blend of convenience and scenic beauty just 38 km from Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72072734.jpg?k=3d17e4a53694f07d537719e6ec2f5ae717a396e1b6b45139082e6beaf9f8bd87&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tafilaj-apartments\naddress: "Serafina Topia 3 (Rruga Orion), 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31093091\n  lng: 19.49057976\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 103\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/72072734.jpg?k=3d17e4a53694f07d537719e6ec2f5ae717a396e1b6b45139082e6beaf9f8bd87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528822915.jpg?k=5a1e1b0cc6b5dadf6f638be765f40348709d1be47a8a7c4cc6579f661c464c27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528822911.jpg?k=fe058d1fd973d7eada284039bd6297563a31cd4428ef6cc960f27e7351d395eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528822912.jpg?k=8d32cd411d7c9472c2f3366a6138f9a4734e337ed16a45caaff83f89f14271df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528822910.jpg?k=4fc7ab5acef68a25ba595a1573dd2301645028b0495671888c8a565ab050438b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528822914.jpg?k=6cf0777b75050ef83131a5da3e9de8345d87d988872b2651cd1ab756bd7383c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507389544.jpg?k=9c077aa4856f9bbecd3ae0c6e5a21a7af8c1a310db798cf829091392f55a7798&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507389543.jpg?k=7f24e1a36ccb0c37f26d4a9edd0d2f9c7a608124239f397d105cdc78764848bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507389546.jpg?k=6ad23c52462a91fedd5a9202ffa41a0eec56c570bed0220e3848c5a4135b842a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Pergola 300 m"\n  - "Caffe Pascucci 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 450 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.2 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great place to stay and visit Durres. Bakery, store and restaurants near by.”"\n  - name: "Dritena"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very kind people !I really liked the place !Everything was super!Thank you !!!!!”"\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The owners are very kind and helpful people. Accommodation is nice, clean and close to the beach. I liked safe car parking. For this price there is no competition, if we ever come back we will definitely sleep here.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartment-tafilaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Tafilaj Apartments are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring select units with private entrances, desks, and wardrobes for a home-like experience. Entertainment and convenience are not overlooked, as some apartments come equipped with cable flat-screen TVs, fully equipped kitchens complete with toasters, and private bathrooms outfitted with bidets and slippers. For those sensitive to noise, soundproof units are available, ensuring a peaceful retreat.

The property caters to the needs of every guest, offering free WiFi, complimentary private parking, and even an electric vehicle charging station for eco-conscious travelers. A picnic area invites guests to enjoy alfresco dining amidst the beauty of Durrës, while the on-site minimarket provides all the essentials for a comfortable stay.

For adventurers and explorers, Tafilaj Apartments facilitates a range of activities. A car rental service on the premises makes exploring the surrounding area effortless, while the nearby diving opportunities promise an unforgettable experience beneath the waves.

Located conveniently close to major attractions, Tafilaj Apartments is just 42 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 6 km from the Rock of Kavaje, offering easy access to explore the natural beauty of the region. For international travelers, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 32 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as the sea breeze.

Tafilaj Apartments represents the perfect blend of serene beachfront living and convenient access to Durrës's most captivating sights, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable.