---\ntitle: "Tanners' Bridge Apartments"\ndescription: "Tanners' Bridge Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684874.jpg?k=89db09a3e75eb9c35789b3a5989db9b6530ec4a9bbbc2eb7866f6eea5b40e538&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tanners-bridge-apartments\naddress: "170 Bulevardi Bajram Curri 1st floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32638848\n  lng: 19.82717847\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 23\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684874.jpg?k=89db09a3e75eb9c35789b3a5989db9b6530ec4a9bbbc2eb7866f6eea5b40e538&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684985.jpg?k=59c9678548c20b54fb854f9407babbc2126af6e2198a377c1e239bfcfb86c5d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684870.jpg?k=1f57714a2b807d0b472c35faf924998fab5c2a5672e427876075a02a7777addc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684908.jpg?k=333d51cd4c55454985fb71df711d9192872651070d70c4e16ccc72411fb5fa55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361685059.jpg?k=9fe20da852492ea0ad21cebedc0e8b451d84a69a0e82b257cb63b5c44c06db9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684881.jpg?k=56d9679383d3a17aef1b60b793d8b2893b81ee35733e038900d72b644821a781&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361685039.jpg?k=503c429627541fb40c4a33dd6aedfdd877e6607cae9a5d975bc8d28c4be82b07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684921.jpg?k=7e886f656a80eee1425aef8f668f9237ab72f1e51c1b7c10e652c8280b7b6e8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361684853.jpg?k=c241aedc9bc11b019471cc197109d42f74bbd590826919d3e7d029f60f23ec7f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Caffe Mezeri 30 m"\n  - "Vila Frasheri 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cristina"\n    country: "Chad"\n    text: "“I really recommend it!!
It is a very nice and clean price. The owner is helpful and make you feel comfortable all the time. Location is also really good. I really enjoyed my stay there!😊”"\n  - name: "Esra"\n    country: "Luxembourg"\n    text: "“it was such a nice and well located property . me and my fiancé we liked it . the owner was such a friendly person and she was really helpful. the property had everything needed for a stay. i would recommend”"\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We waren zeer positief verrast door de ruimte inrichting en mogelijkheden in dit moderne appartement. Van alle gemakken voorzien, het was leuk ingericht, 2 badkamers! (heerlijk met twee vriendinnen) locatie was top dicht bij het centrum en...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tanners-bridge-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of modern amenities, boasting free WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and breathtaking river views. Situated a mere 600 meters from the serene Saint Paul Cathedral and a short distance from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, guests are perfectly positioned to soak in the local culture and history.

Designed with the discerning traveler in mind, the air-conditioned apartment features a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and a coffee machine, ensuring that guests feel right at home. The inclusion of two bathrooms, each with a bidet and hair dryer, adds an extra layer of convenience and privacy, underscored by the apartment's private entrance.

For those looking to explore the local shopping and art scene, the Toptani Shopping Centre and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana are conveniently located nearby, as is Reja - The Cloud, offering a glimpse into the city's contemporary cultural offerings. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, Tanners' Bridge Apartments stands out as an accessible and inviting option for both short and long-term stays in Tirana, promising an unforgettable experience steeped in comfort and local charm.