---\ntitle: "Tarace sea view apartment"\ndescription: "Tarace Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Saranda."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130182486.jpg?k=c73a8d588d3cee90458e3a6eba1cb288ae1e7409aac88ab4315360636ca88a54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tarace-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87401762\n  lng: 20.01446259\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130182486.jpg?k=c73a8d588d3cee90458e3a6eba1cb288ae1e7409aac88ab4315360636ca88a54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130180829.jpg?k=028b31d00f65b4f0281a6a3d3161abb4b3e78c58c3d51cf6b6a94a89d85c1ddb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107799034.jpg?k=dbfc18d61200ccf5c037051f600969963baf4c64fb0236a4811071e1f905d280&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107599461.jpg?k=2c24d9aa2d38839fbcbf9ea575ab6d65a6af73247d5d582be7d7a344f2c97a7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/107802752.jpg?k=be7eb239f80b4d4f1be2888daad4c8a49b5d68d46ee285ed81dd9e02562fe34b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/111506328.jpg?k=a79529414bf441d1330471389784d17b6c3c4caec606c5a253e5c3cc6f156e0b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (17 Mbps)"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Brasseria da Franco 150 m"\n  - "Nam Fish 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 800 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vitalii"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very comfortable apartment with great view of the Saranda, Corfu Island and the Ionian Sea. Very friendly and helpful owner!!!”"\n  - name: "Mathe"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Vers friendly host. Nice view over the bay. We really enjoyed our stay.Thank you”"\n  - name: "Gábor"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Owner is very nice person. The view is beautiful. City and some beach are fair close to the apartment. Easy to reach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tarace-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe charm of Tarace Sea View Apartment lies in its attention to detail. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed with a terrace that overlooks the serene sea, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation. The living spaces are equipped with comfortable seating areas and cable flat-screen TVs, ensuring guests feel at home. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, microwave, toaster, fridge, and essential kitchenware, adds to the appeal, alongside the added perks of a coffee machine and kettle. The provision of private bathrooms, complete with showers and hair dryers, ensures a comfortable stay. Moreover, the inclusion of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the apartment complex's commitment to guest comfort.

Located a mere 1.3 km from the quaint La Petite Beach and 1.5 km from the picturesque Maestral Beach, Tarace Sea View Apartment offers an excellent base for exploring the local coastline. For those venturing further, Ioannina Airport is conveniently 96 km away, making it a strategic choice for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Tarace Sea View Apartment presents a compelling option for those in search of a serene getaway in Saranda, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and breathtaking views.