---\ntitle: "Taulant"\ndescription: "Taulant emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206907.jpg?k=005de63ae25ca7e5ade831bb54f1a6a8556a5a8fae406a0de350cbfc3e887251&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: taulant\naddress: "Rr Naim Frasheri ,Sarande, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.870588\n  lng: 20.014849\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 84\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206907.jpg?k=005de63ae25ca7e5ade831bb54f1a6a8556a5a8fae406a0de350cbfc3e887251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206940.jpg?k=13577c75df764400051d7b84a522bb66bf64b34b32481b0fc835844a5785cecc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206957.jpg?k=d2718d8858de1074cb9345e5639c0ada9fb867a06810155da6d3fcaed22aa312&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206466.jpg?k=00a406307a4031fc844b619cbb9557ea1b6ac1c7fa552fe42e9d487d8fa4ff32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428206531.jpg?k=718d1506c0610af0bdc549a05124dd14964d32427b0f7c32bbff4c7c1cc48fc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428207095.jpg?k=42bcc55ed8f3766c43b086bcec8918a5ef052ca6ae5a3af67ccaa61503188f12&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet Liberty 30 m"\n  - "Ine's grill and beer 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 150 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 250 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Neby"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Exceptional stay at Taulant! Impeccably clean, cozy rooms, and top-notch service. The central location is perfect for exploring Saranda, and the host lady Lina is the best of all. She is a down to earth person and immensely helpful. Highly...”"\n  - name: "Migel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean. It had everything an apartment should have inside. The host was very kind. Great location. Definitely recommend it to everyone.”"\n  - name: "Charles"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Great location, great facilities. The reception was excellent.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/taulant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property stands out for its thoughtful amenities, including complimentary private parking and WiFi, ensuring a hassle-free stay for every guest. Families and groups will appreciate the spacious family rooms, designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each air-conditioned unit boasts a fully equipped kitchen, providing guests with the freedom to prepare meals to their liking. Select units also feature a private bathroom complete with a bidet, slippers, a hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of comfort to the stay. For those sensitive to noise, soundproof options are available, ensuring a peaceful and uninterrupted rest.

Taulant doesn't stop at offering a comfortable stay; it also facilitates exploration and adventure. With both bicycle and car rental services on-site, guests have the freedom to explore Sarandë and its surroundings at their own pace. Whether it's a leisurely ride to the nearby Maestral Beach, located just 400 meters away, or a drive to the more secluded VIP Beach, 1.9 km from the property, adventure is never far off.

Situated 96 km from Ioannina Airport, Taulant is not only accessible but stands as a beacon of relaxation and convenience for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Sarandë. This property promises a memorable stay, blending the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.