---\ntitle: "Teba Garden's Villa"\ndescription: "Teba Garden's Villa emerges as a serene haven in the vibrant city of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454184072.jpg?k=99539c6892eb8e7c7d981a1a0ef2a3c9251cb348140a7010dd0a186b79f68023&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: teba-garden-s-villa\naddress: "Rruga Hamdi Cullhaj, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31704462\n  lng: 19.77792705\nprice: "US$21"\npriceFrom: 21\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454184072.jpg?k=99539c6892eb8e7c7d981a1a0ef2a3c9251cb348140a7010dd0a186b79f68023&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490245823.jpg?k=3c07e8b474291304ff09b96d922695009e22281e0e9c88eb78ba1a08e8ee24cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521889429.jpg?k=4f7989e689181be205c49bcc9a9c8678b6c33243324cdd803e0e8393ece3cd4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490245882.jpg?k=9a9273a7d511da1f882615133383501694b9e5e9f19e038310c9f047d9df7dfc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490246211.jpg?k=5c4faa5c5a937a2c59c428d7f51207cf3d920cf29e94a596255741295a3de0bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490246235.jpg?k=62c9aeab6c878c2c3b3f55c6a13b6f58c2b9d2d95e997a9ad156b90c484932af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490245705.jpg?k=550bf148b2663811a70c78c744b622dfc898db28f0998f94660f890874482a14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521889468.jpg?k=f93f9f5ccc036a6bf970f407444057dc357c48f454067b7758c4be0e12f91987&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490246306.jpg?k=d0c4183e11236e62318f6fb4301421a8a107af0009dcd4d3a059522c2e82cbd0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 3.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 3.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 3.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 3.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 3.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cormeum Tirana 100 m"\n  - "Helios 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.6 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 2.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 82 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Robert"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Super hosts. Excellent apartment. Great location.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/teba-gardens-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe villa prides itself on its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all guests. With the added convenience of complimentary private parking, visitors are spared the usual hassles associated with city visits. The guest house is equipped with modern amenities including free WiFi, a cable flat-screen TV, and a washing machine. The kitchen is fully stocked with an oven and microwave, catering to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. 

One of the villa's most charming features is its patio, which serves as a delightful outdoor dining area. Here, guests can enjoy their meals with a view of the meticulously maintained garden, adding a touch of nature to their dining experience. The garden itself invites guests to unwind and relax, offering a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

For those looking to explore the area, Teba Garden's Villa is conveniently situated within easy reach of several local attractions. The Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering breathtaking views of the city from above, is just 9 km away. Meanwhile, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is a mere 5.3 km from the villa. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 14 km away, making the villa an accessible option for both local and foreign visitors.

Teba Garden's Villa stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of home comfort during their stay in Tirana.