---\ntitle: "Tebeu coffe and bar"\ndescription: "Tebeu Coffee and Bar emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Vlorë, a stone's throw away from the iconic Independence Square and the historic Kuzum Baba."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431234915.jpg?k=da4d672885173a7bb7793bdeac0fbb49e7d0f9b16a85bd352d878b145c81da32&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tebeu-coffe-and-bar\naddress: "Lagja Hajro Cakerri, Rruga Dadan Dalani Nr 69 Muradie, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46899988\n  lng: 19.49100979\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 41\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431234915.jpg?k=da4d672885173a7bb7793bdeac0fbb49e7d0f9b16a85bd352d878b145c81da32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431229158.jpg?k=c419f20eef4c2924132b869c43e3b1cd845cbce4fbb690c8b150086bbb833f6a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431233937.jpg?k=6937df762fe6d42afef31f5afd1946622a88f0b3368e82530197f907dea43032&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378717077.jpg?k=ddb67b2514c19a195821cdf7ce77afccc8563fcd168c77b6d786ad360a58c1e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431234919.jpg?k=b7ec4b6ffcbe44ae6a9e46daa51c0a50d3adfd3cef2b8ce86fe3ad9783b98e6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431233730.jpg?k=ffa455b13b5b0f3cceb509dfaa993e795ec7404e59075e8ecbeef56dd959e27b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378717059.jpg?k=3759a1efcbf68215401336c85afc63a6685dea8d5626ae04c6587f11fa5591df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368521847.jpg?k=5e57b3940d23c4cd68b23da8af1aeb38a3dbbbfdc94278df282d61da7d0918c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/431233169.jpg?k=d2fe5299da3e6e215f54e15f88e407fd202fef90a5181f03c536093f3789a14e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (87 Mbps)"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard King Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vins Cafe 40 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Kristal 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 200 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 250 m"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The best place to end a holiday in Albania!
New place, cozy and clean. The best place that could happen to us. Scented towels and sheets, branded and high quality. The best amanities can be found around the hotel facilities!
The owners of the...”"\n  - name: "Klinti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“One of the very best places I've had the opportunity to stay and I can truly and honestly say that it felt like home in all aspects. The staff was great and it was a memorable experience from start to finish. Definitely looking forward to my next...”"\n  - name: "Guillaume"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Great experience in Te Beu ! The location is amazing near the lovely street Justin Godard. Perfect room and comfy bed - you also have a minibar and TV if you need. Hotel standards. Many thanks to Ida the manager who was very helpful ! All the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tebeu.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSecurity is paramount, with round-the-clock services ensuring a worry-free stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of connectivity with complimentary WiFi throughout the premises, and for those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee.

Accommodations at Tebeu Coffee and Bar are designed with comfort and privacy in mind. Each unit is air-conditioned, featuring a patio decked with outdoor furniture for those moments of quiet reflection or casual conversation. Inside, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services awaits, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The added benefits of a private entrance and soundproofing underscore the establishment's commitment to guest privacy and comfort.

For caffeine aficionados and casual sippers alike, the on-site coffee shop offers a cozy spot to start the morning or recharge in the afternoon.

Situated 2.9 km from the picturesque Vlore Beach and 149 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tebeu Coffee and Bar facilitates ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service, making it an ideal choice for both local and international visitors seeking a blend of modern amenities and prime location in Vlorë.