---\ntitle: "Tech apartment"\ndescription: "Tech Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478131111.jpg?k=d7936000d4ce94507ccd5e79a1dedcb7ad941fbac1d1b30032361fce6349d86d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tech-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Qemal Stafa, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33143284\n  lng: 19.82582947\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478131111.jpg?k=d7936000d4ce94507ccd5e79a1dedcb7ad941fbac1d1b30032361fce6349d86d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479271599.jpg?k=2f9e9fde6c93c9413f4b3652a988981008ce38f1d988af3f98dba03f2de63a78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479271605.jpg?k=3cbfe1ab2d729ec99e4787b54cd04d92f083569c673d87004c0384b010ae4c08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517099816.jpg?k=6ae38bd3ee1c072c52e1371f5fe2493e50bd139141b4761374e6b3eca38994e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517099880.jpg?k=65ca6de43766ebc924432720c57e92080b76c45b644840c8f84981ed1d5f8783&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479272254.jpg?k=0540b5c791b7d56751c18714a18f6dc5e5810191075edf21d3d0318bc2b2f843&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479271603.jpg?k=e1a66b074198396e9b51a7a87af61f8a0ca0a0dad7d31de04ed685a1f5704dd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479271602.jpg?k=2db79062d25c446c9e8e6a6b16d5b2ddb0c8bc2aa66850d0acb3fa9a7729f907&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478131128.jpg?k=03b8b4e12d3fd509e3809be812bff39394df2a855f55004497c445c200e643c8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vinoteke 30 m"\n  - "Iron Brush 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mis_dj"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“We visited Tirana for a few days and rented this apartment. The apartment was clean, and the general amenities were sufficient. It's not a 5-star hotel, of course, but considering Albanian conditions, it had everything we needed,– a stove, oven,...”"\n  - name: "Joseba"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The host was really friendly.
The apartment was clean, cozy and comfortable.
Very good located in the city center.
We really recommend this apartment!”"\n  - name: "Kastel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The owner was fantastic guy. Everything in the property was excellent”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tech-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests will find themselves enveloped in the comfort of air-conditioned spaces, with free WiFi permeating throughout the property. The highlight, however, is the spacious layout that includes a terrace, a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a well-equipped kitchen complete with a fridge, ensuring that every need is met with the utmost attention to detail. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, making each stay both relaxing and enjoyable.

For those keen on exploring the cultural heartbeat of Tirana, Tech Apartment is ideally situated less than 1 km from Skanderbeg Square, placing guests at the doorstep of the city's vibrant life. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the iconic Clock Tower Tirana are also within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of local history and art.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away, making Tech Apartment a compelling choice for both domestic and international travelers. This non-smoking accommodation not only promises a serene retreat but also serves as a gateway to the myriad attractions that Tirana has to offer.