---\ntitle: "Terrace Flat in Heart of Tirana"\ndescription: "Terrace Flat in the Heart of Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786455.jpg?k=45ad875f6b852e2b5e4b8509db32060e2a790a19803a6b98bd58bc3046bf1903&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: terrace-flat-in-heart-of-tirana\naddress: "18 Rruga Hoxha Tahsim, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33011186\n  lng: 19.82630069\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786455.jpg?k=45ad875f6b852e2b5e4b8509db32060e2a790a19803a6b98bd58bc3046bf1903&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786637.jpg?k=04f3f69c3737657dfd8f99f94e840faa1a8cdd1279ab01eaccec4e1090b13349&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786642.jpg?k=90b07928f7d820bf4aa001363fdcb555551d368e18fa63da4d7a13d5a28ae130&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786598.jpg?k=1d7d72c0282409cd1cc43823a169fb7d1d2f4f58a005dea04b6159882d47cb0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786648.jpg?k=56fd83ce2cf2d4a1df412db31d1f24f46ecca9aca9da862f630a20f522af00d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786571.jpg?k=12154c6f842ec926679cdef8ef20329ab20d8c9392ee6440de4cb9ad1ca3af23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786569.jpg?k=20477ab05d083b8f5414d4c0757c3fe92b54d930549bbb5cb48577e8a393da64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786614.jpg?k=ac6dcba434822da2138d5695213b27112c4a3bee87605b65f42388844c46c44d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472786630.jpg?k=0b47bc7b18f9ef9c10dd9ff7ef3c386b2b3ce273508673ac090a57cfc3d884d7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Milky Tirana 100 m"\n  - "Meet Friends 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valerija"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Velmi čistý a prostorný apartmán. Lokalita v centru. Majitel bytu byl velmi ochotný nám pomoct a vše proběhlo v pořádku.”"\n  - name: "Magdalena"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Mieszkanie duże, przestronne, bardzo czyste, piękny, duży taras z ładnym widokiem. Jedynie czego brakowało to podstawowego wyposażenia w kuchni tj. płyn do naczyń, ściereczka, zmywak. Nie mieliśmy czym wytrzeć stołu czy blatu w kuchni.”"\n  - name: "Klaudia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Klimatyzacja w każdym pokoju, duży telewizor, dobre wyposażenie kuchni, łazienka”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/terrace-flat-in-heart-of-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nBoasting a generous layout, the apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom equipped with essential amenities, and a living space adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, which can be enjoyed on the terrace that offers breathtaking mountain and city views. The promise of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected during their stay.

For those keen on exploring, the apartment's location does not disappoint. It is conveniently located 600 meters from Tanners' Bridge and 700 meters from Skanderbeg Square, placing guests in the heart of Tirana's cultural and historical hub. Shopping enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to Toptani Shopping Centre, while art lovers can easily access the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. Additionally, the Terrace Flat is just 15 km away from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it an accessible option for international travelers.

In essence, Terrace Flat in the Heart of Tirana stands out as an ideal accommodation for those looking to immerse themselves in the city's rich history and culture, all while enjoying the comforts of a home-like setting.