---\ntitle: "Tesa Studio"\ndescription: "Tesa Studio emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426664.jpg?k=4770d52c149cb3bb2127cca8dbd92771c404f3e71f82b2926cfe3c93c5513c1c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tesa-studio\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsim, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33084258\n  lng: 19.82707294\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426664.jpg?k=4770d52c149cb3bb2127cca8dbd92771c404f3e71f82b2926cfe3c93c5513c1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426744.jpg?k=b294c6956601b11b77177304e2dc1817d9b16dbac8e46eac57f446abac6bfdda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426815.jpg?k=a89b5286edd1e1603f867e422197debe0b9a9c56f8996c2a2dd18ac948c31f90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426677.jpg?k=dcab21c16ab416f02a30478ef1815cd825c6a809b12b01e0c19e4cbb10b75ba8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426679.jpg?k=706fa74b71808826a3f74b36de04150cf3c8f0bacdaffd48a5c676cb76225048&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426680.jpg?k=4cfcab5dcac6c3292ba2f22efc3530f7d3cb8580c3ce6d9f771c456ef6b3bbe2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426686.jpg?k=f685bf906cb29b4d6b35f557f1c3a4dd9ad3c1119552c21b39c0dbe3c2245896&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426688.jpg?k=b3d99baced6e1fcc4511a690200018de9758c7b4373f280c16985a2733d0dc4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496426691.jpg?k=89bf43eda20b0d3eb959c15a035f7e2073312a07bcec993593469ed4b9695029&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iron Brush 50 m"\n  - "Vinoteke 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diellza"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“It was really clean and calm. Also the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was modern and clean.”"\n  - name: "Yaşar"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Herşey çok güzeldi ev aşırı temizdi geç geldiğimiz için yatakları açmışlardı sürekli iletişim halindeydik herşey tek kelimeyle mükemmeldi”"\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Nje apartament fantastik me enterier shume modern dhe te kompletuar per 4 persona.
Lokacioni shume i pershtatshem(afer qendres se qytetit).
Host shume te pergjegjshem ne kerkesat tona si dhe na ndihmuan ne gjetjen e parkingut per makinen.
E...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tesa-studio-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned one-bedroom apartment doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home. Guests can enjoy the luxury of a flat-screen TV, a washing machine, and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of thoughtfulness to the well-appointed space. Moreover, the private entrance ensures an exclusive and uninterrupted experience.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or a quick snack, the convenience of an on-site minimarket is a welcome feature. 

Tesa Studio is surrounded by a plethora of attractions, including the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, the historic Clock Tower, and the serene Et'hem Bey Mosque, making it an ideal spot for cultural enthusiasts. Additionally, the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha offers a unique glimpse into the country's past.

Shopping aficionados and opera lovers will be delighted to find the Toptani Shopping Centre and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania just a short distance away. 

Situated 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tesa Studio presents an accessible retreat for both domestic and international travelers, promising an unforgettable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.