---\ntitle: "Teuta Apartment"\ndescription: "Teuta Apartment emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380804028.jpg?k=197cb49996ed0202a2531e5fcae81e30ad0a6af7beafbc9941ad260db7bd69f1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: teuta-apartment\naddress: "Shetitorja e Plazhit, Durrës, Albania, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31362715\n  lng: 19.47538721\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380804028.jpg?k=197cb49996ed0202a2531e5fcae81e30ad0a6af7beafbc9941ad260db7bd69f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/447058546.jpg?k=da6ded9d4bdbcc3c263a060bc41031320777bd7d88a37bec8f566c4c0ff8cf38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428691718.jpg?k=f22886e57458cf2afa88ff07bcf68d19b89995db1523ad84b03a789fd18e7c1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463633134.jpg?k=2ba75968a3367640f4ba79fae33dccf35936ec696ec19a1caa696a31ff0c6f02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380804024.jpg?k=31b3e13ddd654cfb4bf49f90945bee12cb58295490193d94b6709492f168a863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444390797.jpg?k=7bacb196bcf7402f619feacd68a808cc803393c0f75754a0d2525f0841b0038f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384823661.jpg?k=e16322d5e0e125efb87229f5cc80416bc191b716d7f06276a5f3c87754d51c1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463633074.jpg?k=97966ee94fd0f368251a238b3860ef6813f5032408bf9ead2e693fb45624062a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470803360.jpg?k=83a5c933e9dc3b05f9eb7960d2df06eb7ac73967cfca031b4aee844e7eb253d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rizai 5 m"\n  - "Wine IF12 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 2.5 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 2.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 2.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Height"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“excellent host everything we needed to know was answered promptly.
location was perfect virtually on the beach.
plenty of restaurants bars and shops.”"\n  - name: "Anca"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“One pf the greatest and caring hosts we ever met!!! ❤️ available anytime, thank you again! We booked a 7 night trip with our 2 year old daughter. Everything was clean, comfy beds, great kitchen facilities, great views exactly on the beach, it is...”"\n  - name: "Tatjana"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Apartment is just amazing, extremely clean and cozy. Wonderful view to the sea from the whole living room and balcony. Comfortable beds. Nice restaurant on the ground floor with good discount for Teuta apartment (room service possible)....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/teuta-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Teuta Apartment is its spacious layout, which includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and an equipped kitchen boasting a dishwasher and an oven. The terrace provides stunning sea views, adding a touch of serenity to the stay. Upon arrival, guests are welcomed into the apartment through a private entrance and greeted with complimentary fruits, chocolates, or cookies, making for a warm and inviting first impression. Additional conveniences include provided bed linen, towels, and a laundry service, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free experience.

For those who appreciate the little extras, the property hosts a coffee shop and a minimarket, perfect for grabbing a quick bite or essentials without having to venture far. Families will be pleased to find outdoor play equipment, making it an ideal option for guests with children.

Located just a few steps from Durres Beach, Teuta Apartment offers easy access to sun, sand, and sea. For those looking to explore further, Skanderbeg Square is 37 km away, while Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 31 km from the accommodation, making it an excellent base for exploring the region's attractions.

In summary, Teuta Apartment provides a comprehensive package of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful touches, making it a highly recommended option for travelers visiting Durrës.