---\ntitle: "The Honeycomb Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "The Honeycomb Boutique Hotel stands as a beacon of luxury in Golem, just a short stroll from the serene Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475289430.jpg?k=f890e808ea6938990b41ba66cb7371f217582a54624d31a5426edfa3fbc1ec8b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-honeycomb-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Liria, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.234272\n  lng: 19.51899\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475289430.jpg?k=f890e808ea6938990b41ba66cb7371f217582a54624d31a5426edfa3fbc1ec8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469465632.jpg?k=a119a8de2224fbd0ff075b8a0994dd43777c9bb0a870ec79862cbad06c9d2034&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469465470.jpg?k=d2c92d5261ba9fb6ff55d7508e0a513b70e5694888262dbc76c3f712a290f180&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469465516.jpg?k=c0ecc82dda3025d43444cad55180cc8fa8288126337957765e14965995f68588&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469466064.jpg?k=a9fdf4067378c9aa8d1b9df74d3799faf220b086ca3a6cf1d9ee1d996d5369d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469465263.jpg?k=c71d93bd5b324bfb180f877d7452cd312b0dea2bd1b29832585dc8c4d12e98cb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 150 m"\n  - "Te Berti Golem 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 300 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The hotel was great. Extremly welcoming, delicious breakfasts, the people very nice and helpfull. Will recomend this as 11/10 .”"\n  - name: "Edinenina"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Excellent stay at the Honeycomb Boutique Hotel. Very warm welcome, the staff is very caring, very beautiful and nice room with impeccable cleanliness.
The breakfasts were perfect.
The location of the hotel to get to the beach is ideal, all the...”"\n  - name: "Alea"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The breakfast is buffet style- it’s not massive as it’s a new hotel and not too many guests yet- but there’s a selection to feed your family.
I would absolutely come again, it’s modern and very clean. The owners are American Albanians so it’s...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-honeycomb-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at The Honeycomb Boutique Hotel is a testament to comfort and elegance. Guests can expect to find a well-appointed desk, air conditioning for those warmer days, and a flat-screen TV for in-room entertainment. The private bathrooms are a sanctuary of cleanliness, equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms offer the luxury of a balcony, providing a perfect nook to enjoy the morning breeze or an evening sky. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

The hotel's prime location places guests within easy reach of the area's most sought-after attractions. Qerret Beach is less than a kilometer away, inviting for leisurely walks or sun-soaked afternoons by the sea. Meanwhile, Golem Beach is a mere 19-minute walk from the hotel, offering another splendid option for beach enthusiasts. For those arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 42 km away, making The Honeycomb Boutique Hotel an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, The Honeycomb Boutique Hotel is a distinguished choice for those seeking a blend of serene beach proximity, luxurious accommodations, and impeccable service. Its strategic location near notable landmarks, including the Rock of Kavaje and Skanderbeg Square, further cements its status as a premier destination for discerning guests.