---\ntitle: "The Stone Sky Hotel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Gjirokastër with a stay at The Stone Sky Hotel, a serene oasis offering a blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466443930.jpg?k=a93c45e381a57601b52ba691a07d36be41a84ea81fb61ebc64b3002c025d3fc8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-stone-sky-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Gjin Zenebisi rruga Veziret, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.075654\n  lng: 20.14445\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 430\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466443930.jpg?k=a93c45e381a57601b52ba691a07d36be41a84ea81fb61ebc64b3002c025d3fc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466440406.jpg?k=50c769071bf7fcfeb29c27fd22bf337cddd5731a08659ab2bbf6177ddb623a6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444563539.jpg?k=21bb1a4920b385eb7d7716b99acbd38f9e940c2012f948ef2e841ba0df87ff11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466440465.jpg?k=18a901aa3b01f4187e7ac4c6c15819a573a716346206d87c71976f1c1393894c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466440532.jpg?k=f8078afb8d06d18f1d59627cd3ac3797ff639230c98e89d3c52000d104973fa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466440593.jpg?k=ad6764414f6d223c19f1482e4970b8a285bc6fb6cf2f944546a228877c50f9af&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Junior Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gliko Snack Bar & Pastisserie 150 m"\n  - "Fish 300 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lendita"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“I enjoyed the quietness and the good service of this hotel. It was cozy and had a nice nostalgic feeling about it. I found it easy to settle in and the view from it was lovely.”"\n  - name: "Vishnu"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything about this property was fantastic location breakfast and the people.”"\n  - name: "Dk"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was great! The room was average sized but had all necessary amenities. The hotel staff was very warm and welcoming and were able to answer all our queries. The breakfast was limited variety but seemed very authentic and cultural.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-stone-sky.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests of The Stone Sky Hotel are treated to unparalleled service, with room service, a 24-hour front desk, and complimentary WiFi enhancing every stay. The hotel's accommodations are a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring air-conditioned rooms equipped with a wardrobe, a private patio offering captivating city views, an en-suite bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and the added convenience of a fridge. Each room is meticulously prepared with fresh bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and relaxing retreat.

Situated a mere 43 km from the tranquil Zaravina Lake and 82 km from Ioannina Airport, The Stone Sky Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and historical richness of the region. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests are guaranteed a memorable stay, surrounded by breathtaking mountain vistas and the hotel's elegant ambiance.