---\ntitle: "The Luxe Apartments"\ndescription: "The Luxe Apartments stand out as a premier choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, coupled with breathtaking city views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428743.jpg?k=9d8f2267f62120342a588814e2e34e531689c96b94ea87a93092259156ca871f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-luxe-apartments\naddress: "Bulevardi 18 Shtatori, 6001 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.08329006\n  lng: 20.14201569\nprice: "US$97"\npriceFrom: 97\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428743.jpg?k=9d8f2267f62120342a588814e2e34e531689c96b94ea87a93092259156ca871f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486799799.jpg?k=fcb9c0f3c1e91856f594976c86e636adb3abc75f53473a96c7b361eb3d5ece60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441816095.jpg?k=3d93714322144e03e7364445c58fb49141df8621becba66f23c5f3f14fb06ac1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428761.jpg?k=42d90a3e9a71616aa9ea58b30583fb0a45d968d592dcfeb91cf6c1d47e6344b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486799790.jpg?k=9b08d4f91d8c8cc6f28ca2dad8ccaaa8796d5796784bbd0ef9a5756da62dd90e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428872.jpg?k=d10bfa30b1a2a25be38c79facc6afe224b45083692de0196a3d6cfcc7a6f332c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428840.jpg?k=e8249d2f47447d22c87c4087ded0157aac96378f54bea6986b5e94459ff427dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440428747.jpg?k=2cbee4653c8035a3c0fa23f986125dfc772b2d68b60fe3d43471a09df472d03e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523037699.jpg?k=80a74c3fae356b59c3b6c7ba6b2384aa651e530b1a5408ea20c8574530ba46e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (149 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Modus 50 m"\n  - "Pizza Edi 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 56 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anouk"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The apartment is amazing! Stunning view and very very spacious! It's near the bus station, and a 30 mins walk to the bazar and Gjirokaster Castle, which was not a problem for us, as it is a nice walk through the small streets of Gjirokaster. Host...”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Very comfortable apartment with AC in every room and two bathrooms. Nice and responsible owner and thought-through equipment with attention to details to make it a pleasant stay for guest. Even the kitchen knife was newly sharpened and there were...”"\n  - name: "Enard"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“One of the best apartments in Gjirokaster, very spacious apartment, spotlessly clean, very kind and respectable hosts with good communication. The apartment was also equipped with everything you need, all the details. Very close to the old town,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-luxe-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at The Luxe Apartments are treated to an array of amenities designed to make their stay as comfortable and hassle-free as possible. Complimentary WiFi and parking are just the beginning. The apartment itself is a spacious haven, boasting three well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a fully equipped kitchen underscores the attention to detail and guest comfort.

Entertainment and relaxation are well catered for, thanks to a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a cozy dining area. The terrace, offering stunning mountain views, provides a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The air-conditioned interior, complete with a seating area and a washing machine, adds to the convenience, making it feel like a home away from home.

Outdoor dining options further enhance the appeal of The Luxe Apartments, allowing guests to enjoy meals amidst the beauty of their surroundings. For those looking to explore beyond the apartment, Ioannina Airport is conveniently located 83 km away, making travel plans seamless.

In summary, The Luxe Apartments is an exceptional choice for those seeking a blend of city convenience and natural beauty, all wrapped up in a package of luxury and comfort.