---\ntitle: "The perfect apartment in Tirana!"\ndescription: "The Perfect Apartment in Tirana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939235.jpg?k=7b4d0a3f2a127375774e775f8c239233a33968ac85f5c3f86707e1efecb4e840&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-perfect-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Abdulla Keta, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33160591\n  lng: 19.82142021\nprice: "US$89"\npriceFrom: 89\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939235.jpg?k=7b4d0a3f2a127375774e775f8c239233a33968ac85f5c3f86707e1efecb4e840&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939338.jpg?k=b381b4bb2cbc3cfca68fed6d6c37d015b9316367f34608140695ed8cc4f55f21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939447.jpg?k=6e0de9832e0c4f8a2de5195fce3a4649a25c3e7a2cc7633dd9c190bc81cc4d4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939378.jpg?k=34b872e088f20770dce5ffd2e2dfbb3fde1a2e93277bdf38146c6a3a6fc6951f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939439.jpg?k=5d513c9092de3c2a9fd9a60be1d8352d766ff07ccf255b2fba268163e4f532af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939308.jpg?k=188beeb767f1ff66fe7e5046906b5415d34bcce008138eb74b70783ca7cd73fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939333.jpg?k=fc65bb8fc8cc1d3b07d2cf49a5db6f608f5694cd795cd6f5c9f882d65f3e82f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939422.jpg?k=190f718e1d3f4985890cc6ed0f7b862e16ae8e34b10508bb3d47a4ba72300bac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485939298.jpg?k=5d4811f01aec5d690e4c33097e62e820b807d3621cd43abd1dde78bf6f7d989b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fratellis Fish House 30 m"\n  - "Mon Amour Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shoko"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment is located very practical, middle of sites, easy to find, and a private parking in the basement which closed in the night. You will enjoy the convince and safety.
The owner is sympathetic, caring and very friendly. The apartment has...”"\n  - name: "Silvana"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Es limpio hermoso demasiado cómodo …. Me encantaron sus vistas además el personas súper amable este apartamento es de los mejores de Albania”"\n  - name: "Egzona"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Looked just like the photos, everything was so clean and sparkling! The interior design was really comfy and u had everything u need there. The Host was very very helpful and really polite, she even put the heater on before we arrived so the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-perfect-apartment-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests will find themselves in a generously sized apartment that boasts a balcony with captivating city views. The interior includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven for those who enjoy preparing their meals. Additionally, the apartment comes with two bathrooms, complete with a bidet, and provides towels and bed linen for a comfortable stay. The added feature of a private entrance ensures guests enjoy their privacy without compromise.

The apartment's location is perfect for those looking to explore Tirana, with the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre all within easy reach. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making The Perfect Apartment in Tirana an ideal base for both short and extended stays in this dynamic city.