---\ntitle: "The Crown Boutique Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "The Crown Boutique Hotel & SPA stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366660868.jpg?k=9d5c70ccd45d4958c1ac95988819fe4eacc1c22287764a8e8b662cf6f62c9b6c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-crown-boutique-hotel-spa\naddress: "17 Rruga George W. Bush, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.327353\n  lng: 19.823413\nprice: "US$139"\npriceFrom: 139\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 277\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366660868.jpg?k=9d5c70ccd45d4958c1ac95988819fe4eacc1c22287764a8e8b662cf6f62c9b6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357711180.jpg?k=ed96ea10827819a6f156e36fb2105137aa4659591256497d2e3b071c06fc06d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357717375.jpg?k=a97e9e248eca3cbd6fa2b27838b7a44cd96ed9b135a4cdf12d2baaab6350ac92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357712074.jpg?k=e236a41ce51d741f4ddccfe99fc5f6708b020f578f6ba22366fb6e596d31d0d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357717362.jpg?k=4ed4965472b23a8fd55fedbbfc360c1f69630d95a884628eadaf6ca07f564985&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357707838.jpg?k=e025c0708fb9fc7b6ba1f0440db2f4af9054f3a7ebca81d374e7407fbe99af9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357708708.jpg?k=0f7faf25e3da3e551e00733e5b8d170cd40d7202e7dce89e8ba3db96bdfe972f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357707862.jpg?k=b39ecaa650ef7d4382a958908fc64be17191c64c6340a49b52d9ae46f773a652&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357707850.jpg?k=82664df9295e9d3a37a265bdd2ca0fd4aaac80f4ec4eace7079ffb11a8874339&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357707829.jpg?k=b35fd6409aec723f459d97c6e248514ef9e7408e69e44cc2bef8ee26c3db4cf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357708436.jpg?k=e0f9cc640a6570afc118bcb1118b3ad8c190cdaf0716ab8661cadf67a84598ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357708431.jpg?k=7955e0938f11a0b3cdb82b90480c19d713b6c9f1c87f19af7cd788f443ce1013&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Parku 30 m"\n  - "Superfood Vila Alba 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 200 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rebecca"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful and clean. Grand!
Reception was never unattended.
Bar and restaurant was immaculate, staff are attentive without being imposing..kitchen is on an upper level which has glass windows so you can see inside.
The whole room was amazing apart...”"\n  - name: "Rachel"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hotel was in a perfect location and the staff were very friendly. The hotel is very clean and has a lovely atmosphere.”"\n  - name: "Agron"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Love Everything, located in the best place of Tirana, facilities excellent,everything in order, breakfast outstanding, food outstanding, staff outstanding, close to Toptani shopping centre, only 500 yards from Skenderbe square,”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-crown-boutique-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at The Crown Boutique Hotel & SPA are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that come equipped with a range of amenities including a desk, coffee machine, fridge, minibar, and a safety deposit box for peace of mind. Entertainment and comfort are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom with a shower in every room. For added convenience, rooms are furnished with a kettle, and select accommodations boast a balcony or city views, enhancing the stay with a touch of exclusivity. Guests can expect the added comforts of plush bed linen and towels during their stay.

Beyond the rooms, The Crown Boutique Hotel & SPA caters to the needs of both leisure and business travelers with an array of services including an ironing service and business facilities like fax and photocopying. The presence of a shared lounge, sauna, and hot tub invites guests to relax and rejuvenate, while the on-site restaurant serves up delightful culinary experiences.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is within easy reach of notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it an ideal base for exploring the cultural richness of the city. For those arriving from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the hotel offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service.

In summary, The Crown Boutique Hotel & SPA is a distinguished choice for travelers who seek a harmonious blend of luxury, location, and service in Tirana.