---\ntitle: "The Garden Guest House"\ndescription: "The Garden Guest House emerges as a serene oasis located merely 43 km away from the iconic Rock of Kavaje, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience in Divjakë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464196916.jpg?k=d5a4174fccc4f5ad0154e522bcc0a8e15d4f2e4cd69ec6abc174a37ee95bd096&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-garden-guest-house\naddress: "Lagjia 2, Lagjia e Gorrenjve, 9022 Divjakë, Albania"\ncity: "Divjakë"\nlocation: "Divjakë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.00439314\n  lng: 19.52411689\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464196916.jpg?k=d5a4174fccc4f5ad0154e522bcc0a8e15d4f2e4cd69ec6abc174a37ee95bd096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456523861.jpg?k=7d0790ff06455eb3592bdcab59f207be9a0d15df366163c634018309909837be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453696801.jpg?k=722a0ecf72daab0cff95a60eb75a2f051cd37296eff989a5a8e301ba31d34e62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454237907.jpg?k=fb1167c61c27bb9797ac9d427d752d52975673eced7d0b5549098ac9ab6a200c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478719542.jpg?k=6eefd93a0d14274b1f3182c61e075151d7a282584c390c9e05df52a3efe72608&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478719570.jpg?k=9434ccad68bae1309cc72c41ecc8ec19d3e6d2571f065b1c625d1e8f734d8cf6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shkoza 400 m"\n  - "Sotiri 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 0 m"\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 47 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tanya"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing hospitality and breakfast, our host was very friendly and helpful. Gorgeous views from the balcony. Fresh fruit and produce from the garden at breakfast”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very welcoming and friendly host who went out of her way to help us and make sure we had a nice stay. Fantastic breakfast. Comfortable room. Would happily return.”"\n  - name: "Nikhil"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The best Booking.com stay I’ve ever had in my life! The property and hosts were excellent. Great location, house and the nicest hosts. The host was attentive, caring and ensured we were comfortable. The beds in our room were extremely comfy and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-garden-guest-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to accommodations that open up to tranquil views of the garden and the city beyond, from either a terrace or balcony. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully functional kitchen. The addition of a patio with an outdoor dining area invites guests to savor their meals amidst nature. For added peace of mind, each unit also includes a safety deposit box.

The presence of a quaint coffee shop on-site, along with a handy minimarket, ensures that guests' needs are met without having to venture far. For those eager to explore the surrounding area, The Garden Guest House facilitates sightseeing tours, and offers both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy for guests to engage in nearby activities such as cycling and fishing.

Situated 78 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the property also provides a convenient paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free travel experience for guests. The Garden Guest House stands as a testament to the perfect blend of leisure and adventure, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.