---\ntitle: "The Place Apartments 2, Qerret"\ndescription: "The Place Apartments 2, Qerret, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience along the Golem coastline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459562663.jpg?k=b6ffc5bcf4308ccd64bb4c8e719b516ce1540d28c9a30fc27ae6e0ec677b7cab&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-place-apartments-2-qerret\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.21659118\n  lng: 19.50439129\nprice: "US$88"\npriceFrom: 88\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459562663.jpg?k=b6ffc5bcf4308ccd64bb4c8e719b516ce1540d28c9a30fc27ae6e0ec677b7cab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459942549.jpg?k=9623f93516394776c3e4920fa15347683b1a8d9217244dbb1edc1aa63bcf35ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459942080.jpg?k=2760ec2ff40d9d894ad4c5e889c7db120f8e492b0b0edf766d3c8c4b1c4c07dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459941418.jpg?k=25a08930408ebb58d01d3156defdcc6504033b258312ae523499bcc640e6211d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459941491.jpg?k=8c568e4dacbc9571e3d7f0cfe62ad2954a4d53ec33cffcfa6d10f17aabc95cbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459944163.jpg?k=c2f89601fab5d8cb2647ecff5ad64f6c0f7f7b82521901552a009313230e5b32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459942672.jpg?k=c76713a2e0b891c1afd65b986c6e5988dec5fa704e6a14029b929bcd0b793ba1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463768005.jpg?k=d693b815a983c605e39f2aee15ff6717e62ee9d72bfdfb7d7e5e3fd66a0e42a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459941307.jpg?k=954422171eaecd6d43247b177a75c6fa363ee12bc5cc4f2ad19c700ee91fe719&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Floga Qerret 20 m"\n  - "Ylberi Bar Restorant 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 40 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 13 km"\n  - "Bekimi 13 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 27 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Baçi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment has a big space and it’s perfect for family vacation. All facilitieas are near and the security is a big pro. The host is very polite and helpful. Would highly recommend to anyone.”"\n  - name: "Gazmir"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing apartment, with a lot of space, perfect for a couple, family or a group of friends.
Very clean, well-organized and with everything you need to have an enjoyable stay.
Fast Wifi, TV, Balcony, Fully Equipped Kitchen & Provided Towels”"\n  - name: "Rf1986"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I just booked this charming house and had an absolutely wonderful experience. The house was beautifully designed with modern amenities and everything was immaculately clean. The location was perfect - just a stone's throw away from the beach,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-place-apartments-2-qerret.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of modern amenities within this air-conditioned apartment, which boasts two cozy bedrooms, a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a dining area perfect for intimate meals. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, invites guests to prepare their own gourmet meals, while the living room provides a comfortable space to unwind after a day of adventure. For added convenience, towels and linens are available upon request.

The Place Apartments 2 doesn't just stop at providing a comfortable stay; it ensures a hassle-free experience with complimentary private parking and WiFi, catering to the needs of today's digital-savvy traveler. While the property maintains a non-smoking policy to ensure the comfort and well-being of all guests, it also offers proximity to notable attractions such as the Durres Amphitheatre and the House of Leaves, located 19 km and 49 km away, respectively. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently situated 44 km from the property, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, The Place Apartments 2, Qerret, stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of Golem, offering both the tranquility of a beachfront location and the convenience of modern amenities.