---\ntitle: "The Panoramic Villa"\ndescription: "The Panoramic Villa emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Shirokë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746282.jpg?k=3be80008388674c29d8e1f635a81c6170c19acde2e18e496904fef21604020ce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-panoramic-villa\naddress: "Rruga e Selvijave, 4001 Shirokë, Albania"\ncity: "Shirokë"\nlocation: "Shirokë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.05831113\n  lng: 19.44647719\nprice: "US$355"\npriceFrom: 355\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746282.jpg?k=3be80008388674c29d8e1f635a81c6170c19acde2e18e496904fef21604020ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746988.jpg?k=79559fd41db58974adb978de81f295c2b1114800b442a9fdfa4bb560d38ee3f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746584.jpg?k=43a852bcab20a157a7fb44b1e399c78ecfd47de7fb69782d940c289e3740cc48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474747145.jpg?k=1d5707a12c6e8f173fd75375cbc1c3ed1cc5d00d1976af50fae5f83a6ecb93e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525441911.jpg?k=6cc2ae3f6aa8fab2f02a674c6ef72233f9cb2777346ceefd4caae7c42b188e84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746675.jpg?k=a488227528c9217062421eebbb673d1f53461e9ebda0180969b1d955ccb98e3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746990.jpg?k=1420b20e367795c3e5721e0c9e5b78af6dd8f325fa57d6a9e8b92fa067b3a2c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746461.jpg?k=500bb7736e44c9dec26068552ed98e6a59feed7271e8e78c3f017c7f1deb9876&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474746459.jpg?k=880b104b3461fc40f35fcc5e1df4a424e2666267aa121a17b1bfd2974378a13b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shiroka 96 250 m"\n  - "Kraja 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 4.1 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 36 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 69 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Beautiful villa, lovely furnishings and fantastic pool/outdoor area with loads of space and a gorgeous view of the lake! Just as perfect as it looks in the photos. Staff couldn’t be more helpful answering questions and solving problems instantly...”"\n  - name: "د"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“الموقع والنظافة وتصميم الفيلا والإطلالة وجودة الأثاث والخصوصية واحتراف الموظفين وسهولة التسجيل والمغادرة وقمة أخلاق جميع الموظفين وقرب الفيلا من البحيرة والمقاهي المطلة على البحيرة.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/panoramic-lake-view-luxury-villa-shiroka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Panoramic Views"\nbestCategories: "Panoramic Views"\ncategory: "Panoramic Views"\n---\n\nGuests stepping into the villa are greeted by an expanse of space, with the property featuring three generously sized bedrooms and three well-appointed bathrooms. The inclusion of bed linen and towels adds a touch of home, while the flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen cater to both entertainment and culinary needs. The terrace, offering serene garden views, serves as a tranquil retreat for those moments of quiet contemplation or leisurely breakfasts.

Privacy and security are paramount at The Panoramic Villa, with a private entrance for guests and round-the-clock security ensuring a worry-free stay. For those keen to explore the local area, the villa not only provides sightseeing tours but also offers a bicycle rental service, making it easy for guests to discover the nearby attractions at their own pace. Cycling enthusiasts will find the surrounding area ripe for adventure.

Located 50 km from the Port of Bar and 67 km from Podgorica Airport, the villa's strategic location allows for easy access to and from major points of interest. For added convenience, a paid airport shuttle service is available, ensuring seamless transfers. Whether it's the allure of Shirokë's natural beauty or the villa's comprehensive range of facilities, The Panoramic Villa promises a memorable stay for those in pursuit of relaxation and exploration.