---\ntitle: "The King Resort"\ndescription: "The King Resort emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236249923.jpg?k=b9c3f76260667f553b505c48efaba2d69528576faa9ec1513b50a63479cf1e4f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-king-resort\naddress: "Autostrada Tirane-Durres, 100 metra mbrapa Brunes-it Prapa Drejtorisë së Përgjithshme të transportit (targat) km. 7 Tiranë - Vorë, 1053 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.36307196\n  lng: 19.72880692\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 382\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/236249923.jpg?k=b9c3f76260667f553b505c48efaba2d69528576faa9ec1513b50a63479cf1e4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237432257.jpg?k=0196af65b7fad68a3e7828a759f7d78078be1414b161431761d79e5f7a734c68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237426675.jpg?k=46330f027f75659477e260a829ce473aceaef6f61268f8cc60cc6051a6afe103&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237434321.jpg?k=2851cdc6e056128e8bf1de7536d3c3359a4cb470a787390413c848f0fee28b67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237429532.jpg?k=5cf6ed52b62f6cd958d27ef7e609feb819d9d4eb3b61bb22c9ac73df10bd0016&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237434209.jpg?k=b42aab60e0811e5a998046ebc03532208b683c66166ac47ef22610deda4b88e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237434223.jpg?k=a051abf8eb5085690feb9302796075d2d82f8ab187badef992c32c4be6f0f242&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237434240.jpg?k=9543571fdacbc5f3ce0a9181741bb98968f900b120b28eeb165ec9da66a9492e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/237434255.jpg?k=11dbb685409e7e70061f0d94ba23d73b5c14411ee79c7305703399539eb5c5da&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 9 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 10 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 11 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Start 300 m"\n  - "Due Fratelli 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 6 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 3.9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "John"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Convenient location for the airport, you would need a car if wanting to go into centre of tirana. Enjoyable breakfast, nice staff”"\n  - name: "Jovan"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Excellent host. Amazing brekfast. Warm and pleasent.”"\n  - name: "Rabia"\n    country: "Jersey"\n    text: "“Absolutely beautiful place to stay. Clean and well maintained. Well organised. We enjoyed our stay. Hot water in shower and room heating was spot on. Very different interior. Loved our short stay”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/resort-the-king.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nAccommodations at The King Resort are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The safety deposit box adds an extra layer of security, while the private bathroom comes complete with a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer for convenience. Additionally, a fridge in every unit allows guests to keep beverages and snacks chilled.

For those eager to explore the surroundings, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located just 13 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. The historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is also within a 10 km radius, providing a glimpse into Albania's past. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the nearest airport, situated only 7 km from the hotel, making The King Resort an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking to discover the charms of Tirana.