---\ntitle: "The Bearded Dad Hostel"\ndescription: "The Bearded Dad Hostel emerges as a vibrant oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of communal ambiance and serene garden views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337843344.jpg?k=666ad7f026b9dbb2cd990f7fdcc544d99daae342e9c7a17dfaaefec31b6629d4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-bearded-dad-hostel\naddress: "Rruga Hamid Shijaku, Vila 13, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.334972\n  lng: 19.814917\nprice: "US$13"\npriceFrom: 13\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 99\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337843344.jpg?k=666ad7f026b9dbb2cd990f7fdcc544d99daae342e9c7a17dfaaefec31b6629d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339076033.jpg?k=939217f618f1f68436f9496da8b3c0d608d0e3233a65605e1e596cb230446f33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337843338.jpg?k=c9df1aa9c5c748b5ffb2c179432ed56aba0e055c5d97bb6ce0076f6ed8df3805&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337846983.jpg?k=22956039344741d89a508033dd9256c1f7008b3eaf61d47ee2b7d85c40fa18b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337846980.jpg?k=97ff980cd7deaa2bdabb25f87ef2ccfe8ce89e03c7c07b1e06d24f6c0f15e4cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339077122.jpg?k=384a60620eccc8e40c6291f6c60b3b7c87aff1821de5e98befdff5640624687b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/339077026.jpg?k=df8a77597a0fa88f18400eac9e758b42d29c065a541d4cf0a354ed389734e320&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/337843353.jpg?k=e7a8b813ec8bf6ef5479bba3ea64fcd1ca91de326f9530468d09842b5039cb43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343807703.jpg?k=6ef26ea82371da529aa437b571121aacd31a85f330bcce6436a6404a803c837f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar & Restorant Colombo 50 m"\n  - "Boleros 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hanna"\n    country: "Morocco"\n    text: "“Hostel is perfect located - in the centre but on calm small street, with very nice decorations, mosquito nets on the windows. You can enjoy big terrace and garden. Eneida and Dolsin are the best hosts. Contact by mail and WhatsApp was perect....”"\n  - name: "Çağlar"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Friendly owner, very clean and near to the center.”"\n  - name: "Miguel_dowd"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Really beautiful hostel. Modern, clean and comfortable. Lovely balcony and outside areas. The host is a kind person. Shadow the dog was an added bonus, she's amazing!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-bearded-dad-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at The Bearded Dad Hostel are thoughtfully designed, with each room boasting a balcony that overlooks the lush garden, providing a tranquil retreat after a day of exploration. The shared bathroom facilities and provision of bed linen underscore the hostel's commitment to comfort and convenience.

Morning risers are greeted with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of adventure. The hostel's proximity to notable attractions, including Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Museum of History Albania, makes it an ideal base for guests keen on delving into Albania's rich history and culture.

Located merely 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, The Bearded Dad Hostel serves as a perfect gateway for travelers seeking an authentic and engaging experience in Albania's vibrant capital.