---\ntitle: "The best comfort ever."\ndescription: "The Best Comfort Ever emerges as a shining example of modern convenience and elegance in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495663207.jpg?k=94c9c924e794730b8a758013c5221166043f7db2507fcd38a62eb3def39ce0d3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-best-comfort-ever\naddress: "Rruga e Elbasanit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31863325\n  lng: 19.82696531\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495663207.jpg?k=94c9c924e794730b8a758013c5221166043f7db2507fcd38a62eb3def39ce0d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494681315.jpg?k=91c97ae41bb23321ce7201bdee3b54ec14b23e8c868570961b61373056666fd5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494681285.jpg?k=fd94d3588d84472f969a930ee1409afbeb038993739ec93ca35f24eda82dc686&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495797363.jpg?k=d59b504101fdec5657b332e1d3e43f317c30ce61983d2959936d53f6137bd981&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495797120.jpg?k=4078c0f2e469176ff9465227df12cb3fb9303f4f92d09e9aa606bc75dc6eb1bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495796964.jpg?k=b6605ebab166528ce7a02dbc21623d189a638748bd1293c90c620b8f2a8862ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495795699.jpg?k=048441176816a8599e695d5060d6b66fadfca891cea9a0496ed268f1767f3644&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493602319.jpg?k=184667818fb8f4006a2a0463f07317edcc6391ef0a67c2eefcec0a568f0f6546&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495401131.jpg?k=753113fcf0c7449fc8c0205defcfa3f6672023027cc51781da141a9b7421fe1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zesty Tirana 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe \Yogurteria 2\\"\" 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 100 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rjuliar"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Wohnung ist sehr groß und sehr stilvoll eingerichtet. Die Ausstattung ist auch sehr gut. Man ist in ca. 15 Minuten am Skanderplatz. Check In verlief unkompliziert. Host immer erreichbar und antwortet schnell.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-best-comfort-ever-tirana2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSpanning a generous layout, the apartment boasts two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for relaxation. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, alongside a convenient washing machine, underscores the property's commitment to a home-away-from-home experience. The presence of two pristine bathrooms, stocked with fresh towels and bed linen, adds a touch of luxury. For those chilly evenings, the fireplace becomes the heart of the apartment, offering a cozy retreat.

The convenience extends beyond the apartment's doors, with a coffee shop for morning delights and a minimarket for quick essentials, ensuring every need is within reach.

For those keen to explore, The Best Comfort Ever serves as an ideal base. The Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Saint Paul Cathedral are among the notable attractions nearby, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the city's rich culture. Further afield, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car offers an adventure 6.5 km away, while Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 17 km from the property, facilitates ease of travel.

In summary, The Best Comfort Ever stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and culture in Tirana.