---\ntitle: "✦ The Muse Apartment II"\ndescription: "The Muse Apartment II emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023027.jpg?k=983a2372bcb50401be8b85b61fe675f8219b037a8d09232c799f25f978313777&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-muse-apartment-ii\naddress: "Rruga Marko Boçari, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31539855\n  lng: 19.81469444\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023027.jpg?k=983a2372bcb50401be8b85b61fe675f8219b037a8d09232c799f25f978313777&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023073.jpg?k=7d6b13aa044eab60b77b2df24b78811545cae6f23f4140988731d291122465d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023068.jpg?k=ef67859ab9f3e9d1edf6a5934cef92d60dc1726cba49977de051090bb62ea2f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023048.jpg?k=8c64402584ee1d5060538f9d632c58eb5a05141d4cfa30f98237293045d1995d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023065.jpg?k=004451daee735b084bc8200d2c926318dcc1e2bd00b8f6a2974e04f45ed1198c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023050.jpg?k=1f8e18c7c9c86db5368a2bd93cc1490c68cf4965f1ea1a59fd47664ff2a4ef0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023052.jpg?k=7f10bbfa578e061a0196481de3f1f9595834bee15f78fe3f9b29d6e506039b2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023054.jpg?k=7e14c25c167c965431a979319b4d3cc863030bb1c4d9c8b45cd0fcce260eaa4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402023056.jpg?k=6791264e3ce2d2f2e7e85dadbfa8679e960236f85afc41ebe5d9adb6031eece4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.4 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "LUnico 10 m"\n  - "Le Bon 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erin"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Beautiful, fresh apartment full of light! Really nicely updated, host was so friendly and helpful and you could not find a better location - close to the park, walking distance from centre of the city and surrounded by cafes and restaurants!”"\n  - name: "Jona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Every detail was perfect! The host was so kind and friendly. Very nice location. You could find everything nearby.”"\n  - name: "Ransook"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“ㅇ숙소는 호수 5분거리로 카페와 레스토랑이 많습니다. 호수에서 여유롭게 산책과 썬셋을 즐길수 있습니다. ㅇ 숙소의 인테리어는 매우 모던하고 넓고 깨끗해 나의 플랫들 중 top3 안에 듭니다. . 또한 조용하고 햇살이 좋아 편안하게 지냈습니다. ㅇ 호스트는 매우 친절하고 응답이 빨라 불편함이 없습니다.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-muse-apartment-ii.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a meticulously designed space, where a one-bedroom apartment awaits, complete with modern amenities. The kitchen is well-equipped with an oven and a fridge, catering to those who prefer home-cooked meals. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a cozy seating area, making it a perfect retreat after a day of exploration. The convenience of a private bathroom, adorned with fresh towels and bed linen, enhances the comfort of the stay.

The Muse Apartment II stands out not only for its well-appointed interiors but also for its commitment to guest convenience. The availability of free WiFi throughout the property and the option for private parking on-site are thoughtful touches that elevate the guest experience. The non-smoking environment ensures a pleasant and healthy stay for all visitors.

Strategically located, the apartment is within easy reach of Tirana's most sought-after attractions, including the lush Grand Park of Tirana, the historic Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the iconic Pyramid of Tirana. For those traveling further afield, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 16 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

The Muse Apartment II is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the best of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of history, making it an ideal choice for discerning travelers.