---\ntitle: "The Queen's Lion Premium HOTEL"\ndescription: "The Queen's Lion Premium HOTEL stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478063872.jpg?k=a7d5351788d0ca9966541242396af177060d14c68693489e8ff4ac2f4086b699&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-queen-s-lion-premium-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Turizem Kanali Cukes, 9701, Bashkia Sarande, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85860256\n  lng: 20.02089337\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478063872.jpg?k=a7d5351788d0ca9966541242396af177060d14c68693489e8ff4ac2f4086b699&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481699502.jpg?k=ddae0f7e965b866b412b71578706a07fe8d76add5a121ee79fd5d803ef011d38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478059488.jpg?k=c8a76dde8f3feb1f335e919fda480f7044d467ef97d3758b994dec2bd439e4f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460121656.jpg?k=41b1e5166f629b4537b0f3c46e79f3b129f613383fefdaf097ffb68e23a9c04f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480486921.jpg?k=5deb0c68ddc6c527e32949b9d7c3982c723ff0601b49aba2058beca315d5a3c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478058187.jpg?k=e9752462a8f8d20f01e9bcffb7522c8de211245d61eda7735740256b99bbe23b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View - ANEX"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Triple Room with Sea View - ANEX"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koral 100 m"\n  - "The Meat House Sarande 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 300 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 500 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 950 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Nigeria"\n    text: "“Top location, great views , infinity pool and rooftop bar . Host very friendly and helpful. Rooms and facilities brand new and clean .”"\n  - name: "Amede"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I really enjoyed my stay at The Queen’s Lion in Sarande. It’s a lovely hotel, brand new with modern fixtures. The hotel staff were so friendly and very accommodating. Xhoni was amazing from check in to check out - giving me a choice of rooms to...”"\n  - name: "Zekir"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Super clean new hotel with the best personal. For sure we came again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-queen-39-s-lion.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nA favorite among travelers, The Queen's Lion Premium HOTEL is strategically positioned within a short stroll from VIP Beach and Flamingo Beach, making it an ideal choice for beach enthusiasts. Guests can enjoy the ease of complimentary WiFi and the convenience of room service, ensuring a stay that is both connected and catered to.

Accommodations at The Queen's Lion Premium HOTEL are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, providing a perfect blend of functionality and relaxation. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries, adds a touch of luxury. Select rooms also feature a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind.

Morning risers are greeted with a choice of buffet, continental, or vegetarian breakfast options, each promising a delightful start to the day. The hotel's multilingual staff, proficient in German, Greek, English, and Russian, are always available to assist guests, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable experience.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel, Butrint National Park is located just 14 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's natural beauty and historical significance. Ancient Fanoti, another notable attraction, is 48 km from the hotel, inviting guests to delve into the region's rich past. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 96 km away, making The Queen's Lion Premium HOTEL a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.