---\ntitle: "The White Corner"\ndescription: "The White Corner emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612519.jpg?k=54a9b9fa9b02c6a83bb5736df5b9fe8a7cbf6a982b399388e343067180aafb7a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-white-corner\naddress: "Rruga Abaz Çelkupa, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32049467\n  lng: 19.45299483\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612519.jpg?k=54a9b9fa9b02c6a83bb5736df5b9fe8a7cbf6a982b399388e343067180aafb7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612514.jpg?k=c86d8cb92f97d6c9582160d6caabf82b04793b28a3969c14fc635228154a040c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612550.jpg?k=457a9350c74e4b65dae875dcadafc5921cffd4aef34dcc522ffa73a75e1e3bc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612498.jpg?k=ee8cda598e04a67c3e5d2f7af15d235f3312be2614d741dfc95af328ada5818a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612535.jpg?k=fc53b691ffc2c6d5ba91421482b745554f3c65d3ca3e0e783851a93f339e6604&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612503.jpg?k=91fc19845501110e7bc5fc121aed96293646997fc1001cafd241723e0609681b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612525.jpg?k=170f8970b83e67d16de091d14909e410cd85e338053de7940230c105799013ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612513.jpg?k=cc9da8a36da885e4fb77d71ca0085f1f67ead0a40954e05f64f84295fb2adc38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482612220.jpg?k=f174970ecca1868d73443cda1cfd6b73ab58c67e1a392e70e442e689d4b0118a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (293 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "New Tradita Shqiptare 30 m"\n  - "Caffe Pascucci 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 450 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 550 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 650 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 650 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 2.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Junior"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I had the most incredible stay at this room in Durres, Albania. From the moment I stepped in, I was blown away by the stunning view from the balcony overlooking the port. The room's modern design added a touch of elegance, and the private toilet...”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I had a fantastic stay at this apartment! The location couldn't have been better, being centrally located near the bus station and the main grocery market of the city. The neighborhood was bustling with shops and restaurants, and having a huge...”"\n  - name: "Hyemin"\n    country: "South Korea"\n    text: "“As you can see from the photos, the room is super spacious, clean and well-equipped. Also this room is located very close to the bus terminal, so it's good for travellers who move by bus. There's a big supermarket, SPAR, at the same building so...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-white-corner.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis recently renovated apartment boasts stunning sea views and is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable stay. Guests will appreciate the thoughtful touches such as slippers, a hair dryer, towels, and bed linen, making it feel like a home away from home. The addition of a private entrance and soundproofing guarantees an intimate and undisturbed experience.

For those looking to explore the area, The White Corner provides the convenience of a car rental service, making local attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje easily accessible. Furthermore, the property is a comfortable distance from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 32 km away, ensuring ease of travel.

With the added benefits of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured of a hassle-free stay. It's important to note that this is a non-smoking property, catering to those who prioritize a clean and healthy environment.

The White Corner stands out as an exceptional choice for travelers who value privacy, comfort, and accessibility, making it a highly recommended stay in Durrës.