---\ntitle: "The Gwen"\ndescription: "Located just a stone's throw away from the vibrant Saranda City Beach, The Gwen emerges as a freshly renovated gem in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375616056.jpg?k=9b7f3821b892140d71357f9d386e74a8bc09a502a8f5cd6ae63c7dd320505cdf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-gwen\naddress: "Rruga Teuta.Lagja nr3 Sarande 19/302, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87863366\n  lng: 20.00167136\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 110\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375616056.jpg?k=9b7f3821b892140d71357f9d386e74a8bc09a502a8f5cd6ae63c7dd320505cdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474319923.jpg?k=6b9b9b1dab8306682ab833364ec7d58b9d87be8d2babae29d83ba52da48089a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474321891.jpg?k=4ffee5a3289ab6195664d6a6c93f67554dbb5b21a95f055920be5f8e2c41a35f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474327188.jpg?k=513a727a7b61c765d7f3b0d4742b66cfa3a9cee2bb4a272e7b3d6c13898d8155&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377854878.jpg?k=c17e4e3b489986a7ffb6ae360860e33eac6cac24ec66fca89d8c157cb915f971&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377854950.jpg?k=3007e73f2a06c9022a994d7da761fc4714224b0fa819c8f8a89b5c708f94d5f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (40 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 100 m"\n  - "Ali Pasha 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“- Very nice, clean and comfortable apartment in a central location (10/15 min walk from the main attractions).
- The owner was very hospitable and kind. She let us check in early when the room was clean, gave us bottled water, and asked if we...”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Really chic apartment, had a nice view over the coast. Everything felt very clean and new, the owner was very nice and although there are several apartments, the walls between the balconies allow for some privacy. 10 minutes walk from the bus...”"\n  - name: "Christopher"\n    country: "Singapore"\n    text: "“Extremely clean. Comfortable. Owner is nice with quick communication.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-gwen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment at The Gwen is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring balconies that present breathtaking sea views. The interiors are equipped with flat-screen TVs, kitchens that cater to every culinary need, and private bathrooms stocked with essentials including a hair dryer. For added convenience, guests will find ample storage space in the wardrobes and a kettle for their morning or evening brew.

The property doesn't just stop at providing excellent rooms; it extends an invitation to tranquility with its serene garden. It's a perfect spot for guests to unwind after a day of beach adventures or city exploration.

For those looking to venture a bit further, La Petite Beach and Maestral Beach are within easy reach, located 2 km and 2.1 km away respectively. And for the travelers concerned about their journey to and from the airport, Ioannina Airport is situated 97 km from The Gwen, making it accessible yet comfortably distant from the hustle and bustle of airport traffic.

The Gwen stands out as a beacon of comfort and convenience, offering a blend of home-like amenities and easy access to some of Sarandë's most sought-after beaches and attractions. It's an ideal choice for families and travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in the picturesque setting of Sarandë.