---\ntitle: "The Actors Studio"\ndescription: "The Actors Studio stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520202636.jpg?k=61be6747e8b7c1e130897f7cba629682ab639fd26bef3bfe96e544e0060d5e66&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-actors-studio\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33148934\n  lng: 19.80834673\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520202636.jpg?k=61be6747e8b7c1e130897f7cba629682ab639fd26bef3bfe96e544e0060d5e66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520203345.jpg?k=039edd72209c19363ee079560d3e38f46e00cc4677d3ea67e79beff737447891&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504794720.jpg?k=a409bce1203c0bcdda3c9d30372f1b2eec0f8b976e41c89e947284aff0eba83c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522002751.jpg?k=06e667788f7558286584a376a31038d31b4260c10496cfd39fe79dab2413ad53&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504794897.jpg?k=f9d5f015c68e6d0fdb649312cf7a01991ffde87ae2d7b567950eb3c3aa875335&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522002803.jpg?k=dff670cc3b35df48dc639b315a89e5cf023348d29946833190255a6af1a57c42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520202891.jpg?k=1d3b0fb3c162c196fe6a28093f5dcda2e13cde8929abfa61a1fd6eca97bd29ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520201663.jpg?k=6150dd75f97c01cea66a094a55a8950ecbbd6d3516232489d0bf557cca50084b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502929333.jpg?k=d91710f182d694a4d753be088ec0824675068b4a1267ffb1fa9e58674c8a5b1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lika 150 m"\n  - "ibiza 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1,000 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thetis"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The Actors studio is a top choice for Tirana. It is located in a very central area close to the center and easy access to the airport. The facilities are great, it’s been renovated recently and it has an actors theme for decoration, making it very...”"\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A beautiful, spacy studio with a wonderful design. Easygoing, communicative and very helpful owners. Great location. Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Cristache"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“If you want an unique place, with amazing design and in the heart of Tirana, this is the place! The apartment was squeaky clean, we also had everything that we needed: from coffee and towels to shampoo and iron. The hosts are super nice and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-actors-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a seamless experience with services such as private check-in and check-out, secure bicycle parking, and a handy currency exchange. The proximity to significant landmarks, including the Rock of Kavaje, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Clock Tower Tirana, positions The Actors Studio as an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts and history buffs alike.

The accommodation itself is a testament to thoughtful design and guest comfort. A spacious apartment awaits, boasting a balcony that offers captivating city views. The layout includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances like a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of a walk-in shower in the bathroom, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds a touch of home-like comfort. Notably, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a pleasant stay for all guests.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, a car rental service is conveniently available on-site. The Actors Studio is also within walking distance of several popular attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it a perfect spot for those keen to delve into the city's vibrant life. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, guests enjoy easy access to and from this exceptional accommodation.

In summary, The Actors Studio emerges as a top-tier choice for travelers who value both the cultural richness of Tirana and the comforts of a thoughtfully designed living space.