---\ntitle: "The Grandfather's Room"\ndescription: "The Grandfather's Room, located in the serene Vlorë County region of Himare, offers a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty, making it a standout choice for travelers seeking a tranquil retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187752679.jpg?k=cb55cad382a62638c5b19f7b79e9c71c1c5d55e49aeff4065be8da271808c8eb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-grandfather-s-room\naddress: "Old Himare, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.12126399\n  lng: 19.73214269\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 46\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/187752679.jpg?k=cb55cad382a62638c5b19f7b79e9c71c1c5d55e49aeff4065be8da271808c8eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58150055.jpg?k=59cb809cb7d1a86cbaba84a0fd6f17b837e675999f3df986fa3fa6a7799935fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58149842.jpg?k=51a2d3a95f06cdaaab2c46662d9cbb63805e89621d4f777a4052c6e5788ecd2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58150040.jpg?k=8fc76d4aa9724f1233d475474572843f5151359ff3c217d2b73c4d21f17d5480&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58150022.jpg?k=60a5c40c95eb0b1bf2a45d24ab64ec257549aa243c094d4c9e5fb82885b6762d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527590429.jpg?k=9148f36fe323f26039de94510c20547ba4baf87ec9fc53c720d5f16305976ac6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58149974.jpg?k=a1fb01da5b0c6e1b82e559e039f3615c9ea556cd7f12d5cb347e89d9358bec19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/102060819.jpg?k=f592c8ac792854bd20a42f8d6ef243c5c4dc1a99de4ea32a917d12a37768217f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358046727.jpg?k=535636341a59bc6da777a0290e757fe491dc0c31478d4251d7a2d9214fa41d3f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Café Butterfly 450 m"\n  - "Boho Beach Bar 1.5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 2 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 59 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Broncucia"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Xantieppe, Gianni and Michalis were amazing hosts!! Their house is perched in an amazing spot overlooking the sea and you are surrounded by grape vines, flowers and all the beautiful things they grow. My brother and I were treated like long lost...”"\n  - name: "Juliane"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very friendly people, communication was mainly sign language as they do not speak english- but that was not a problem at all. The Food was self made, fresh from the Garden and really good (and a lot). The garden and the view is so relaxing and...”"\n  - name: "Dominika"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Everything about the accommodation is exceptional. The incredibly beautiful view, surrounding, and garden speak for themselves. But really, what made our stay unforgettable was the hospitality of the family. The three year old girl living at the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-grandfather-39-s-room.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nDesigned with the modern traveler in mind, The Grandfather's Room features air-conditioned accommodations equipped with a fully functional kitchen, cozy seating, and dining areas, alongside a television for entertainment. The rooms are soundproofed, ensuring a peaceful stay, and come with thoughtful touches such as complimentary fruits, adding a personal feel to the experience.

For those who prefer to dine in, the property offers a shared kitchen, while the convenience of grocery delivery services and the option for packed lunches cater to the needs of every guest. The on-site lounge serves as a perfect spot for relaxation after a day of exploring.

Adventure seekers will find plenty to do, with activities like diving, cycling, and fishing readily available in the surrounding area. The property is also family-friendly, featuring a children's playground and a picnic area for enjoyable days out in the sun. Moreover, guests can unwind along the picturesque beachfront, just a stone's throw away.

Situated 146 km from Ioannina Airport, The Grandfather's Room provides not just a stay, but a memorable experience, combining the allure of nature with the comforts of home.