---\ntitle: "The Bay Apartments"\ndescription: "The Bay Apartments in Sarandë emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience, mere steps away from the pristine Maestral Beach and the inviting Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366530356.jpg?k=c3b71dc0835fddc4a962fd1cd59bf87273fdd2acf463cfefec59c7d8bba08c9c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-bay-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 1000, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86337543\n  lng: 20.01881184\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366530356.jpg?k=c3b71dc0835fddc4a962fd1cd59bf87273fdd2acf463cfefec59c7d8bba08c9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529915.jpg?k=0a747ad941d6264b1f6ed452c93afb3861182bc5787decca0d6da7efe6abc65e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366530361.jpg?k=7faf77c2269ff3480e761277457b8ca2da5f493ac89485df6cf5e0cf74c2dfa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529927.jpg?k=3e1b82b961966d9248c02fb1062610838facd8843d727285abd89082a3d4e081&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529928.jpg?k=f02c7f56c623db413401e9ed64ea76d1f7fe46f4aeb15f3d8e2751421e450142&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529924.jpg?k=675dfee11b58e3692a9d4e8b2f473eac637290dbc963cd74b70bbf46dd78722f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529939.jpg?k=6d31f2f3599c6672f865df230f99578fbd35bbd517b77c694bc7c3ae3e3ea451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201838823.jpg?k=db0ae7a2fafb2b05d0dd2a93d953a172d6b7a003e73913cf24d3d5140aa6d732&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366529937.jpg?k=27913cfba038ee63f648ba15eca8126eecb0b9987f0dc8e7a5653090e86e1b46&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Argjiro 30 m"\n  - "Rixhi 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 400 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 500 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 550 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 650 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kyla"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything. We're traveling for 2 months so we have been in a lot of places and we were sad to leave this one. It was very clean, spacious, and has an amazing view. Easy access to the resorts facilities and to the street. We hope to be back!”"\n  - name: "Ibrahim"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Rita.. Just one word: Amazing ! Thank you for our unforgettable experience in Sarande. The apartment has not one of the best views, IT HAS THE BEST VIEW in Sarande... Pet friendly, super clean, super view apartment. This place & Rita deserves 11...”"\n  - name: "Andre"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Good apartment inside the Boungaville resort, the host Rita always give a great support. Great advantage parking lot underground mainly in the hot days make a big difference in Sarande.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-bay-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at The Bay Apartments is thoughtfully designed with a private entrance, ensuring a blend of privacy and accessibility. The interiors boast a sleek design, equipped with essential amenities such as a TV, a private bathroom complete with a bidet and hair dryer, and the convenience of a kettle. For those desiring to whip up their own meals, select rooms feature a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, setting the stage for a home-away-from-home experience. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every unit.

The rooftop pool is a highlight, offering guests an exclusive retreat with a pool bar encased by a tasteful fence, perfect for unwinding with a drink in hand while soaking in the panoramic sea views.

Dining at The Bay Apartments is an experience in itself, with an on-site restaurant that caters to a variety of tastes. Open for dinner, lunch, brunch, and cocktails, this family-friendly dining spot promises delightful culinary experiences in a welcoming atmosphere.

For those looking to explore Sarandë and its surroundings, The Bay Apartments facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy for guests to venture out and discover the local area. The property's proximity to VIP Beach and the historic Butrint National Park, along with the convenience of being just 96 km from Ioannina Airport, positions it as an ideal base for both leisure and adventure.

In summary, The Bay Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice in Sarandë, offering guests a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, all wrapped up in an inviting beachfront location.