---\ntitle: "The Wilson Tirana"\ndescription: "The Wilson Tirana emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455314155.jpg?k=3ef293b02da7e301584507d78b4e931af4fdd14455820c0c183cd48e5f852b15&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-wilson-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Abdyl Frashëri, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3191008\n  lng: 19.81555923\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 154\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455314155.jpg?k=3ef293b02da7e301584507d78b4e931af4fdd14455820c0c183cd48e5f852b15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455317808.jpg?k=05e164c1ae7086c1fa2a75150fe7dfa2e5d3ac39c7072f5a5bd9af518469c68f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455317643.jpg?k=f167fd725e5f34bf01fe6fac0b4630c802bffddaad011f820a84700f2be228d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455316390.jpg?k=0bc04394616a32303c8d3b4d56dbd4115d8debc579cde10b8c9492f37078afa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455317691.jpg?k=1c29ae29146742cbc7dd38874384857c4dd6194b07ce979d5c24a2e7fa1ecfff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455349476.jpg?k=20cb3b70f4f7a3a924b07bdb5e29d4b8d1639fc5d6e89eceace6bff9b99e043c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Del Maestro 40 m"\n  - "Top Sport Bar & Lloto 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is amazing! Everything about it is really well thought out and designed. The location is perfect, close to all the major tourist attractions and easy to get to.
Best of all was Nic who gave us plenty of helpful tips and...”"\n  - name: "Omotola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“It was amazingly clean, the toilet flushes with ease and slides😻, loved that about the bathroom. The bed was so comfy to sleep in with the Tv right in front of it, the room was spacious enough for two.”"\n  - name: "Kiera"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was stunning, very modern! Our host Nik couldn’t do enough for us, honestly he was just amazing! He was so helpful, sending over recommendations for places to visit, bars, restaurants, activities etc. He also checked in to see how we...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-wilson-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at The Wilson Tirana are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a coffee machine, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The inclusion of a shower, hairdryer, and desk in every room, along with a private bathroom complete with a bath, adds to the convenience. Select units also boast a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind. Storage needs are easily met with the provision of a wardrobe in all units.

For those interested in exploring the local area, The Wilson Tirana serves as an ideal base. The hotel is conveniently located near historical and cultural sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and the Pyramid of Tirana, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the city's rich history. Additionally, the hotel's ease of access to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 16 km away, makes it a practical choice for both international visitors and those traveling within Albania.

With its blend of strategic location, well-appointed rooms, and proximity to key attractions, The Wilson Tirana is a compelling option for travelers looking to experience the best of Tirana.