---\ntitle: "The Comfort house"\ndescription: "The Comfort House, strategically located in Durrës, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449286.jpg?k=b3e6827aee8b97e04979077188c3f5426f7e62b59401f8740dfbbb61960688dc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-comfort-house\naddress: "Rruga Qafe Bote, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30508985\n  lng: 19.49677361\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449286.jpg?k=b3e6827aee8b97e04979077188c3f5426f7e62b59401f8740dfbbb61960688dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449355.jpg?k=1ee746db791ee285e3b4d314fb99eba0f2883e4d7cd70dc346f8a9460aed606a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449366.jpg?k=7761d5f526d06955eed2da7dcf33e46aa0976d772be6ee40cab2b2b7d2798501&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449319.jpg?k=1a435cf7fff875306239ffd33962680d38dd28c7e536d7130a817135094be990&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449350.jpg?k=01afced8c69497672e489a969d814f5bb7678b27369b3185fdc335997bab7a63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449326.jpg?k=3fac00fe7805abf396c86cdcfc7f3f6f180da612a3b6f59e706a1083849fc83d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449314.jpg?k=e82e5b1c6054ce6dcf742d9a211e07eeebfa3b5ee31b6de64547245f7513739c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449334.jpg?k=2cb6ea009506139e9e9c0656c3eb7e4fe4eed1f9fe35dd119cbcd8b3fe9d1dce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456449317.jpg?k=027a515a83380ea6cc9127ea0feb79878c466401578bfc7d2e5575a0925440e4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Gjura 40 m"\n  - "Koli 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.3 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.3 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tom"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Very good location. Apartment in a tired neighborhood. Hotel Miki 4 stars on the first floor. Apartment clean and nice. Washing machine on the balcony, works ok. Fridge/freezer ok. Bathroom ok.”"\n  - name: "Henri"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“From the Super Cleanliness kept in excellent condition, to the fantastic property well equipped with everything you need for your stay, especially having a child, to the exceptional availability of the managers of the structure... All this makes...”"\n  - name: "Helen"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Friendly owner of the apartment, comfortable bed, a big plus of this apartment is the presence of a balcony, excellent location near the supermarket. Also near the house they sell vegetables/fruits, bread, meat, 10 minutes and there is a seafood...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-comfort-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast a prime location; it's also a haven of comfort. Guests are welcomed into a space that features air conditioning, a necessity for the warm, sunny days Durrës is known for. The living quarters are well-appointed, consisting of a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to cook, and a bathroom that caters to all your needs. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have a relaxing stay.

Connectivity is never an issue as free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Durrës. For those keen on exploring, the Rock of Kavaje and the Durres Amphitheatre are within easy reach, located 4.9 km and 7.1 km away respectively. History enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, a mere 39 km drive.

For visitors interested in exploring the broader area, The Comfort House serves as an excellent base. The House of Leaves and Rinia Park are both 38 km away, offering unique insights into the local culture and history. Additionally, the convenience of being 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

In summary, The Comfort House in Durrës is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring the rich history and beautiful landscapes of the area, all while offering the comforts of home.