---\ntitle: "The Flip-Flop Apartment"\ndescription: "The Flip-Flop Apartment emerges as a refreshing retreat in Shëngjin, offering guests the perfect blend of comfort and convenience with its air-conditioned spaces and private balcony."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473320975.jpg?k=0f181e6ad3b61ca5e0a5e6eaa8b940c4fc30e0010cffb69528a9ac03777242c1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-flip-flop-apartment\naddress: "Shëngjin, Qarku i Lezhës, Albania Rruga e Vilave, Stock 3, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80892059\n  lng: 19.6022108\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473320975.jpg?k=0f181e6ad3b61ca5e0a5e6eaa8b940c4fc30e0010cffb69528a9ac03777242c1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321057.jpg?k=2827ef28d9c24bcf70b22cb50aa0de2ec8416bba2d2fcb68e9e4ade31edabcd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321088.jpg?k=95e9bef14ac56770c2ec49ef14097929c3e41ad3c58ee69836f244e079a6b4ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321074.jpg?k=c274d9dd159dcfc2f7ec4e86d420b1a0cb2f6ea12f19a866dbf50a7234a2e6d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321063.jpg?k=6c575169226b02cf6331e37adcb30e80b899d9ab6a61c6c95e38317ea7b9c745&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321083.jpg?k=da8e8799cf6163874aa4ddc6049fafdf679219078e2a1cbcbd51065f57f2d034&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321098.jpg?k=98982b169ee5e086b2dcf230024d342bbbd0e4828d4a320c1d1d597fa8217417&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321094.jpg?k=64b103fe8b177f66851558a4b9f1a10c33d39e831c2ad8cb2b83354020d0640b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473321043.jpg?k=8603d5f6bbdb40f8dc5f5abdda35de853bba8a89c6fa0bf13bf96d1a505519a4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Bella Vita 250 m"\n  - "Coral 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 1 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.2 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 66 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Albina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was great, located near the bus station. The conditions were good.”"\n  - name: "Božidar"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The apartment was very nice, spacious and comfortable. The host very forthcoming. The location is close to everything, yet far enough that you get relative peace. You can park a bit down the street if there is free space and there are a few payed...”"\n  - name: "Angelina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is in an excellent location close to restaurants, markets, and beach. The apartment is also very clean, well stocked, and our host went above and beyond in helping our family by suggesting certain areas, dining options, and points of...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-flip-flop-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at The Flip-Flop Apartment are treated to modern amenities designed to make their stay as comfortable as possible. The apartment boasts a sleek, fully equipped kitchen with an oven and microwave, ensuring that home-cooked meals are a delightful option. The inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience, while the provision of towels and bed linen underscores the property's attention to detail. Entertainment needs are well catered for with free WiFi and a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests stay connected and entertained throughout their stay.

Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the apartment's outdoor dining area, which invites guests to enjoy meals al fresco against the picturesque setting. Despite its tranquil location, The Flip-Flop Apartment remains within easy access of notable attractions, including the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, 41 km away, and the natural beauty of Lake Skadar, 43 km distant. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 48 km from the property, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

The Flip-Flop Apartment is a non-smoking haven, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests. This property not only promises a stay filled with relaxation and scenic beauty but also offers a strategic base for exploring the enchanting sights of Shëngjin and beyond.