---\ntitle: "The Wish House"\ndescription: "The Wish House stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Golem, offering breathtaking sea views mere steps from the pristine sands of Golem Beach and a short stroll from the scenic Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421927475.jpg?k=606e81ebcebd7239c3f8bc477b7a35cae3c46d348f22c81cfb3987503ca10370&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-wish-house\naddress: "Kompleksi Rruga dytesore Golem Grand Blue FAFA, 2001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26448438\n  lng: 19.51981752\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 271\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421927475.jpg?k=606e81ebcebd7239c3f8bc477b7a35cae3c46d348f22c81cfb3987503ca10370&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470931270.jpg?k=7045274223c0a2b10aa9135b23ab8bb7c063ab83e0a932d43cf997a1bb570c18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423867469.jpg?k=76b27c70b9e10447e6fb1bdb2eb9763dccb16ec04f99944b4027cd0ef32972c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488770940.jpg?k=e8989c8b018aeff85944816987f35c2dd20609a0523de0c7fa80c97beea8cff5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488770744.jpg?k=fbc18fe29ba65ad56dac9dffd22b5579cff0107ceae37225ef77206a20070954&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471242456.jpg?k=91d505e914b0a52a15b2f26ccf6b0b493f71b5654293a3f7f0e2e50d701a4a72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470934663.jpg?k=0260b380e10e4971d0ed1b5bf19b1897436929934928d2619fd034b669a1b318&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470928003.jpg?k=6a869a95734373d3ded26ef2357d7943395921e8141966979ca79607d6c641c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470928729.jpg?k=092fc3134d2b638d59557f736c73b6f618bebe0132a624b1a8fefa908e490a97&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Studio with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Studio with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Studio with Pool View"\n  - "Studio with Pool View"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sevian Pizza & Snack 50 m"\n  - "Oaz Durres 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 50 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 3.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 8 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elda"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Really nice for a family stay, very comfortable and the view was superb”"\n  - name: "Dea"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Property was very good!
Also the staff was very good hospitality!”"\n  - name: "Tatiana"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Very clean, perfect location. Everything you need was in the apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-wish-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at The Wish House are thoughtfully appointed with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Each unit features air conditioning, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for endless entertainment, and essentials like a fridge, kettle, and a private bathroom stocked with complimentary toiletries. For guests who prefer to prepare their own meals, select rooms offer a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of soft bed linen and fluffy towels in every room.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, The Wish House caters to the convenience of its guests with an on-site minimarket. Those looking to unwind will find a variety of wellness packages available, designed to rejuvenate the body and spirit. Families visiting The Wish House will appreciate the outdoor play equipment, ensuring that the little ones are entertained.

Situated within easy reach of popular local attractions, The Wish House is just 2.4 km from the serene Mali I Robit Beach and 2.8 km from the bustling Durres Beach. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 38 km away, making The Wish House an ideal choice for both domestic and international visitors seeking a memorable stay in Golem.