---\ntitle: "The Best Guesthouse In Tirana"\ndescription: "The Best Guesthouse In Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519311900.jpg?k=5cacb0adbc3e42afd9b2eda3d0531aa0234def743fcb537dc461daeb9d3c7123&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-best-guesthouse-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Themistokli Gërmenji, shkalla e pare, apartamenti 6, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32098888\n  lng: 19.82570677\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519311900.jpg?k=5cacb0adbc3e42afd9b2eda3d0531aa0234def743fcb537dc461daeb9d3c7123&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519311901.jpg?k=ce013e5273e088e4a30df329879baa7d049afeecb51778efc52b7bbc1a5e49f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499270667.jpg?k=e8f852d37c987ccb9eb43d31f0e311662221b1585ed7754dc162c43c84c6232f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519314550.jpg?k=56068cfa2df26707b6bb6dfe3f4f01cd702c4da9e35a1f2238913a16b960d202&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519311898.jpg?k=31fa286abfdbd90c643ca23d389420963b1265d22a274f3cab0d71eba56eb6fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499270647.jpg?k=8a71ff50c89ba456e7724adb757321b1737a3b864a230ec488f875f598bbd124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519314549.jpg?k=523617bb272a738899ff245dfb17a43a1cdf907139b45742e3bc7c4921f4f203&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519311899.jpg?k=d094a0a6506fc754dc55c84cf129676f1f6530effafe698e735e0614000997d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519314548.jpg?k=0ca3442c34d39493be441a8649a91061a20dd122422ca5396f7b3a857710765a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "The Guilty 10 m"\n  - "Big Bite 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 200 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 700 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artemie"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Recomandăm cu mare încredere, un loc mai bun în Tirana pentru o vacanță de familie nici ca aș putut imagina.”"\n  - name: "Orhansüner"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Konumu merkeze yakın, temiz ve rahat konaklama, ihtiyaç olan her şey var. Mutfak araç gereçleri her şey çok güzel. Banyoda temiz havlu ve banyo genel temizliği harika. Isınma konusunda hem yatak odası hem salonda klima var süper.”"\n  - name: "Yannick"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very good location in the City center. Parking for 250 AL per day very close... but no need of car!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-best-guesthouse-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nProximity to significant landmarks such as Saint Paul Cathedral, the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the historic Tanners' Bridge enhances its appeal, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts. Moreover, the heart of the city, Skanderbeg Square, is just 1.3 km away, offering guests easy access to the bustling city life.

The guesthouse itself boasts a spacious apartment complete with a balcony, offering a serene retreat after a day of exploration. The living quarters are thoughtfully designed with a comfortable bedroom, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of modern amenities such as air conditioning and complimentary WiFi throughout the property adds to the comfort of the stay.

For those keen on delving into Tirana's contemporary landmarks, the apartment's location near the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud presents an opportunity to witness the city's modern architectural marvels. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 17 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

The Best Guesthouse In Tirana stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, catering to the health and well-being of its guests. This guesthouse is a top recommendation for travelers looking to immerse themselves in the cultural and historical richness of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of modern accommodations.