---\ntitle: "The Met Apartments"\ndescription: "The Met Apartments in Durrës emerges as a modern retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513817935.jpg?k=236b058668a57b712010c3500051d9ddca25793ed80925aea04395d49d647ad0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-met-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Enver Zazani, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31577546\n  lng: 19.44958315\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513817935.jpg?k=236b058668a57b712010c3500051d9ddca25793ed80925aea04395d49d647ad0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513818011.jpg?k=c5853d29a74880042ca882d4d92c7b828643b25d5820fb4fd5bd6bd51d97b4f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513818062.jpg?k=bf28d0cc546fa676467dbd1efd226973eacd495e3a3562c6dd4a5e33f8b5b54e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513818083.jpg?k=8aee9641e46b1454639f5dfe8aea5b5cf1d26bbee2dd6c9429586ed7d50cd85e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513818050.jpg?k=a65c5f68123fd25589eed454eaf01ea70943c8f44ca554abae81da43d729d309&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528246567.jpg?k=fc57c9bee99123be5b2210aef9dacdc4a5d1053f2313025dfaccbc54f04ef674&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Roma 50 m"\n  - "Cafe+ 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 800 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 50 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 550 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 600 m"\n  - "1. Maj 700 m"\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-met-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at The Met boasts a thoughtful array of amenities designed to make guests feel at home. From the air-conditioned spaces adorned with a balcony offering views of the tranquil inner courtyard to the cozy seating area and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, every detail caters to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, stovetop, and kettle, alongside a dining area, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish. The private bathrooms are fitted with a hair dryer, a walk-in shower, and complimentary toiletries, adding an extra layer of convenience. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit underscores the apartment complex's commitment to comfort.

Located a short drive from Durres Beach and Kallmi Beach, The Met Apartments offers an ideal base for exploring the local coastline. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 33 km away, making it a practical choice for international visitors. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the allure of a comfortable, self-contained stay, The Met Apartments presents a compelling option for discerning guests.