---\ntitle: "The cozy flat"\ndescription: "The Cozy Flat emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252204.jpg?k=d1505f5024d6ed753937a336c89c8071bfac5f9f432ab84174862839ea0aaafd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-cozy-flat\naddress: "RRUGA BARIKADAVE, PALL. 4, SHK. 1, AP. 10, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32988751\n  lng: 19.82193236\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252204.jpg?k=d1505f5024d6ed753937a336c89c8071bfac5f9f432ab84174862839ea0aaafd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252175.jpg?k=4a00bbe56962e81763bc16016ef65efec43aa4d81413711f0ccb093d929af520&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485257252.jpg?k=8a63b8f5ada8feb99f88531e8015f3ae1982856370edba8f9d0765fa2b37a695&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252208.jpg?k=e43514e8e5464f15ed11f8f2cb3376fcdb261c81be63ea20d5542fe6430c97e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252203.jpg?k=fdb0cc913c1eb112318a24670855c07a231ac25cd63de8ec3f4dc0318bc37471&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252205.jpg?k=1d9a1915cef3554a6ced5eb5022c503bb40b06912d04a621b2c308f90b45c643&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252207.jpg?k=d743da504d344c8738baf90d3f12266032967858b1dd30f064683ceaeaf9ae07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485252206.jpg?k=d407fcb472bad9f8e262cdc855eb44d7eace4a8065b9b68a5d6d3ae9de3d1734&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485257291.jpg?k=12bf0a4a7cd44a65af98b1e7f790e5e55999af1e17510b14135f65f4b4ee68e9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Opa - Greek Street Food (9 Katëshet) 50 m"\n  - "Happy Times 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Troy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Stylish, well equipped and very comfortable, this lovely flat is an excellent option, highly recommended. Great city location.”"\n  - name: "Gianluca"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Accogliente, caldo, dettagliato, tutto estremamente pulito. Belle e comode tutte le stanze: dalla cucina al bagno, dalla camera da letto al soggiorno. In più un comodo balconcino. Vicino al centro e con un minimarket di fronte alla entrata....”"\n  - name: "Nejia"\n    country: "Cambodia"\n    text: "“L'appartement est totalement équipé, nous n'avons manqué de rien. La décoration est très jolie. L'emplacement en plein centre ville, vous donne accès à tous. Adela est disponible et réactive pour toutes questions. Elle et son fiancé ont attendu...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-cozy-flat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nWithin its walls, The Cozy Flat offers a well-appointed living space featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels and complimentary WiFi. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, invites guests to prepare their meals with ease, while the inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience of longer stays. The bathroom, equipped with a shower, underscores the apartment's commitment to comfort.

For those in need of additional amenities, towels and linens are available upon request. Emphasizing a clean and healthy living environment, the accommodation is strictly non-smoking.

The Cozy Flat is not just about the comforts of home; its location serves as a gateway to Tirana's rich cultural scene. A stone's throw away, guests can discover historical sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, engage in retail therapy at the Toptani Shopping Centre, or enjoy an evening of culture at the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, The Cozy Flat stands out as an ideal lodging option for those looking to immerse themselves in the sights and sounds of Tirana, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully furnished apartment.