---\ntitle: "The Station Apartments - Durrës"\ndescription: "The Station Apartments in Durrës emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience, located just a short distance from the serene Durres Beach and the picturesque Currila Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477004231.jpg?k=07f9b58807c9dbaae710f59055d13451bee9ecb6f1f511a9d51832d5552b1284&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: the-station-apartments-durr-s\naddress: "Rruga Ahmet Dakli, 1000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31832064\n  lng: 19.46054866\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477004231.jpg?k=07f9b58807c9dbaae710f59055d13451bee9ecb6f1f511a9d51832d5552b1284&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477003181.jpg?k=21e4596e210e53812ef7819807565dd8903874c0ccf5f1f0f0a04f584bb34a34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477003535.jpg?k=b6d55954304299d0789b660c595167abbf7349d6f5e42b95b62c574d1d4f4aa3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477003026.jpg?k=5a72e6cc2111b71de7b28a528e80ba5b3b609a9bab17da6a121ab9f61747ecb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477003200.jpg?k=6c8efeeb33a5687d2102429fd32b9b23fcf3bd61f204801292e7155bbbcee175&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477003213.jpg?k=b90abdf7d2120a6ba8eb82143a83979e95b347902a232f948b993e48a0de2268&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Real Madrid 50 m"\n  - "Eiffel 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 700 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "West End Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1,000 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.1 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.7 km"\n  - "Bekimi 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sardone"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento situato in una posizione molto comoda, vicino il porto, vicino il lungomare di Durazzo. Appartamento molto carino situato al 2 piano di uno stabile con ascensore, dotata di tutti i comfort richiesti, soprattutto letto SUPER comodo e...”"\n  - name: "Maximilian"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Sehr schöne Unterkunft mit Klimaanlage, kleiner Küche Waschmaschine und Trockner.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-station-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to modern accommodations equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful retreat from the bustling city life. Each room boasts a private bathroom, complemented by the inclusion of a washing machine and a flat-screen TV, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler. The availability of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained during their stay.

For those who prefer the cozy ambiance of a home-cooked meal, The Station Apartments does not disappoint. The provision of a fully equipped kitchen in each unit allows guests the freedom to prepare their own culinary delights, adding a touch of personalization to their dining experience.

Situated a mere 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartments offer a convenient gateway for international travelers, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of Durrës and its surroundings. Whether it's the allure of the nearby beaches or the call of historical exploration, The Station Apartments - Durrës stands ready to welcome guests to a memorable stay.