---\ntitle: "ThePlaceForYou Central Apt"\ndescription: "ThePlaceForYou Central Apt emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Shkodër, located just 49 km from the Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453937966.jpg?k=fbbd176720ab2619ea2a6fc7e2af557ce7171b2a8c4d3e01663662951dcb06c5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: theplaceforyou-central-apt\naddress: "Rruga Marin Bicikemi 1st floor, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.064747\n  lng: 19.51825448\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453937966.jpg?k=fbbd176720ab2619ea2a6fc7e2af557ce7171b2a8c4d3e01663662951dcb06c5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938040.jpg?k=de4e408604ee58010a0b23189cf8425f366fe701e869840e13599e616d03042e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938056.jpg?k=ca57e08c2f3daebb874ae427713106a26eaf3fc5ad8b930b87472182f05d9096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938039.jpg?k=f691ba5e370550147331a99c247280033b26cead263b416f4b3d9799304b64ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938023.jpg?k=1cb8242016a32654319274cd9f6953e156b45ee224c873ce2681dda88e75b61e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517265702.jpg?k=a387750772500ad807435f551dd635d5e35c93400476fcd13f4e8ea752ce00a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938033.jpg?k=2015310dffad837b810b7f1e07e294badd4a25b3a55018a116881a85489091c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453938042.jpg?k=09213eae714825702a8d880e00c9fd09018b93d331c64716b7328307082e2cff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468308700.jpg?k=69e39be243e39397879ed16dbee75172d7cc310f057417517ba8968cc0739e85&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (179 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Extrabet 30 m"\n  - "Kafe e Pjekur 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.9 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lura"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location, the cleanliness, everything is great about this apartment.”"\n  - name: "M88"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Everything was wonderful, Teo was very kind and so helpful. You find here everything you need. The area was a little loud, but safe - not even a single problem.”"\n  - name: "Kevin"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything! Good location, clean, comfortable and well equipped. Good communication with Two.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/the-place-for-you.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis spacious two-bedroom apartment is not just about the rooms; it's a full living experience. Guests are treated to a suite of amenities including a bathroom stocked with fresh towels, comfortable bed linen, and a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for entertainment at any time of the day. The dining area and fully equipped kitchen cater to all culinary needs, from a quick breakfast to a full dinner party. The terrace, offering picturesque city views, adds an extra layer of enjoyment to morning coffees or evening relaxation sessions.

Understanding the needs of the modern traveler, ThePlaceForYou Central Apt ensures privacy and tranquility with soundproofing and a private entrance for each apartment. For those looking to explore the local area, the apartment facilitates this with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site, making it easy to venture out into Shkodër or beyond.

Convenience is further enhanced by the inclusion of a minimarket within the apartment complex, allowing guests to easily procure essentials without the need to travel far.

Located a manageable distance from Podgorica Airport, 58 km away, the apartment also offers airport transfer services, ensuring that the beginning and end of your stay are as stress-free as the rest.

ThePlaceForYou Central Apt stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those visiting Shkodër, whether the trip is for leisure or business. Its thoughtful amenities, coupled with its strategic location, make it a compelling choice for any traveler looking to experience the city's charm without compromising on comfort or convenience.