---\ntitle: "Thethi Villas"\ndescription: "Thethi Villas emerges as a serene retreat, boasting garden views and the convenience of a balcony in each accommodation, merely 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522734553.jpg?k=9952d2a1f21afa3e82577f9fe6a21b2ec4381c62c721e7ab4c0ab2bef73e4616&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: thethi-villas\naddress: "Rruga Fushe Fushe Thethi, 4002 Theth, Albania"\ncity: "Theth"\nlocation: "Theth"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.39276875\n  lng: 19.7783847\nprice: "US$129"\npriceFrom: 129\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522734553.jpg?k=9952d2a1f21afa3e82577f9fe6a21b2ec4381c62c721e7ab4c0ab2bef73e4616&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495316673.jpg?k=4646db101bc97d2c585fa87b36e36846c31846fe52830f35d662919561acfa0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495317828.jpg?k=b219c8e01574811e9211ab2aa4ea2ecc3eca2e953093fb9fab254bea2ee8b8bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495314834.jpg?k=6ecf05c4aecf6f78808b9c8cb5b25235ae34fde80d4fb37a7209ba7a790bf9e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495316601.jpg?k=3f495b47babcba33b21e15cfbe45cfa55679dc37265394a175f436686f2d10f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495318316.jpg?k=0cb989e61f9413c7e7199846f2bc1ff609181d4b7485ecb2b0637f1f7b952244&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (53 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Villa"\n  - "Superior Villa"\n  - "Deluxe Villa"\n  - "Standard Villa"\n  - "Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "'Gurra Family' Guesthouse 350 m"\n  - "Shpella Thethi Garden 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 13 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 86 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hopkins"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I highly recommend staying here next time in Theth. Hand built property from the owners with lots of knowledge and connection to the valley. My travel plans had to be rearranged and they kindly hosted me. Incredibly kind & great communication. The...”"\n  - name: "Seonaid"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The Villa was very clean, comfortable and modern, the staff were very helpful in planning our time in Theth and transfer to the next destination. Extremely picturesque setting, very peaceful and everything you need for a stay in the mountains. Can...”"\n  - name: "Julian"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I can recommend this place. Thet is really magical palce. Amazing view, delicious breakfasts, mountains!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/thethi-villas.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach villa at Thethi Villas is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring amenities such as desks in all units for those who need to stay connected. The option to have wine or champagne and chocolates or cookies delivered directly to the room adds a touch of luxury and personalization to the experience. Comfort is paramount, with private bathrooms, slippers, and bed linen provided in every unit, ensuring a cozy and inviting atmosphere.

The presence of a coffee shop and bar on-site offers guests the convenience of refreshing beverages and a casual spot to relax without having to leave the comfort of the villa complex. For those looking to explore the surrounding area or needing transportation, Thethi Villas facilitates this with an available car rental service, adding an element of ease to travel plans.

Situated 89 km from Podgorica Airport, the property acknowledges the needs of its international guests by offering a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. Thethi Villas stands out as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of natural beauty, comfort, and attentive service in the heart of a breathtaking landscape.