---\ntitle: "Three doors apartments, Papaya 1-bedroom apartment"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Three Doors Apartments, specifically the Papaya 1-bedroom apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464012927.jpg?k=268b23a50d7e648745883452d9d322e14ccb97ab00e0ef8f5ce509756f2b6422&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: three-doors-apartments-papaya-1-bedroom-apartment\naddress: "21 Rruga e Kavajës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32608432\n  lng: 19.8036919\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464012927.jpg?k=268b23a50d7e648745883452d9d322e14ccb97ab00e0ef8f5ce509756f2b6422&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465002862.jpg?k=e1a7ead56eb4360e7069e89db62f02dd276525dcdc612e8a070fa2c6298ce65e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464013577.jpg?k=93a2bd7b884425baf47c51157df59ec37918bc32a7b1e0ca4195ee201179cdcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464013045.jpg?k=f84ab05a03d906692a7aa44af89364a6786879f40f22aa65fc792b2be5ff5536&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465003136.jpg?k=931b1031c7f742bda46e5a168604c78803b0e39a4bfdee3df35567ce286cde8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464012402.jpg?k=08f1f21edc11c4031000fddfef264669013f95ff1ef25c2a863eb162c462a7ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465002484.jpg?k=a787f296688ce0f494174e06c3bfc2d80e114c669c5752fa682f2ef1497ec51b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464012005.jpg?k=012d8704f800b3b2708478188a232a82470b7a90de0828c19e51d0dce369bdeb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464013359.jpg?k=f9379f2b867e2cd57b838051364d097dae5c6cbebdf65c763195b3ed9a04168c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking on site"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Diamond Coffee Store 9 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Skutari 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ross"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely, modern room. Comfy bed and good AC. Fantastic communication from owner.”"\n  - name: "Andrea"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Everything was very clean and in good condition. Very easy to locate and with good shops in the surroundings”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/three-doors-apartments-papaya-1-bedroom-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe Papaya apartment doesn't just offer a place to rest; it ensures a secure and personalized experience with full-day security and private check-in and check-out services. Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi access throughout their stay.

Designed with comfort in mind, the apartment features a cozy bedroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and air conditioning to ensure a pleasant environment regardless of the weather. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home, making it an ideal retreat after a day of exploration.

For those moments when you need something quick and convenient, a minimarket on the premises caters to your basic needs without having to step out.

The location of the Papaya apartment is unbeatable for those eager to dive into the local culture and history. Attractions such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana are within close proximity, inviting guests to discover the city's rich past and lively present. Moreover, the Et'hem Bey Mosque, a significant cultural landmark, is just a stone's throw away.

For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km journey, making the Three Doors Apartments' Papaya 1-bedroom apartment a convenient and desirable choice for your next visit to Tirana.