---\ntitle: "Thyamis Apartment"\ndescription: "Thyamis Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480728275.jpg?k=a7ef0005470139726150f5b2ca16e63bc0b1450de45fcceadf586ae1d27137b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: thyamis-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Bardhyl floor no.5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33845892\n  lng: 19.83048465\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 35\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480728275.jpg?k=a7ef0005470139726150f5b2ca16e63bc0b1450de45fcceadf586ae1d27137b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480728389.jpg?k=54badab85b04f04878f1924a8f91b6f8457defb920f94803f22cbc16b86f87ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499306623.jpg?k=ef162f3d21f15d6989187ca52e99a4f3575f46516f8087bb961eecab6ae741cf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499306708.jpg?k=eeac1c51e8ad242f04f04e49f17ac1741d9677ec0363e11796b96eee5e9fd563&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499307434.jpg?k=6a7f39f03f6c9cf6f659739ae8672e78d849c489511d7633930e4b6be7cf9bbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499307044.jpg?k=5e2fbc3b147090f7c64a1ba14f4111729c1febaad4531ffdf2e90df0238627c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499306771.jpg?k=931d0862c0601e42f66f58d73cfbc7d185e3692753e1bda7220236a29a91b8b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509041863.jpg?k=8974c134c6b77ebdfbd3a23ea03734f03ffe096cba7be8cd2ca3b9170e39cbe2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509041788.jpg?k=36e18e920e3f3758e4bddf0a912eadd91b1b1003c9fa0f7f3f4abc10ffa5ccae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (93 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "City Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 900 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wei"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The penthouse was clean, spacious and had everything we needed. The space was just as advertised in the pictures.”"\n  - name: "Bee"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very clean, nice and spacious apartment with a very big balcony area with the city view. The host is friendly and helpful. The private parking is also a nice plus because it's not easy to find a public parking along the street. It's also walkable...”"\n  - name: "Maciej"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Lediana is such a nice person, very helpful, not only about the apartment - even if I wanted to get informations about the city or how to get to any place, she was always answering my questions.
The apartment is great, really spacious and well...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/thyamis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex doesn't just promise a place to stay; it delivers a home away from home. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed with a balcony that presents captivating city views, ensuring guests start and end their day with a picturesque backdrop. The interiors are meticulously arranged to provide a seamless living experience, featuring air-conditioned rooms that cater to the comfort of guests throughout their stay. The convenience of free private parking and complimentary WiFi access further enhances the appeal of Thyamis Apartment, making it an attractive option for both short and long-term visitors.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of a fully equipped kitchen in each unit, complete with an oven, dining area, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The inclusion of a bidet and hair dryer in the private bathrooms adds a touch of luxury, while the availability of a toaster, fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle underscores the apartment's commitment to guest convenience. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the complex's dedication to ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

Located near key attractions such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre, Thyamis Apartment offers guests an opportunity to explore the cultural and commercial highlights of the area with ease. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, further positions this apartment as an ideal choice for travelers seeking both accessibility and a tranquil retreat in the city.

In summary, Thyamis Apartment is not just a place to rest; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life of the city, coupled with the comfort and convenience that discerning travelers seek.