---\ntitle: "Tirana Resort Radhime"\ndescription: "Tirana Resort Radhime emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Radhimë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365469789.jpg?k=dd1c5c60026140c0475aa5ea4976584f3a3ce3580f42540f20c5e5be0271ab83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-resort-radhime\naddress: "Tirana Resort SH8, Rruga kryesore, 9401 Radhimë, Albania"\ncity: "Radhimë"\nlocation: "Radhimë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.34402355\n  lng: 19.48329002\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 81\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 7.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365469789.jpg?k=dd1c5c60026140c0475aa5ea4976584f3a3ce3580f42540f20c5e5be0271ab83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528531517.jpg?k=e371301f121c98c3eab2faa1aefdd1c898251bec3bb994e799180cb669291084&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365479371.jpg?k=6a7eda16f388fb2f86cedcbc1bafe58e4e47dc2381a2007297f5758d6c0f37a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365486883.jpg?k=e27c37caf53821df917b31c0d0ef9a1bc285a55862146c879e531fc59f0956c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365472227.jpg?k=7ec5b7a299431fddc98cb0d6461159c02f923b0e21083d289e57e3abd3c8eb22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528531518.jpg?k=9f8a5fc9cde2ff4ae2e1e1d804dc453d36a7c7b9d18f3f05137e68c5a9a60956&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528531522.jpg?k=6a2fa7e02bee49d1aee4760a39df119a6d7b86afbb7c176ddd4faa2781ee16ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528531527.jpg?k=65284da0e3354bfacac3fa8710a868861e77d61612b2510df9047cff9591053f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528531530.jpg?k=c72db81bd69de7c3484316fc9d449d20e8c253b6f9f1bb8d3d22bf5c9f1d011b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Al Mare 30 m"\n  - "Babale 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Baro Beach 150 m"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 200 m"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 950 m"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Orikum Beach 2.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 14 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\n  - "Independence Square 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 89 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Inna"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything will be great, very friendly staff, clean and tidy rooms, we will definitely come back here again.”"\n  - name: "Burcu"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The hotel's locarion is perfect for the sea. Breakfast was good. I like staff's friendliness. Rooms are clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Adion"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Basically everything.
The room was perfectly designed , atmosphere was quiet and staff was more than pleasant, what made our stay really enjoyable .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-resort-radhime.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe resort distinguishes itself with a seasonal outdoor swimming pool, complimentary private parking, a lush garden, and an on-site restaurant that promises a culinary journey. Guests looking to unwind can enjoy a refreshing drink at the hotel's bar, making it an ideal spot for evening relaxation.

Accommodations at Tirana Resort Radhime are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and a private bathroom that includes a bidet and complimentary toiletries. Select rooms also boast a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to enjoy the serene surroundings. The inclusion of bed linen and towels in every room underscores the resort's attention to detail and commitment to guest satisfaction.

Morning starts on a high note at the resort with a variety of breakfast options available, including buffet, à la carte, or continental choices, catering to diverse tastes and preferences.

The resort's staff, proficient in both English and Italian, are available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk, ready to assist guests with any needs or inquiries, ensuring a seamless and hassle-free stay.

Situated 16 km from the historic Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, the resort offers an excellent opportunity for guests to explore the local culture and attractions. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 165 km away, making Tirana Resort Radhime a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Tirana Resort Radhime stands out as a top-tier accommodation option for those visiting Radhimë, offering a harmonious blend of location, amenities, and service.