---\ntitle: "Tirana Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513429.jpg?k=5cb4b43a5f441e14ed846210c18b16dfa5378c12bbbb8e53140d9be794634a7f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33219246\n  lng: 19.80766836\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513429.jpg?k=5cb4b43a5f441e14ed846210c18b16dfa5378c12bbbb8e53140d9be794634a7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513564.jpg?k=2b12013dd767695041640ca7b2cecc958aaf770d07d907375f3d46dbb4bc50e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513513.jpg?k=65600726d88f7d0b71784103ea1fe81ebbb1509894513d68541cf80d6658e1b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513508.jpg?k=2dda75f0dc2a4e5700dd11280d3ece82040ea1933efd18052018a6e240812fa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513554.jpg?k=f7d9bce29f66a4df2a260a5665f26b0537586034db3db9f88b18e1bfffb9ad5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513531.jpg?k=66787d70fdc3ab986c48c76e70bf22113b2163ba3114a9897c34543e6e7b9af7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513584.jpg?k=8d97b40662377db305657c72d2f885eec2ba94a63bef394a5ea294b3474c3fff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513575.jpg?k=96f35eb6d514c22e38be7c1144b858b4eefcf1343d2355c71914c46d0fcdcf76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520513525.jpg?k=98c5369ef60120d987bc1c78ac0b0a13fb5c4aa0d29bfd3d39bf400fb54924da&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Lika 100 m"\n  - "Zio Peppe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Renato"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Everything was clean good location and the stuff very kind and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Loretta"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This place was phenomenal! The equipment and room were new and kept really clean. The apartment had everything you could possibly need, 20 minute drive to Tirana international airport which was really convenient for my husband and I. The wifi was...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-apartment-tirana13.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Airport Access"\nbestCategories: "Airport Access"\ncategory: "Airport Access"\n---\n\nThis apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air conditioning, complimentary WiFi accessible throughout, and the option for private parking on the premises. The soundproof rooms ensure a peaceful retreat from the city's hustle and bustle. The accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a living area with a flat-screen TV offering satellite channels, and a fully equipped kitchenette complete with an oven and toaster. The inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience, making it ideal for both short and extended stays. The bathroom is equipped with a shower, and for those in need of it, towels and linens are available for a nominal fee. Emphasizing health and comfort, the apartment is allergy-free and maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is within proximity to cultural gems such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the National Museum of History Albania. Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 13 km away, facilitating easy arrivals and departures.

Tirana Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering a blend of home-like comfort and strategic location for an unforgettable stay in Tirana.