---\ntitle: "Tirana LUX Apartments"\ndescription: "Tirana LUX Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511186919.jpg?k=af50143a81d5b96da838a6cfc8d4f37dee1c09cf9b3bb6e5fad1ec5edbf80346&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-lux-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Kajo Karafili, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.328656\n  lng: 19.813898\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 156\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511186919.jpg?k=af50143a81d5b96da838a6cfc8d4f37dee1c09cf9b3bb6e5fad1ec5edbf80346&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467085625.jpg?k=23f44ac4f3a78ca9e4ce20cfb8d51d47a4b4c66dcda0de371702fe97e2b75402&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467087384.jpg?k=e052e18c0928a52b05a08cd33cc3d5c821629187aea8c0d3173925a84a85a9eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/294940732.jpg?k=0aac122faf676c9a80455d1da4df7c1a3eadee03ee4f98f0a03829c59e702904&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/513983232.jpg?k=4df88dcd57f155e7e34e39b34823ab11bfcb9ba03bbc166d2cf92f1c0a40af35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512308407.jpg?k=25c1a679718751b41e44c05666b0fec0f7331fa2579b43322486b4582ae24201&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (56 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sandymun"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great location. Nice modern apartment with small balcony.”"\n  - name: "Aridona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We booked for our friends and they enjoyed their stay there. The apartment was located in the best area of Tirana, next to the city center. Interior was so modern and beds were comfortable. Definitely would suggest to all of my friends.”"\n  - name: "László"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Good location, clean, the host offerd us very good restaurant and ice-cream shop.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-lux-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments stand out for their thoughtful amenities designed to cater to families and groups alike. Each unit is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with an array of satellite channels for entertainment. The inclusion of a fully furnished kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The private bathrooms, adorned with slippers and equipped with a shower and hair dryer, add a touch of luxury to the daily routine. Moreover, the provision of fresh bed linen and towels ensures a comfortable and carefree stay.

Adding to the charm of Tirana LUX Apartments is its terrace, offering guests a serene spot to unwind and soak in the city's ambiance. For those keen to explore, the property is conveniently located near historical and cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 15 km away, with the apartments facilitating travel arrangements through their paid airport shuttle service. Whether it's the strategic location, the array of in-room amenities, or the attentive services, Tirana LUX Apartments promises a memorable stay in the vibrant city of Tirana.