---\ntitle: "Tirana Terrace Apartments, near the Lake Park"\ndescription: "Tirana Terrace Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334589.jpg?k=6f6f82228c1b695af8f588b36c616193c9fe8154f08afb31cf199728e5627487&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-terrace-apartments-near-the-lake-park\naddress: "Rr. Liman Kaba (Skender Luarasi) P. 45/5, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31583293\n  lng: 19.80950335\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334589.jpg?k=6f6f82228c1b695af8f588b36c616193c9fe8154f08afb31cf199728e5627487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334552.jpg?k=f8a3afa6c1bbaf49bab25ba7c50570e2a31ea64b1782e81edceb00cb7d69d925&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334545.jpg?k=1589c7029495274b663b0f3ff88dfe298b925cfa1f3b3e2a3fefc97d526115f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334565.jpg?k=31f2bb93561ba2da996ed7d9fe1a1ed927b579ecf42ca455d14b655be8933d88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/172334500.jpg?k=a3f154778793e820bc141566f332dc6a267010791776adb64356598fea66743a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218894098.jpg?k=de5f3f1d510c114e9a2f1cc2a0698a3428fb8399aedb2bdaba1c065e779f1ebe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154699562.jpg?k=059b0120c3c0b5f1f94949a34758f7c3e08a31f56da6f13ea2cd7c526cbe95aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/154689262.jpg?k=f5ea9c2e74bd648948f847a04b3537fdb706b74de173c5d21faa6b6860c32a7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/218893242.jpg?k=37112ed72fd8dea6f9c52650e62a371720c15f02d511cafaccd92384b30d60d3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mist Lounge Tirana 40 m"\n  - "Twins 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 850 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Just as perfect as at the first time. The view is outstanding, the apartment itself is just like new. The owner is very nice, we had a blast.”"\n  - name: "Trine"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“The view from the terrace is fantastic. The apartment was a short distance from good shopping opportunities and places to eat. Easy to walk into town from there. The host was friendly and helpful. The apartments were lovely with everything that...”"\n  - name: "Patrick"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“It was simply perfect! The owner is very nice, helpful with information and communication was smooth. The apartment is very well maintained, clean, spacious and equipped with everything you would need. We will definitely book again, as the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-terrace-apartments-with-a-lake-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it ensures a seamless experience with amenities designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. Guests enjoy the luxury of air-conditioned accommodations, complemented by the convenience of free WiFi accessible throughout the premises. Safety and ease are paramount, with full-day security and an elevator for effortless access to all levels.

The accommodations at Tirana Terrace Apartments are thoughtfully designed to maximize comfort and aesthetic appeal. Each apartment boasts a terrace that opens up to tranquil lake views, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation. The living spaces are equipped with satellite flat-screen TVs, comfortable seating areas, and balconies that feature outdoor dining settings with captivating city views. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens and fridges, allow guests the freedom to prepare their meals. Private bathrooms, complete with showers and hair dryers, along with the provision of bed linen and towels, add to the convenience.

For those keen on exploring Tirana, the apartment complex offers bicycle rental services, making it easy to venture out and discover the city's charms. Car rental services are also available for those looking to explore further afield. Noteworthy nearby attractions include the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the artistic Reja - The Cloud, ensuring guests have plenty to explore.

Located 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana Terrace Apartments presents an ideal base for both leisure and business travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and access to Tirana's rich cultural landscape.