---\ntitle: "Tirana center"\ndescription: "Tirana Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460808717.jpg?k=15a27920063d4a69dd307f31b9c93e70106d949cd1ec594dfe6f84d14a34ba2a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga Bardhok Biba, Godina 71, Hyrja 1, Apartment 5, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33079118\n  lng: 19.81248223\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 88\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460808717.jpg?k=15a27920063d4a69dd307f31b9c93e70106d949cd1ec594dfe6f84d14a34ba2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809252.jpg?k=a2e56c9ca282501fb8ef4ab3b2a23fd6e91214ac06343c04dc0203414616566c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809264.jpg?k=541a7f0d8e88402184054dabdf13680821589570f2f222df287fe69c6db9e8c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809335.jpg?k=b2f9c2748bd12772aaa391ee16a95c3059b0b0b0673a6d0fe07fa1da742c9616&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460807950.jpg?k=e0944e4d1b4a3b0c8829bd1b71dafd55f2a39b1ca8130836d814c59cb5c7db2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461482817.jpg?k=931a9ae8a0bc81e9f53934e6c0ed16efe148f1b0f25cb35c180ecc5191f047c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460808621.jpg?k=cd7df4a0ace0249759b75dba1c0b74a4bdb431b81d1834383021f80145bfae7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809205.jpg?k=bf2e5af8a76b2d94427dd3250315aee55683aaa2b19d286e528647a2290734f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809163.jpg?k=cf69806d3b1fc571a74669c55b1bd970518bcb5afebf9d32bc95fd4da97dfd2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460808492.jpg?k=df9913a9e63b95f18bb28612b140bd8685a16356ad962c5ad7e9c90543c644f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460809241.jpg?k=e37d6d8648665f0e2f526fd97bc209189279af89d6c3835cd538f39370fa15e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460803021.jpg?k=88e9c06bfe851373633d6bee6ca3feb2139fe23ba4e79b8a87ac8435f171a80c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Korcare 30 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paula"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The flat is in great location, very clean and spacious! Close to centre and cafes and restaurants. Good communication with the owner, very responsive and provided great guidance on oir arrival.”"\n  - name: "Gizem"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The place is close to center, and it was big. We had everything we needed. There was a living room, a double room, a 3-bed room and 2 bathrooms.”"\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A really big and comfortable apartment in the very center just a few steps from Skandenberg Square. Well equipped, easy to access (key in a box).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-center-tirana12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and comfort, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom, complete with high-quality bed linen and towels. Entertainment and connectivity are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels and complimentary WiFi. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area allows guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy their meals with a backdrop of mountain views from the apartment's balcony. Designed with health and wellness in mind, the apartment is both allergy-free and non-smoking.

For those who enjoy a good brew or need to pick up essentials, the convenience of an on-site coffee shop and minimarket cannot be overstated. Fitness enthusiasts will appreciate the yoga classes available within the property, while families will find the children's playground an invaluable feature, ensuring fun and relaxation for all ages.

Exploration of Tirana's rich cultural landscape is made easy with bicycle and car rental services directly arranged by the accommodation. Notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and the National Museum of History Albania lie in close proximity, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local history and culture.

Situated a mere 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana Center not only promises a stay marked by luxury and convenience but also ensures easy access to and from the city, making it an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.