---\ntitle: "Tirana G&G Apartments"\ndescription: "Tirana G&G Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467051995.jpg?k=bd4e5f20ec1f37a7baa8b2c4fb24d58e6a5ef3b143a4136d7a133b94e2a24b91&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-g-g-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32403304\n  lng: 19.81236088\nprice: "US$58"\npriceFrom: 58\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467051995.jpg?k=bd4e5f20ec1f37a7baa8b2c4fb24d58e6a5ef3b143a4136d7a133b94e2a24b91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467051561.jpg?k=ede3786b9561d4e75141b886024132c99a7ccda00aeb9426471b60760b6ffa27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467388406.jpg?k=c35c4f07943f7a1189311187c4c843d9acde60c793ee9509669a87613fd908ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467106028.jpg?k=1a3f03ff576f8acf5370a4287b6eb621baf1252914143af6cc5046ce8c46c48b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466819179.jpg?k=eeb9af25a2de84d153717def5eced42da7bf44e7f41948aa2307647a461338cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466819100.jpg?k=a56cc680032a587566bb3b6cb9b72f76da96f7fad2639c211467230559653ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467051366.jpg?k=df75f55300d52494a93586d74ebd1d64f14e4f9801bee9fe1121faa6ba78275f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467388726.jpg?k=b6712d408883565085e8e4618504f3f28830ba45df0f8d776cf820fad33db81b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467051258.jpg?k=40085ff543bd23c054d5684b07118b96e39cffafcde8b9e7e90458a43db4e405&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (145 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 30 m"\n  - "100 Shijet e Detit 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sebahattin"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The owner was very polite and helpful. Cleanliness and hygiene were so important for us and the apartment met all these expextations successfully. It was in the heart of the city center. We could reach everything with ease. Thanks again for...”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“If I could rate this 10 stars I would. This is the nicest apartment that we’ve stayed in. It was modern, well-equipped, roomy, comfortable, nicely decorated and very secure. The apartment is in a nice area with lots of nearby bars, cafes and...”"\n  - name: "Lusi"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Great location, specious, modern and clean appartement. Very nice owner who is there for you when needed. He also helped us with finding a parking place (we surprised him by showing up with a car).”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ge-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments at Tirana G&G are designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each one-bedroom apartment boasts a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV that includes streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their meals, and a bathroom outfitted with a hairdryer for added convenience.

For guests looking to explore the surrounding area at their own pace, the apartment provides a car rental service. This feature adds a layer of flexibility to the stay, allowing guests to venture out to nearby attractions such as Rinia Park, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation without the constraints of public transport schedules.

Accessibility is a breeze, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 15 km away. The property also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation.

Tirana G&G Apartments stands out not only for its strategic location and comprehensive amenities but also for its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, elevating the comfort and well-being of its guests. Whether it's the allure of Tirana's cultural landmarks or the need for a tranquil retreat in the city, Tirana G&G Apartments is poised to meet the expectations of discerning travelers.