---\ntitle: "Tirana Central GuestHouse"\ndescription: "Tirana Central GuestHouse emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451481258.jpg?k=ba02ac38010b37e1682b49cff3b6d30ac5eb23e82118d8ec193f0837d96398ca&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-central-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga e Durresit, Nd.118, Ap.8 - Prane \"Kafe Flora\", 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32957265\n  lng: 19.81460881\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 295\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451481258.jpg?k=ba02ac38010b37e1682b49cff3b6d30ac5eb23e82118d8ec193f0837d96398ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454799734.jpg?k=791256420cae64e98edc1f6ff0f15355a0541a2c69cb64a1e5c81ab8f063e020&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454799578.jpg?k=5c3715ebe79b4f990f5510ca48c6c38b9014251401b8b9a9b32a915834faf87e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454799372.jpg?k=27b6d8ad4ce73a1f763f03e178874353f91ea04f0cae0cb249f5b7ab28242c54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451481265.jpg?k=828a310045e986b6c22abea6daf65c0c3a103ec5307a3e0f7754907b4d2583c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451481263.jpg?k=f36e6da9b1821c33047ba54c2bee23ff10c0a0198aa210a7ad1a24eba740b06d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kafe Flora 10 m"\n  - "Fast Food Stop & Go 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 40 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vrapi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "Plazhi Pasqyra, 9706 Kalive Gjoka, Albania"\n  - name: "Cezar"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Great welcome and check in organisation. I've also left my laptop on the apartment when I left and the guys have bene so kind on keeping It for me and arrange the pick up of It. I'll reccomend It”"\n  - name: "Emma_smudge"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I couldn't be happier with our stay! We were met but the owner who was incredibly friendly, easy to contact and very knowledgeable about the area and history of Tirana. He gave us excellent recommendations. It was a comfortable twin room with a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe guesthouse itself is a haven of modern amenities and thoughtful touches designed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room at Tirana Central GuestHouse is a retreat featuring a patio that offers sweeping views of the cityscape. The presence of a private bathroom equipped with a shower and complimentary toiletries, alongside the convenience of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning, underscores the guesthouse's commitment to guest comfort. For those desiring a little extra, select rooms also boast a balcony, providing an additional vantage point from which to soak in the city's atmosphere.

Beyond the rooms, guests can enjoy the tranquility of the guesthouse's terrace, an ideal spot for unwinding after a day of exploration. The property prides itself on being allergy-free and offers free WiFi throughout, ensuring that both comfort and connectivity are guaranteed for all guests. Despite its serene ambiance, the guesthouse maintains a strict non-smoking policy, further enhancing the quality of the stay for health-conscious travelers.

For those looking to venture further afield, the guesthouse is conveniently located just 5.6 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offering easy access to one of Tirana's most scenic outdoor experiences. Additional points of interest nearby include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's diverse heritage and contemporary culture.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away. The guesthouse facilitates travel arrangements by offering a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless transition from arrival to relaxation.

In summary, Tirana Central GuestHouse stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those wishing to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana's bustling city life while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed guesthouse.