---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Apartment 1 emerges as a serene haven, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its prime location and well-appointed amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/282514085.jpg?k=52102224f0682f4c339aee2b6483ba58d55c731edbb521678f2f34016d749829&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga 4 Dëshmorët (Tafaj) APT.28 Building SION-al, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33393236\n  lng: 19.82490114\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/282514085.jpg?k=52102224f0682f4c339aee2b6483ba58d55c731edbb521678f2f34016d749829&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/282514214.jpg?k=c398573ac05fd463db6306cb8c0bca473ae83dea6d83212ead8522bb72c59617&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/274202685.jpg?k=698bd6fbf086c3434d4d2a64277ccd81c92261164849477b13001d5727032909&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/282514037.jpg?k=6b97a7bad21242fcee2ecf1db496a42b2c42c56214d544b667d22a6105fa6217&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/282514023.jpg?k=38d014b9b69157763fe6474b4f24460554df3a03d56bb659494e88cd62f93ffd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/274202680.jpg?k=8bbe699f79bbae33f826875d86f7d6dfa54c13bff80fa509665b79c19c33305d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max300/274202696.jpg?k=c2177aef96a4474c2b8e19ea0181f166278a035ae44717d1075deff9b12067d9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (302 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "kafe stacioni 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/center-tirana-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a balcony that presents captivating city views. It is meticulously designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a single bedroom, a cozy living room, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The kitchen is fully equipped with a dishwasher and an oven, ensuring guests can prepare meals with ease. Additionally, the bathroom is fitted with a walk-in shower, enhancing the overall comfort of the stay. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided in this allergy-free and non-smoking apartment.

Guests of Tirana Center Apartment 1 are treated to a range of thoughtful amenities, including complimentary WiFi and private parking. The 24-hour front desk, lift access, and currency exchange services underscore the property's commitment to guest satisfaction. Moreover, a minimarket on the premises ensures essentials are always within reach.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is ideally positioned to access sightseeing tours, with a car rental service available for further adventures. Noteworthy attractions nearby include the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it a perfect base for cultural exploration.

Located 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana Center Apartment 1 also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience. This property is not just an accommodation but a gateway to discovering the rich tapestry of Tirana, making it a top choice for discerning travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure.