---\ntitle: "Tirana Art_Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Art_Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a glimpse into the vibrant life of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402246794.jpg?k=5cae85d81dee5b338ef328eaf295ad2c2d9d4c786cdc1f2869c90e23ab4e35c9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-art-apartment\naddress: "Rr. Nikolle Kacorri 3 Piano, 1003 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32104871\n  lng: 19.79273691\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402246794.jpg?k=5cae85d81dee5b338ef328eaf295ad2c2d9d4c786cdc1f2869c90e23ab4e35c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527187374.jpg?k=c8407095e356aa262461aae91df3fcdca65cc8e50d6683cb8126cc7088c35746&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/402246812.jpg?k=9a6656006806cad256303d626852f513f32f811bc1438bca09d95e0c7a4c74ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403816445.jpg?k=ca61d8f2d0741f9e704108b1db0beb6f1efbbaeaef395d637b83a0cfc77661be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403816444.jpg?k=48a4143fce5d63fb9790e019f61c040cd1eb76571327d49d846a143020fced19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405438965.jpg?k=705a765b1532ab30ccc7c85bc73f3f62a283b20e0044fbff5ce2e7b58ca12275&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528404114.jpg?k=1548b2278560d6d569d4e46982158e33d9382ac1ebff10dd473ec891825f9c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528404661.jpg?k=4ea1732a3af2f146b0b0a3102034a1cbf88164a7bd6039551272de4937292ab6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527187324.jpg?k=247edcf8fb457282e16409de8f8ad6c9a75ba67d3c164a593e0351c83389ebb9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.3 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miqtë e Vjetër 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Derveni 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roger"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The location was on the opposite side of the river to an amazing complex. This was very modern, and contained many restaurants, cafes, shops, and bars.”"\n  - name: "Albert"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Great location.and the owner is such a gentleman.he couldn't do enough for us .he picked us up from the airport and dropped us to pick up our hire car for our onward journey. Thank you again Leisn”"\n  - name: "Gabriela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“This apartment had all the facilities that we needed for our stay. The living room was beautiful and it has A/C. Beds were comfortable. Location was excellent and the person that gave us the keys was very friendly. Everything was great😊 I suggest...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-art-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of space and light, boasting air-conditioned interiors that include two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and microwave, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of two modern bathrooms, each with a walk-in shower, adds a layer of privacy and convenience, while the balcony presents an opportunity to soak in the city's dynamic atmosphere from the comfort of your temporary home.

Adding to the appeal, Tirana Art_Apartment is strategically located, offering easy access to notable landmarks such as the Rock of Kavaje and Rinia Park, as well as the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, all within a short distance. For those interested in contemporary culture, the proximity to Reja - The Cloud and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument provides a fascinating glimpse into the city's artistic and historical narratives.

For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 13 km away, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation. With its thoughtful amenities and strategic location, Tirana Art_Apartment stands out as an exemplary choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana, whether for leisure or exploration.