---\ntitle: "Tirana Central Apartments"\ndescription: "Tirana Central Apartments emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045353.jpg?k=9597cd4795aac2b1fa1349f427557a69096ddd4625c80973fff5c682f50e482b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-central-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Myslym Shyri, Godina B, Hyrja 7, Apartamenti 114, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32424132\n  lng: 19.80553218\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 104\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045353.jpg?k=9597cd4795aac2b1fa1349f427557a69096ddd4625c80973fff5c682f50e482b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045524.jpg?k=5587afbe6a234ad9de3d2641b5ec753a75586b2d0cdfe36fc81c1f962edebc3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045406.jpg?k=0e247c637466bac5ed822f8ca5e16da27c7e234f2278146c3c7e8f64cfa67b41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045593.jpg?k=b67df98ca9ac2283f65c860c27e6ed2a7d8fe6937878ee82ea8db329644c5294&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045421.jpg?k=03c1e3c5b5d29a46e11afd818d4f0ba7a9db7437f01cf0ea27753d61040e9cb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488045553.jpg?k=7b458a09d1a0779d5c2423692dfb2f9782292db5ab53c927cec9c8415a70208f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (85 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PURTOFINO 50 m"\n  - "Bar Classik 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucile"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Super clean appartement with everything you need. The shower is super big, and the bed too ! The owner is the best, we forgot the keys inside and he drove 1h, à Saturday night, to open the door for us, thank you again ! Also, he is super reactive...”"\n  - name: "Peter"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Modern, nice apartment. Perfect for longer stay too. Well equipped with good location.”"\n  - name: "Senad"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Parking struggle, but everything else is perfect. Big advice - don't enter by car in small streets near the apartment, especially if you're driving SUV. Only a miracle can take you out later.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ten-minute-walking-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Tirana Central Apartments are treated to air-conditioned units that boast sleek parquet floors, a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven, a cozy dining area, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services for entertainment. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable stay. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the premises, enhancing the convenience for all guests, and select rooms even offer the luxury of a balcony for those who appreciate a private outdoor space.

The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, ensuring a hassle-free stay. For added convenience, the property features an on-site minimarket, catering to guests' everyday needs without having to leave the comfort of the apartments.

Tirana Central Apartments also excels in offering practical services such as airport transfers and a car rental service, making travel arrangements seamless for guests. Its proximity to notable attractions, including the Clock Tower Tirana, Et'hem Bey Mosque, and the artistic installation Reja - The Cloud, positions it as an ideal base for exploring the vibrant culture and history of Tirana. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is located just 14 km away, further emphasizing the property's accessible location.

In summary, Tirana Central Apartments presents a compelling choice for travelers who value modern amenities, strategic location, and the independence afforded by apartment-style living in the bustling city of Tirana.