---\ntitle: "Tirana Sunlight Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Sunlight Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433614428.jpg?k=a42b44cd55bf5e66a31e623074c93aaeea268f8e6c7e6c237ce954a83b01aea2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-sunlight-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mahmut Fortuzi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33526127\n  lng: 19.81967515\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433614428.jpg?k=a42b44cd55bf5e66a31e623074c93aaeea268f8e6c7e6c237ce954a83b01aea2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433613838.jpg?k=f8d5f8982abe0d0e5f392e029cd2b2f647810672b2a04d8b7e4c071b9a199885&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433611485.jpg?k=116f8567af61fdf366eda6421d63952f62101af06a4387cc1ea9a44fe262187c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433609594.jpg?k=f8cbc9727e7896ec9279ed984e95008f693940c041e0d903c79bc01399a9afc0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433614072.jpg?k=3db176759c8ea898a38c7dd1c8b45bccb9b62cc04944f0321d4dbf52a20d24ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433609249.jpg?k=e4d3f5e20750119ed36044357e9bf8e50f93fd85d4bde22740881361bbd9287b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433613971.jpg?k=e49518ac99b8d88edb9d09d723ba09e00c3588008734d34ed677e50635b1b785&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433609828.jpg?k=eb18605dafc4e519a6676f0c887bbd39b3869c8587a88bcab9b272b96d7ae9d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434464113.jpg?k=3afc613f9e49934c5a8f88acb3d60444e161e6081baedd8a8fb8154e7f279d17&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AC Longue 40 m"\n  - "Aroma Cvaffe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Agata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very kind and helpful owner. She makes sure that everyone rests in her apartment after the trip. Upon arrival, water and bars were waiting for us. When you had questions, she always answered and gave tips. The apartment was very well equipped - a...”"\n  - name: "Gjergji"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“very nice and tidy place, exactly matching the description. Close to the city center and with very good access. Hosts are friendly and very responsive. The view of the sky at night was superb!”"\n  - name: "Arcisio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto ok sicuramente ci torniamo lo consiglio vivamente”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/valter.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests can unwind in style. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, coming fully equipped with modern appliances including an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, catering to all culinary needs. Complementing the comfortable living space, guests are treated to mountain views that add a picturesque backdrop to their stay.

Convenience is further underscored by the apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the House of Leaves, making it an ideal base for cultural excursions. Moreover, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania is just a stone's throw away, offering enriching experiences for art enthusiasts. For ease of travel, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located just 13 kilometers away, facilitating smooth arrivals and departures.

In essence, Tirana Sunlight Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and amenities, making it a highly recommended stay for those looking to immerse themselves in the heart of Tirana.