---\ntitle: "Tirana New Bazaar - Apartment no•2"\ndescription: "Tirana New Bazaar - Apartment no•2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415440723.jpg?k=2d0ae34a4f876c651f9c2aa25f4336559e5b2d6b978a9e80065a7452837af2dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-new-bazaar-apartment-no-2\naddress: "Rruga Fadil Rada , pallati genner 2 , hyrja B , kat 5 , apartamenti 18, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32861355\n  lng: 19.82699729\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 44\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415440723.jpg?k=2d0ae34a4f876c651f9c2aa25f4336559e5b2d6b978a9e80065a7452837af2dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415441143.jpg?k=8fa38ac61e30ec0a7f0b414d278c381ed2273c63b0414d7fbcb1500aac112cbc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415441208.jpg?k=64b8349c44851e521222ce1eec674e743b0d6d39532f09793e0a427c01200d29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411081881.jpg?k=154ffb400ea4761108ef81094d8f6fdfa0cddf683ea320e1d01a25dbc7cf7660&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/415440689.jpg?k=165ff374272654104c027fa30cc7dc52d911f396b56297cff233640e5031af4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451360750.jpg?k=d631847f797a84b4885666c43814aae13f4e412533feb4b403ba6084021fdc32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411082065.jpg?k=4054aebff80a7f8c262ed74c45580c0af3d48f2001aaa089824c41bc6602b0ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411082132.jpg?k=b4d0779b76a40a2082c3adb0e215438e0407437d4e6c88e66bdf4c40fea401e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425818020.jpg?k=bffd6f746bb33bcc1d25616c51bbb8d18398fdd5ad7dc63d9abc685e66cae2aa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (97 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Home 30 m"\n  - "VOGUE Caffe 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 50 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Goni"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I recently had the pleasure of staying at this cozy apartment, and I must say that it was a wonderful experience. The owner was incredibly helpful, and the place was spotlessly clean. The apartment's location was also very convenient.
The owner...”"\n  - name: "Christine"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Kitchen and it had a washing machine.
Close to town and other facilities.”"\n  - name: "Andrei"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and nice, the host was very friendly and with a great hospitality, i strongly recommend this apartment”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-new-bazaar-apartment-no-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its thoughtful amenities, including a garden that offers a serene city view, elevating the urban living experience. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the provision of full-day security and complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises, ensuring both safety and connectivity.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with a bidet and dressing room, catering to the needs of modern travelers. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, and a flat-screen TV with streaming services adds a touch of home, while the fully equipped kitchen and dining area invite guests to prepare and enjoy their meals with a view. The balcony, offering mountain vistas, provides a perfect backdrop for relaxation.

For added convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily stock up on essentials without having to leave the comfort of their temporary home.

Situated close to notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre, Tirana New Bazaar - Apartment no•2 is not just a place to stay but a gateway to the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, only 16 km away, it ensures a hassle-free travel experience for both domestic and international visitors.

In summary, Tirana New Bazaar - Apartment no•2 offers a compelling mix of location, amenities, and comfort, making it a top consideration for those planning a visit to Tirana.