---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Apartment - Your Cosy Corner"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Apartment - Your Cosy Corner emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512164882.jpg?k=0569a5153b240b43b6c151a42004ff43d50e0f78a515886efb20568bccce243f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-apartment-your-cosy-corner\naddress: "Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi 2 floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32893364\n  lng: 19.82273622\nprice: "US$81"\npriceFrom: 81\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512164882.jpg?k=0569a5153b240b43b6c151a42004ff43d50e0f78a515886efb20568bccce243f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526394526.jpg?k=19a931821b95ca81e10ba9b445370697a2b18415d40d5d71d28471f027a3239f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512164870.jpg?k=8562fe64f4b8f2cef39df84fcf33ca32ed793f571c3836a6af6f6e64e5ff6993&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512164878.jpg?k=eb06dbe51498132d88df87188e369b270fd930a4120c7508ed1a489897c39353&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526394436.jpg?k=4c9dbdb1d149fc66b6d1edec0f29dbbc460261b9d2fc4c1704e75696f3a6c97e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522562868.jpg?k=5f8ad3324c922b16a4bc2849efd3621e5de11d993e41e496e6e2e8436e1bbc7d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526394630.jpg?k=95f0e5e62e34d6729273c6e3ddf3e2e05951574d665a18ebc6dfa6971827ef0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522562748.jpg?k=3f2419466d5fc596bbdf436152494c216a246ca140625c21862f8844e4b463f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522610731.jpg?k=bdfa3694bf618786379d1243b2b763cb94b879b7c65dcfd456617a0d6ac199ed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1,000 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish Sandwich 20 m"\n  - "Coffee Island 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 100 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 300 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joshua"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Had clear communication with Ervis before we arrived in Tirana and he was very helpful throughout our stay. Great knowledge of Tirana so very helpful finding things to do. The apartment was right in the centre with access to good transport links....”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything! Perfect location for exploring Tirana. Most places of interest are within walking distance from this apartment. The apartment was exceptionally clean and fully equipped. The host's communication was exceptional, checking everything...”"\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host met us at the property and gave us the key. The host was very helpful and even printed our boarding passes off for us. The apartment was very clean and well kept, right in the centre of the city in a great location. Would 100% recommend....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-center-apartment-tirana10.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis recently updated apartment, with its roots stretching back to 1995, offers a refreshing stay with modern amenities including air conditioning and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a seamless connection for both leisure and business travelers. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the appeal for those in pursuit of a healthier stay.

Boasting a layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room adorned with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that presents captivating city views, guests are invited into a space that feels both expansive and inviting. The kitchen, equipped with an oven and toaster, caters to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals, while the inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of convenience. For those requiring them, towels and linens are available upon request.

The apartment's location not only offers tranquility with its quiet street views but also keeps guests connected to the pulse of the city. Dining options abound in the vicinity, catering to a variety of tastes and preferences. Furthermore, the proximity to notable attractions such as the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, ensures that cultural enrichment is always within reach.

For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 14 km away, making Tirana Center Apartment - Your Cosy Corner an accessible retreat after a day of travel or exploration. This property stands out as a thoughtful blend of historical charm and contemporary comfort, promising a memorable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.