---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Apartment 4"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Apartment 4 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084671.jpg?k=6ff7958bf2c880733fd901f14024dac03342acf1ecb69925780b1c9e817db4d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-apartment-4\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3326556\n  lng: 19.8196225\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084671.jpg?k=6ff7958bf2c880733fd901f14024dac03342acf1ecb69925780b1c9e817db4d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084706.jpg?k=4eda70bf5ec4503b40bfd55f309cf03daed924cf8ceb2fbaae153d0dacfef6e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084696.jpg?k=85089835a933107371bf9f1c5db79511890ce6d7a0edf027163289b692aff629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084691.jpg?k=995581d87e9afc89a31e674390055dc7436b9ddc8fe275582fbebc852dfd33e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084688.jpg?k=2bdbe05012587342b3ebec871f029d4a93534a4943abdbd30b28db6facc952e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084693.jpg?k=b6c23d37ff4ad93bdcf074359afbeba0608bf4dd7a5f054f3da27fbbdae81fca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084699.jpg?k=dfb5e0ded2f462b54f86536dad733d8488bbaea4799894a582102f0acce14c9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084701.jpg?k=08363e8b87805291e7a45312e594e139d1b22f9bf7002cccdd5b9d1a527a9344&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355084685.jpg?k=dc05398afed6cc741f030a0bf2159b9513720fa020a521bd3446687a7da7d330&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Golosa 2 m"\n  - "Fast Food Magic Hand 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Raimonda"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very clean and comfortable. It was so near with the city center so we didn’t needed car. Super fast internet to work from the flat.”"\n  - name: "Rabije"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We had a great experience! The manager of the apartment was very helpful and kind! The apartment was clean and the place had a very nice smell! We will definitely return!”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The property is super clean, comfortable, has everything you might need, and is a short walk to the center of Tirana. The check in/check out process was also very simple. Everything about this apartment and location is perfect. I plan to stay here...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tiranaave-4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment boasts a thoughtful layout, featuring two separate bedrooms, a cozy living room, a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies in a smoke-free environment.

For those who might need to pick up essentials or prefer to dine out, a convenient minimarket is located on the premises, and a variety of dining options are within easy reach of the apartment. 

Tirana Center Apartment 4 is ideally positioned for guests eager to explore the city's rich history and culture. Notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania are all in close proximity. For travelers arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making this apartment a strategic base for both short and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.