---\ntitle: "Tirana Apartment Comfort Home"\ndescription: "Tirana Apartment Comfort Home emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150176.jpg?k=0105ba81221ce4f192aac86f4a27b85c120a3dcb4d57aeb5411140293d3403a6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-apartment-comfort-home\naddress: "Rruga Ali Demi, 1004 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32911996\n  lng: 19.8376247\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150176.jpg?k=0105ba81221ce4f192aac86f4a27b85c120a3dcb4d57aeb5411140293d3403a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150173.jpg?k=0ce1e4fba65704821ac61565c00eb6638e4f19564827a3deefbaf0074bb0e62d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150172.jpg?k=e2a6fad60b40ebcbd3d7421292c63f6c50d7c7d2de6e9deaea88050c939438eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150174.jpg?k=5aece22fdb3be91970e5fab94e002e86f135b64f688bf6d4d7e61534612d99c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150175.jpg?k=eb6a67d17540e909fbe82acb46a2786e1e04cf71455c97ceeee457e97f8984da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150319.jpg?k=ff049125c6b0add1390e9700d43881e02a04c0d52d025e16718319ecc94d6ac0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490150336.jpg?k=93eac033736b1d65e2a51e1025a13876240e751afcac0f4820872ffd9dd20324&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485280379.jpg?k=8c4ad56c0ef49fc2116d55d0face9f172de48ad3b8c659a50285fe314942bfed&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Hallall Ali Demi 150 m"\n  - "Le Monde 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.4 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.5 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bud"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“A very good value and well equiped unit in the heart of Tirana.”"\n  - name: "Xhino"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“New comfortable apartment, has all the amenities you may need. Very clean, and not too far from the center or historic places. Service is 10/10”"\n  - name: "Ilda"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The property was clean. The living room and the bedroom had a large space, where 4 people can easily be accommodated, as in addition to the double bed, the sofa in the living room was quite wide. Air conditioning in the bedroom and living...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/quiet-comfort-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment not only offers the luxury of private parking on its premises but also boasts complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected and comfortable throughout their visit. With a strict non-smoking policy, the apartment maintains a fresh and inviting atmosphere, further enhanced by its proximity to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located just 4.7 km away.

Guests stepping into the apartment are greeted by a spacious living area, complete with a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen is a culinary enthusiast's dream, featuring modern appliances such as a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, microwave, and fridge. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort, making stays both convenient and cozy.

For those keen to explore, the apartment is conveniently situated near Tanners' Bridge, Saint Paul Cathedral, and Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a glimpse into the local culture and shopping scene. Additionally, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 17 km away, making Tirana Apartment Comfort Home a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Albania's bustling capital.