---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Piazza-IN"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Piazza-IN emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504919401.jpg?k=b2967ab2ab4223b40a8b3937c87fe1def2005a16e6ea7b6fb3e00622d3f8be62&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-piazza-in\naddress: "Rruga Sulejman Pasha, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33075816\n  lng: 19.81476314\nprice: "US$76"\npriceFrom: 76\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504919401.jpg?k=b2967ab2ab4223b40a8b3937c87fe1def2005a16e6ea7b6fb3e00622d3f8be62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955811.jpg?k=cb39f4c5a29cdbb00fcddcd5886ed59c613c0448e05d4b05702ba8bfff5bbd27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955910.jpg?k=1bb7270bc4b4d0f9e60c65cd023f38e779cb26f9186793b8b7f3aac53dc0171a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492300634.jpg?k=9d08fc3edb39b0b0189d85f641c876d3a347444c5ed852d530b24e4284e46cde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428306881.jpg?k=eec7379d592fc033524a45bb4f0448de718c97023da37bfaeb4b5957ab1da312&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955374.jpg?k=0dd1f4337c6e383a0479df6db4b8c86bdefe239e063d746eacb8106dd8a0d754&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955959.jpg?k=1d9c398cf12dad9e2bd3c1c51545ef284f8205de33a180d8520922e81f665ab1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955653.jpg?k=c797e7bcf185552736c0230e0f253f81c7f87ce887acc9b14f1a4d3652110db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504955556.jpg?k=116ee48f3d8d0a24c37ef28f6aca08e1eaf6d03cdf94d6d20297de1efe7eed8e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Psejo? Whynot? Rest 50 m"\n  - "Baste Sportive 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 450 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Riia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment in a good location. Communication with the host was easy and our stay could not have been any better.”"\n  - name: "Melania"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very kind host. Beautiful apartment in the city center.”"\n  - name: "Klevis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The studio was brand new and well equipped , luxurious and clean”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/piazza-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting air-conditioning for those warm Albanian days and complimentary WiFi to keep guests connected. The 24-hour front desk and elevator access add an extra layer of convenience, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Inside, the apartment is a sanctuary of modern living, featuring a bedroom, bathroom, and living area equipped with crisp bed linen, plush towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a dining area. The fully equipped kitchen invites guests to prepare their meals, offering a taste of home while away.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount, with soundproofing and a private entrance allowing guests to unwind in peace. Families traveling with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, highlighting the property's commitment to guest safety and comfort.

Tirana Center Piazza-IN is ideally situated for explorers keen to immerse themselves in the city's rich culture, with the House of Leaves, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and Clock Tower Tirana all within easy reach. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 13 km away, making this apartment an excellent choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.