---\ntitle: "Tirana City view"\ndescription: "Tirana City View stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499775940.jpg?k=b31d6d023fffd49f28872ac531149ca806e15091c5b752b0f1846afb32ee9d5c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-city-view\naddress: "Rruga Frang Bardhi Ap: 18. Floor 4, 1046 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31337285\n  lng: 19.80096506\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499775940.jpg?k=b31d6d023fffd49f28872ac531149ca806e15091c5b752b0f1846afb32ee9d5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499775918.jpg?k=3781772b2b6fa90f4e11535ddf7ca2e1865e04b31fe730390b432ebb30baba2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496002468.jpg?k=01c32ae46078f81eb90987ebe2a9fa4500847797a318016478b55a9e4b210bfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497138652.jpg?k=273d11ed5249fc6db4c63ceddd0bf084d443594d9c180c974cb9247d7b09f00b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496002246.jpg?k=59a13c2a50657ba119d443ce37a7e5f23ffaa7d80ae612a88e1db75e8fe80caf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496002005.jpg?k=ac71e8a84445293e282d82eac453dadd18df3832aae84cb3450e1acfd1549a03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497965756.jpg?k=35fa2be16bf99fb59fc5c2f34fc554d773c2138d016073c0bb5c2b46d968f882&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497703359.jpg?k=89a298302d8d2dc35a80beaf051eb9ef073ec9213d7792c65325c64afacb1775&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496002274.jpg?k=56a19852f679533e0c5913c459b3257138583ce7e1fb8bc31d6f5c4447445336&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (94 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mono Tirana 100 m"\n  - "Fit Food 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Amazing view Perfect spacious spotless apartment with stunning views! And the owners of the apartament were the kindest welcoming people who were always willing to help”"\n  - name: "Claudia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The hiest was incredible helpful in each case ! I love it ! The hospitality and always being on the call trying to help”"\n  - name: "Akinyemi"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“This apartment literally have everything you need to be comfortable, the interior is beautiful,has everything you need to cook,big refrigerator, comfortable bed.
There’s coffee making machine plus there are capsules, sugar and disposable cups to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-view-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, boasting a spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a living room, and a balcony that offers sweeping views of the city. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and microwave, alongside a sleek bathroom featuring a bidet, ensures that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The unique touch of a private entrance adds an extra layer of privacy, allowing visitors to unwind with a glass of wine or champagne in their own serene space. It's worth noting that the entire apartment is a smoke-free environment, catering to the comfort of all guests.

For those planning to explore beyond the city limits, Tirana City View goes the extra mile by offering packed lunches, perfect for day trips or excursions. This thoughtful service ensures that guests can enjoy their adventures without the hassle of finding food on the go.

The property's strategic location not only places guests close to key attractions like the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Rock of Kavaje but also ensures easy access to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away. Despite its central location, the availability of private parking (for an additional charge) and the assurance of full-day security and an elevator add layers of convenience and peace of mind to the stay.

With complimentary WiFi enveloping the property, guests are guaranteed to stay connected, whether for leisure or work. Tirana City View emerges as a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of modern amenities, strategic location, and thoughtful services in the heart of Tirana.