---\ntitle: "Tirana’s Elevated Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana's Elevated Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958326.jpg?k=bcc7395e136d84b0527db8aa469d00e860280cb57e06b10a6dfd9b13bc66e035&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-s-elevated-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Muhamet Deliu Floor nr 5, Apt. 23, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34806305\n  lng: 19.86187423\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958326.jpg?k=bcc7395e136d84b0527db8aa469d00e860280cb57e06b10a6dfd9b13bc66e035&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473956647.jpg?k=d5d8d63ba8383578c64ba6986fa1f0544da09cabfed80cbe75ec73c8f8623771&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473956639.jpg?k=c0628c8eef4bb1d531bae9a473c15f8ba21070681726505a156fd415151c93be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958323.jpg?k=82cd8df04288d6bf610d97aa7be1031fff1771464a7cbc39bf51edb5d143bdf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473956666.jpg?k=978df4c9412eaaa475c392cd04dd0341f4bca42e9da816662845220fb3233885&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958327.jpg?k=831d1f8bfc3d55f6ac55c875333d6f47005c08bfa432f445d5452f5e478a0a47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473956564.jpg?k=a0dc1d943ae7dc33e20b22a245fdf64eb27900f2624a574aa9cd044bcf57371a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473956675.jpg?k=f9a25c1e67ccd080d91696569cd177df635182ce00c32b9e0028dd9cb9d19846&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473958324.jpg?k=118165e4c2196eb73291e508689453eb20bdb42008b24373c2e50ca84ae92eb9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 4.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 4.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 4.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 4.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 4.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Amarildo 50 m"\n  - "Jaro Cofee 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 200 m"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 2.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 3.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 3.8 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alimi"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Firstly, the people that rented us the apartment for the night were very welcoming. The apartment was very clean and the view from the balcony was excellent. I recommend everyone to come and stay here for many nights and I guarentee you will enjoy...”"\n  - name: "Aldo"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Eni is fantastic. She is very approachable and answers all questions. The area is nice full of good restaurants and 10 mins away from Dajti express (which via the cable car can take you to the top the mountain). The apartment was nice and spacious.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tiranas-elevated-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; its interiors are equally impressive. Guests are welcomed into a spacious haven, complete with a balcony that invites the outside in. The two-bedroom setup is complemented by a cozy living room, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being well-equipped with modern appliances including a microwave and a fridge, ensuring that guests feel right at home. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience, underscoring the thoughtful touches that characterize this accommodation.

Privacy is paramount at Tirana’s Elevated Apartment, underscored by the inclusion of a private entrance that guarantees guests their own secluded retreat. The proximity to cultural landmarks such as the Bunk'Art 1 Museum and the Bektashi World Centre further enhances its appeal, making it an ideal base for those keen to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Accessibility is another highlight, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 17 km away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. Whether it's the allure of the city's rich history, the stunning natural landscapes, or simply the promise of a comfortable and convenient stay, Tirana’s Elevated Apartment ticks all the boxes for an unforgettable visit to Albania's captivating capital.