---\ntitle: "Tirana Sunny Bliss Villa"\ndescription: "Tirana Sunny Bliss Villa emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478784437.jpg?k=a58b96a1819438286807916707758a24c7f714f26ac541cf4820ff176699293b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-sunny-bliss-villa\naddress: "Bulevardi Bajram Curri, near gjimnazi besnik sykja, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32010315\n  lng: 19.80223906\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478784437.jpg?k=a58b96a1819438286807916707758a24c7f714f26ac541cf4820ff176699293b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516503206.jpg?k=6767f69ab43d0dc41558aa831b84266b13e6b716477ce0534946e29664364b96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516516584.jpg?k=b38af31865eb284eddcb588264cc817bd982957700258487d2910851d085e792&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516504960.jpg?k=b1437398f478f22b12256e0b2440439d555869518ae36aefcea40d299668a256&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502912229.jpg?k=641ef2187041cdc8b6b0a8845fc0ba41317a1797a0329b03c5b8254bc66236f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478826651.jpg?k=adf26e2a6aecdb8fe118e1d7db0acdb42407254dd7b9f40930ba41af65076226&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AMare 50 m"\n  - "Buona Pizza 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barszczewicz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The place is close to the center, you can walk everywhere. The owners were very nice and helpful. I recommend staying here.”"\n  - name: "Gentiana"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The owners of this hotel were more than friendly. Very openly to help with everything. They did their best to make us (group of 7 girls) feel very comfortable and safe. I recommand this place 10000% to everyone that wants a good and clean place...”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment, big and modern, with all the facilities, in a good location. A lot of shops, coffee houses and bakeries nearby. The apartment has air conditioned in the living and in two of the bedrooms so it was warm and pleasant inside. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-harmony-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Tirana Sunny Bliss Villa are treated to an array of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each apartment boasts a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to relax. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with a fully functional kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, and essential kitchenware, alongside modern conveniences like a coffee machine and kettle. The living area, featuring a flat-screen TV and comfortable seating, provides a homely atmosphere, while the inclusion of a washing machine adds to the convenience. Bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a refreshing start to the day.

The allure of Tirana Sunny Bliss Villa is further enhanced by its proximity to notable attractions such as the Pyramid of Tirana, Rinia Park, and the iconic Reja - The Cloud. With both free WiFi and on-site parking available at no extra charge, guests can enjoy seamless connectivity and ease of travel. The addition of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space in each unit underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to explore beyond the city, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the villa offering a convenient paid airport shuttle service. Whether visiting for leisure or business, Tirana Sunny Bliss Villa promises a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.