---\ntitle: "TIRANA CITY CENTER STUDIO"\ndescription: "TIRANA CITY CENTER STUDIO emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the heart of Tirana's vibrant culture and history."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336788.jpg?k=1cef11e90659a93a3ee15fddb017087d0e7cdd4fee8ee505dc729a00d61d2fe5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-city-center-studio\naddress: "Rruga e Kavajës Pll. 67, 2-nd floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32781023\n  lng: 19.81220602\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336788.jpg?k=1cef11e90659a93a3ee15fddb017087d0e7cdd4fee8ee505dc729a00d61d2fe5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336848.jpg?k=d695fc220a98cd867d74ae3b306c374a19ff52c3a7092606652022faa4875346&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336853.jpg?k=452417eddf4f5fd95081c445b1aa367599d82be66bf93315cc2274ec1f5d2b23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336861.jpg?k=cc789161bf7244f937f03bbc9eee0343210a58abf57268a1ababdc9cc1b0577a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336888.jpg?k=fd141342d821cdbfa06b4468806acf77ddf5fe623a98faf6c8fc6b7567dcbbd4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384520257.jpg?k=8060e25e6b8a7ff7f768619f97aaaf5eedd31c2d8163e7f1d49e054b102cbc95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336903.jpg?k=6a94040c4b8aa8882729598a12d0b6941946ea4c03491d70f6108a7be8d9b72a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380336854.jpg?k=c44e7f2b2ebc728775679ef524dedca04f55ba0e1915cdd3736914f97285243d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384520332.jpg?k=ef72b61058fce9f9478debaa6ac2d6db5114c877439c0149dd0e99211b2c627e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila 77 30 m"\n  - "Artur Restorant Tirana 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 300 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Colombia"\n    text: "“Loved it! Extremely well located
Host gave many recommendations about restaurants , transportation and tourist info
Very easy check in process Host was always willing to help via WhatsApp Loved the place, super clean and comfy!”"\n  - name: "Pedro"\n    country: "Chile"\n    text: "“The place is really wonderful. Amazing location, everything is clean and modern, and Ojana and Ervin are superb hosts! 10/10 for sure.”"\n  - name: "Yanina"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Very comfortable and clean apartment in modern style. Inside there is everything you need. Near the house there is a supermarket and many restaurants.
About the hosts, they are Friendly support, always ready to help you in any matter and, which...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-city-center-studio-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a comprehensive renovation, the apartment boasts a layout that is both practical and inviting, featuring one separate bedroom, a bathroom, and a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The kitchen does not disappoint, being fully equipped with a dining area and oven, catering to the needs of those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while on the move. It's worth noting that the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is provided, allowing guests to easily plan their day or share their experiences. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for an additional charge, adding an extra layer of convenience.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests will find themselves within easy reach of notable sites including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, enriching their stay with a touch of Albania's complex history and lush green spaces. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 15 km away, making TIRANA CITY CENTER STUDIO an accessible haven for both short and extended visits.

In essence, TIRANA CITY CENTER STUDIO stands out as a meticulously updated accommodation that not only promises comfort and convenience but also serves as a gateway to the rich tapestry of Tirana's cultural landmarks and natural beauty.