---\ntitle: "Tirana Art Apartments"\ndescription: "Tirana Art Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164209.jpg?k=da24c28c93cd7b8208498087ad1a58aebf3fb0b80d5ef582a6a72c1e03719260&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-art-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi no.31 apt. 41/6, 3rd floor, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32573264\n  lng: 19.83507313\nprice: "US$67"\npriceFrom: 67\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164209.jpg?k=da24c28c93cd7b8208498087ad1a58aebf3fb0b80d5ef582a6a72c1e03719260&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164194.jpg?k=b6e8ed952dc3db28caaef285de76ca6e516173ef0e9ec1dce25791334c4cb909&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496165137.jpg?k=5f38a653aa90090022beb9447fa596e664a582a680d3e538fc80628e4350463b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164213.jpg?k=7e00391b8f60789d29481a219ee8e2e61bef44f1c029eb341ada0f218173abca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496165134.jpg?k=b98db5d37a0214f992c5d08dfa0218a55916ff71ecb2190bc6e1aaad9467eb62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496165138.jpg?k=ed3f897de1ed0d7c422a3269ad13feb3cbd5364f56afb33e4a2671cfe28050fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164205.jpg?k=b870a41081753bf689998f8613a8644a3edcfe81890f0ac8cad05c1271a8772c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496164207.jpg?k=457a6ccfd31a4e2fe4d79cfb35d59259905b07979461311feee5597f72e87556&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496165133.jpg?k=b1a5899d07d58eae16b02cc79fa7cdfebd3030f074fa35e0f4e54849f7391c9e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Jonart 100 m"\n  - "Bar Britaniku 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anuela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Super spacious, clean and comfortable! All the amenities and located on a very lively street full of services, yet very peaceful as all windows look from the courtyard”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-art-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into spacious, air-conditioned accommodations, each boasting a private balcony that opens up to either captivating city views or the tranquility of a quiet street. The apartments are thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen featuring a dishwasher and an oven, and a cozy seating area complemented by a flat-screen TV. The convenience of two modern bathrooms, each with a walk-in shower, ensures a comfortable stay. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided.

The allure of Tirana Art Apartments is further enhanced by its outdoor dining area, inviting guests to enjoy their meals al fresco. For those needing to pick up essentials or a quick snack, a minimarket on the premises caters to their needs.

Situated near notable attractions such as Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and Tanners' Bridge, guests have the city's best offerings at their fingertips. For travelers flying in, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 17 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

With its strategic location, well-appointed accommodations, and thoughtful amenities, Tirana Art Apartments stands out as a top accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering an ideal base from which to explore the city's sights and sounds.