---\ntitle: "Tirana Views Apartment - Comfy & spacious"\ndescription: "Tirana Views Apartment stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and space in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375369479.jpg?k=89d5c70ee32c3e4bf3ed54094d94c908a77dcec656691d2eabbee40917c6f9f6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-views-apartment-comfy-spacious\naddress: "Bulevardi Gjergj Fishta Nd. 138, Hyrja 50, Apt. 38, 1023 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32074245\n  lng: 19.79760601\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 56\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375369479.jpg?k=89d5c70ee32c3e4bf3ed54094d94c908a77dcec656691d2eabbee40917c6f9f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382920495.jpg?k=e929655a15079062e37c55cee34a6a0b139fe53fe42ff09a75f2ca2b1128c8fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383023923.jpg?k=70f3da8709e70381c44ceeb669284b88bde386b1eb252d7570c1f5fcd140219c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383023920.jpg?k=a8fe36bf18d61d9cfe5b632c741243d65c73e562d01d52db4a5e7ff419125799&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375369495.jpg?k=6449bb91f8c6978c8f328fe91b0c5a95f83f6a5ce8e59ce401371c6ef56263c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382920497.jpg?k=0472234961bc7df4c7c2362e83d565db0211586c2b85dea04da32efa238d8a5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382920498.jpg?k=110be40bbe4f7d7fe73c71127ea8877c938d2baa31e94bed7dddd4b873c40df1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383023289.jpg?k=463bbea206eec7c90123ee5dadbf0063aef3493c9f0ba8506fb5a507af2e1174&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382920500.jpg?k=78abbbb681e747dce992503df9da5322bc4fd88581be46b8c4c2ddca3fbc18b3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dionisi 20 m"\n  - "Le Cafe Tirana 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 20 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Viacheslav"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Very nice host, amazing hospitality
Clear and cozy apartment
Nice view from the balcony
Access to the roof for a more amazing view over the city
The apartment has everything you might possiblty need - medicine, fridge-freezer, a lot of nice...”"\n  - name: "Margarida"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Very nice apartment and the host is always available.”"\n  - name: "Simge"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very cosy apartment and so clean. There are many nice cafes and restaurants in neighborhood. It is close to the main attractions. Owners are lovely people. Thanks definitely worth to money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-views-apartment-comfy-amp-spacious.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home with its two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom complete with essential linens and towels, and a living space designed for relaxation. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV with streaming services ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the fully equipped kitchen allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The terrace, offering sweeping city views, adds an extra layer of enjoyment to the stay.

Guests are greeted with the thoughtful touch of chocolates or cookies upon entering through the apartment's private entrance, setting the tone for a stay that prioritizes comfort and convenience. The proximity to notable landmarks such as Reja - The Cloud and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, both 2.2 km away, makes exploring the city's rich history and culture both easy and accessible.

Located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana Views Apartment ensures a hassle-free experience for those traveling to and from the city. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a comfortable stay, this property is an excellent choice for visitors to Tirana looking for spacious and comfortable accommodation.