---\ntitle: "Tirana Contact Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Contact Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991061.jpg?k=bc2b1bb417100e26faefdbabb8e56c2a27d750ce3dbdecb13b8dffd087eda4dd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-contact-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ndre Mjeda, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32712285\n  lng: 19.79561452\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991061.jpg?k=bc2b1bb417100e26faefdbabb8e56c2a27d750ce3dbdecb13b8dffd087eda4dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991200.jpg?k=297961cb1c042d5d45a3622165373d0ef1b8710cedcd1c2e9e232125fc643087&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406004397.jpg?k=02b85440b82442201fd8abaaf0c7a2b57e48fc1dc37eb56133be971f46b55b6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991140.jpg?k=6aae25b7ac4fd2b9f8f51376d822c8aa536b13b6f519c244b84692cbf618f92c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991279.jpg?k=dd4e470eb948855031fb42e0670cacbd3da32a47ec1fd2ed8e24abfe2b76cd03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991412.jpg?k=8351c3e763871797c282b79c9695a2d26bca1f9e14915d8a500bb16b7701a40a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991131.jpg?k=03719887b5c6361e92d754aa70d0ff7c1378a5a0f52f158825ddc82086033d15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991195.jpg?k=6d909eded6c385358a171292343f88f6e4af5f407d914519736b35a2115f3580&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405991243.jpg?k=237270d339c9052accb13e7d73d889d08b005aff93c0841593e839469100c547&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (129 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Laguna Blu 40 m"\n  - "Kroi I Shijes 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kemal"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Location of apartment is preety good, not far from most Tirana attractions. I was surprised with warm and domestic atmosphere in the apartment and comfort is on really high level. Inside you have everything what you could need (and moore)...”"\n  - name: "Kushtrim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is very good, clean and located in nice neighbourhood👌”"\n  - name: "Rafael"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“We were extremely surprised by this accommodation! Wonderful, clean modern, superbly furnished. Close to the centre. If next time I visit Tirana I want to go here. When we left I was sorry that we only stayed here for one night. You won't regret...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-contact-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a serene retreat in a spacious apartment that boasts a balcony with breathtaking mountain views. The accommodation includes a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a modern bathroom with a walk-in shower adds to the comfort of the stay. Moreover, the apartment offers captivating city views, enhancing the overall experience.

The convenience at Tirana Contact Apartment is further elevated by the complimentary services including high-speed WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Emphasizing a commitment to a healthy living environment, the property maintains a strict non-smoking policy.

Dining at the apartment is a delightful experience, with a family-friendly restaurant that specializes in Italian cuisine, open for both lunch and dinner. This adds a flavorful dimension to the guests' stay, allowing them to savor delicious meals without having to venture far.

For those looking to explore, the apartment's location serves as an ideal base. It is a stone's throw away from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the intriguing House of Leaves, promising a cultural immersion. For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 12 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Tirana Contact Apartment is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the rich culture and beauty of Tirana, wrapped in the comfort of a home-like setting.