---\ntitle: "Tirana AS Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Tirana AS Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515651583.jpg?k=77fc4e83eaafb1707d08168f47e7d8f2f776e2e8bd1b6ea4019727cd6d4e788e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-as-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Kostandin Kristoforidhi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32936775\n  lng: 19.82346004\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515651583.jpg?k=77fc4e83eaafb1707d08168f47e7d8f2f776e2e8bd1b6ea4019727cd6d4e788e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496317307.jpg?k=6743c378b49dca596126b53ced1c830386c32224c152cdf838364c3b9ab91304&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496317398.jpg?k=034f4881803f8e64cdd3e33bb5ec3d1c07eac0a0d6a95286a469f44f4cc81325&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460611144.jpg?k=c32ab25a280156faac028a156de58ce186b6873afb916933683b3f3c98f2eefb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515651649.jpg?k=bab9ebc03db08f512634b07a94de9978189ea11e7b601064d7a34a638501cdcd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496318347.jpg?k=a7aec3e09172edc1b901caba9ff9b3043b084479473150815707f447eea504a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470232760.jpg?k=dd053c2b66123629cc5feeea35fc2db3b128597478ed6f1c03506e71e2fbb483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457629269.jpg?k=4c9780674c03cdf7567082261a7acbdb7c548563d668fc3ac2c54ef65019ab54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515651510.jpg?k=cf9218f41c60b3988d66e0625e17148a217ce54b57eee7a7e97a64b285c3674a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (40 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Torcoletto da Fabio 50 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sissisp"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Perfect location in the city center, close to the main attractions and to many food and drinks options.
The apartment is clean, cozy and comfortable!
The host is really kind, communicative and helped us a lot during our stay.”"\n  - name: "Valery"\n    country: "Colombia"\n    text: "“I love my stay in this apartment, and the owner are so helpful and friendly, sure will back”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location, very clean, very cozy. I would recommend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amals-apartment-in-city-center-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment is equipped with modern amenities, including an air-conditioning system, a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting an oven, ensuring guests feel at home. The inclusion of a dining area and a cozy living room enhances the living experience, making it ideal for both short and long stays. Additionally, the provision of bed linen, towels, and an ironing service underscores the property's commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to explore the city, Tirana AS Apartment 1 is conveniently situated near several popular attractions, including the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the bustling Toptani Shopping Centre, and the prestigious National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. The property's strategic location ensures that guests have the city's best offerings at their fingertips.

Moreover, the apartment facilitates ease of travel with its car rental service, allowing guests to navigate Tirana and its surroundings at their leisure. The non-smoking property also prioritizes guest privacy and convenience with features such as a lift and private check-in and check-out services, complemented by complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises.

Situated 4.4 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana AS Apartment 1 is not just a place to stay but a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and scenic beauty of Tirana.