---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Hideaway"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Hideaway emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424916254.jpg?k=879a0c486bb7c7d86128678b6a6ac9d93917ff50cdfc31280614fd897d533656&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-hideaway\naddress: "Rruga Zenel Baboçi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33256515\n  lng: 19.82130339\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 94\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424916254.jpg?k=879a0c486bb7c7d86128678b6a6ac9d93917ff50cdfc31280614fd897d533656&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519855453.jpg?k=dc9d8dabe4e300f16ec903c466c5115a3932de760efbf15cc98e3bd887ca3439&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519854913.jpg?k=7cf08929b4498cddeb4932ec15d39109176b9d202b15a5ffd50b8335c318edd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425801581.jpg?k=afa6d0093d5817a1d457c3dd44e0a0dab443c19bda6afc256fce20e43a07019a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424916160.jpg?k=a62f3bfa6a161d83c2a9db99fda7fb8cc26014457769fac89b004da8ca90f0f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/424916249.jpg?k=7c7671d24da5cc385b8180ab12a76abbfa1e3f26fcae104d7b169815d0186207&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (98 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 900 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe 100 m"\n  - "Pizza & Kebab Kupa 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Can't fault Elton. He is such a helpful and welcoming host. Great support with check in. Flat is beautifully setup, and the bed is so comfy. Location is ideal, on a quiet back street yet close to the centre. Will stay again”"\n  - name: "Jane&rib"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Wow what a gorgeous apartment! Very modern and luxurious feel. Don't be put off by the outside, it's a little hard to find. Great location, 2 minute walk to lovely coffee shops and 5 minutes to the main square.
We had a warm welcome via messages...”"\n  - name: "Chantal"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Location close to the city center, super modern and clean. Host is super friendly and shared the best tips for things to do/places to eat based on our preference.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/city-center-hideaway.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Tirana Center Hideaway boast air-conditioned rooms with parquet flooring, adding a touch of elegance to the modern traveler's stay. Each unit is well-appointed with a fully equipped kitchen, including a fridge and dining area, ensuring guests feel right at home. Entertainment is readily available through flat-screen TVs equipped with streaming services, and the convenience of a private bathroom with shower and complimentary slippers enhances the overall guest experience. Free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony, perfect for soaking in the city's ambiance.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of bed linen and towels in each apartment, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. For those looking to explore, the property is a stone's throw away from notable attractions such as the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, Clock Tower Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque. The National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, National Museum of History Albania, and Toptani Shopping Centre are also within close proximity, making it effortless for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture and retail therapy.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tirana Center Hideaway facilitates ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. This property not only promises a memorable stay but also serves as a gateway to the vibrant life and history of Tirana, making it a must-visit destination for discerning travelers.