---\ntitle: "Tirana Center Fame House"\ndescription: "Tirana Center Fame House emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373596.jpg?k=92e0cb85d227246b907496c63f9d7dc331f814727a6a50ecf5aeb8987958a1d2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-center-fame-house\naddress: "16 Rruga Sulejman Pasha 18, Bora, 4th floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33043706\n  lng: 19.81621596\nprice: "US$74"\npriceFrom: 74\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373596.jpg?k=92e0cb85d227246b907496c63f9d7dc331f814727a6a50ecf5aeb8987958a1d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373644.jpg?k=32dc4e25939d49310a52d020fd1ab8263734b7be2ac7fec6ae60e951727328a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373681.jpg?k=a81c108c1f7f949e20969c13273e2ae7bb9d655a5acb98afcc0e8f393b592afd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373630.jpg?k=f0b756f7d60c46cf9096c63874ce9ced5e82168d4fd3c5f42f086bfc2d0efa6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373508.jpg?k=28e3507375cf6018ef50216deff87ca2d0f0c7d6e4e836f13ac71d76518c03a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517727981.jpg?k=7113a39a3337867152252a3beec044301b901c6e5f492b965f60b8528aa83fef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373542.jpg?k=dd7f781b8831c9aadf01b1d7037677a4595fa846f3cd5e483d1eb7d72add4777&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373529.jpg?k=5ca0900565bef79967a866827e48c0d4ea83fd901f9b1bdbed1adacd71b3a879&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/501373672.jpg?k=44ba2699d2ac7198f92a52db8e8f92026b988227f0114449e2f977c783479d14&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (41 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.3 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Restorant Motrat Qirriazi 30 m"\n  - "Animus 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 250 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emre"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Everything is amazing, get this place when available you won’t regret”"\n  - name: "Maksym"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Everything was new and functional, and the location was great. The apartment has all you need for both long and short stay. Also, Dajana is a great host, always ready to help. We asked her for the baby's chair and she provided us with it the next...”"\n  - name: "Gopsa"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Aproape de centru, la 2 minute, Aparatamentul foarte ok din toate punctele de vedere”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lovely-2-bedroom-apt-in-the-center-of-tirana-city.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis property excels in providing a serene retreat amidst the city's hustle and bustle, thanks to its spacious layout that includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers tranquil street views. The apartment is equipped with modern conveniences such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, an equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, and two bathrooms featuring walk-in showers. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home-like comfort, making stays here all the more pleasant.

For guests valuing their privacy and peace, Tirana Center Fame House does not disappoint. The apartment boasts soundproofing and a private entrance, ensuring a secluded and uninterrupted experience. Additionally, the convenience of free private parking, an elevator, and complimentary WiFi enhances the overall guest experience.

The vicinity of the apartment is dotted with popular attractions, including the House of Leaves, Clock Tower Tirana, and Et'hem Bey Mosque, inviting guests to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. For those needing essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises serves as a handy resource.

Located 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the property also offers a paid airport shuttle service, adding to the seamless travel experience for guests. Tirana Center Fame House stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that combines the comfort of modern living with the charm of Tirana's vibrant surroundings.