---\ntitle: "Tirana City Rooms - Vatra e Lagjes by Paymán Club"\ndescription: "Tirana City Rooms - Vatra e Lagjes by Paymán Club emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567453.jpg?k=b479d210b61c9e5316e408b3e8c2484f6c0168d015a5eec8581eebcc4cda4d1c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-city-rooms-vatra-e-lagjes-by-paym-n-club\naddress: "15 Rruga Rexhep Jella 15, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3164077\n  lng: 19.7996843\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567453.jpg?k=b479d210b61c9e5316e408b3e8c2484f6c0168d015a5eec8581eebcc4cda4d1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464252731.jpg?k=0d962ec41fb579c5be01a2647b07e65da5da64603dc1b91f76d9a2c4c39291f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567440.jpg?k=24de90f28936ca4348ac9d2b2a72bf9498e2f7008d7f0ffc1f468cf685958841&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567442.jpg?k=13fab45f7d9a2e12d7b1b30a3fa130d6f24207a33b70a3525199198e0d5f2e06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567456.jpg?k=e6fd6e15aca6abdfadaa4a0ff3b924b5f4f66885e32fae3d35655c1937974d5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464252732.jpg?k=2ffced9a69cc1579e826f86181df686b4e6fe826b012a422c5be6932b23523c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567443.jpg?k=bec4c8b26ee2f959cae460bc09ef0577bfe92512e0ccb3eb206ab421ba5baf13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567439.jpg?k=94cb1ae65bd1cd813c08963a01eabc0f60b6c0e6f02f8a952e1103a8d00dbb3f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/343567494.jpg?k=03de423f9e95c00ba645422b75c549c1470b728960d206aba95678429335ca0e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room with Shared Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Shared Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria Firenze 200 m"\n  - "Aromë Deti 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vlad"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The room is at the first floor. It is quite big, two single beds, two big windows, two tables and a wardrobe. I liked that the kitchen was well equipped, even with a kettle, electric stove etc. I had acces to the fridge. The bathroom was clean....”"\n  - name: "Sasanovic"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Cheap and good to get a nice sleep.
Owner very nice!”"\n  - name: "Egor"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“I liked the cosy room: air conditioning, fridge, big bed. I also liked stable wi-fi, bathroom with shower and possibility to switch on electric shaver, polite staff, possibility to cook and use utensils in the kitchen, the ability to use a laptop...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-room-by-payman-club.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world where convenience meets comfort, with each room boasting a private balcony for those serene morning coffees or tranquil evening reflections. The homestay prides itself on providing a seamless stay, offering complimentary WiFi and on-site parking to all guests.

Attention to detail is evident in the well-appointed units, each featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days, alongside a fully equipped kitchenette with an oven, microwave, and kettle. The inclusion of a shower, complimentary toiletries, and a wardrobe further enhances the homestay's appeal, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is convenient.

The allure of Tirana City Rooms extends beyond its rooms. Each unit opens up to a terrace, presenting an outdoor dining area where guests can enjoy meals against the backdrop of captivating city views. The provision of bed linen and towels in all units underscores the homestay's commitment to guest comfort.

Located a mere 2.4 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and within reach of the Rock of Kavaje at 43 km, the homestay positions guests perfectly to explore the rich tapestry of Tirana's history and natural beauty. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 14 km away, making Tirana City Rooms - Vatra e Lagjes by Paymán Club an ideal base for both short stays and longer explorations of Albania's vibrant capital.