---\ntitle: "Tirana Central Apartments - Premium"\ndescription: "Tirana Central Apartments - Premium stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488200065.jpg?k=7a88c7ed1aec684bca92622a14c3d92b27382095519ac134e12f4ad0fd0f077e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-central-apartments-premium\naddress: "1001 Rruga Luigj Gurakuqi 3, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32876143\n  lng: 19.82332965\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 66\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488200065.jpg?k=7a88c7ed1aec684bca92622a14c3d92b27382095519ac134e12f4ad0fd0f077e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488002834.jpg?k=bbb6a76bd2bf4b02e88548df18e9ac1c43e2cc5a388ebd0ac21050962fc0c83c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488200027.jpg?k=71bd97a53144fb26ca0e511c6ec59f2cfc1fff284c8582884042ef4a5ba12430&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488002972.jpg?k=7ebac9e91cdb9513edadc1ea0c698d63589a14902f78ef5969a404adfef720e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488002948.jpg?k=61670afefd2d88be1cac77fd35a47edbacfb61801fe37af42ce2b9de35063bca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488002935.jpg?k=8f1bb8c263d157fb5689d3279efa82e94e24bc1115efe6a6f530500d0fe64d00&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (73 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 600 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Greek snack 10 m"\n  - "Coffee Island 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 350 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Deborah"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Everything about this apartment was incredible! Large and spacious, beautifully furnished, sparkling clean, and prime location. Very easy self check-in thanks to Franko’s super clear instructions - and 10/10 for Franko’s exceptional customer...”"\n  - name: "Ajdini"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Such a great place to stay. Cozy and clean with all facilities.”"\n  - name: "Kristel"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“This is a lovely apartment in the heart of the city, minutes walk from the main square. It’s super comfortable, clean and well designed.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/central-apartment-with-balcony-orchide.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned accommodations that boast a fully equipped kitchen, complete with modern appliances like an oven and a toaster. Each apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring a cable flat-screen TV, ironing facilities, a wardrobe, and a cozy seating area with a sofa. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are equipped with showers and hair dryers, ensuring a comfortable and convenient stay. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout the premises, and select rooms even offer the luxury of a balcony, providing a perfect spot to unwind.

The provision of bed linen and towels in every unit adds a touch of home, making Tirana Central Apartments - Premium an ideal choice for both short and extended stays. For those looking to explore, the property is conveniently located near the Toptani Shopping Centre, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, making it easy for guests to immerse themselves in the local culture.

Located 43 km from the Rock of Kavaje and with the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa, just 14 km away, the property also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring seamless travel arrangements. Whether visiting for business or leisure, Tirana Central Apartments - Premium provides a comfortable and convenient base for exploring all that Tirana has to offer.