---\ntitle: "Tirana Ideal Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Ideal Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433703463.jpg?k=7e2d9e9847bcd189fcbba785588a25b1fbe891bac7d8ca4528038a757ed44d55&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-ideal-apartment\naddress: "Rruga e Dibrës, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34033806\n  lng: 19.82918631\nprice: "US$87"\npriceFrom: 87\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 37\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433703463.jpg?k=7e2d9e9847bcd189fcbba785588a25b1fbe891bac7d8ca4528038a757ed44d55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463691836.jpg?k=49ec8d60b2ec7f32874d986f73868555d1cf2b6c80bc5745fd51a8473f8177fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433703567.jpg?k=6bf17cca9f6139df3abdc9d822c9c1c0894a1de22d4444e6c9fe992f2daa19b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481609142.jpg?k=8cce09110c2d30d219a0255de02bcdf9939c787daf5696e78c47dc3806a5b26d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433703584.jpg?k=f136d8f4ab315599c369489ebfc963398cd91d51bc3dac9cd48bac2a020fd6dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435527675.jpg?k=614ed4456728bb8c3a19feb75a7bff31f359298db107625bd04861a91731f700&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463691978.jpg?k=64652f0517838074a8f2b8375c409fac2bfcc94e3ac4c90a410c48423bce54e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433703572.jpg?k=1a27c616d49a7097264ba138f3f2d6ea842b48db88faff35db2628364d353c07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481609624.jpg?k=95d5e3b4ee9d6ab5f57f0d5b11c725cd8d8a053f842c512084814e3d4f3f338b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon SE Sugar 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Shoqeria 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Katarina"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect and very clean and so beautiful.”"\n  - name: "Eng"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“The pictures are 100% identical to reality. The cleanliness of the place and the modern decorations. You will be welcomed with love by Miss Gerta. You will never regret booking here and you will book again whenever you go to Tirana. Thank you very...”"\n  - name: "Lisette"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Even better than the description suggested- clean, modern and very comfortable. Incredibly helpful host who was super responsive and friendly. Overall can’t find fault with this apartment - we loved it”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-ideal-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment boasts a thoughtful layout, including two well-appointed bedrooms that promise restful nights. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of adventures. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, allows guests the freedom to craft their meals. Additionally, the convenience of a washing machine and the luxury of a bathroom featuring a bidet elevate the living experience. For added comfort, towels and bed linen are meticulously provided, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.

Strategically located, Tirana Ideal Apartment is within proximity to notable landmarks such as the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, making it an ideal base for cultural enthusiasts and shopping aficionados alike. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers.

In essence, Tirana Ideal Apartment stands out as a stellar accommodation choice, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and access to Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions.