---\ntitle: "Tirana Central Rooms"\ndescription: "Tirana Central Rooms emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508348960.jpg?k=19ba226c2447bc9a50a842bc88363f25618a8f6f52b4b2210007299d579e7e11&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-central-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri building nr. 7, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32060679\n  lng: 19.81423552\nprice: "US$63"\npriceFrom: 63\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508348960.jpg?k=19ba226c2447bc9a50a842bc88363f25618a8f6f52b4b2210007299d579e7e11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505994636.jpg?k=e88bf6ccee7de54fd388aee74b1fc932b0ab6e502d3783593b87c7b6711089dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505994645.jpg?k=cb77b1390b0977b21ba0d8d4f20dc4546079c885a43f2477ae35a8dedcc1e706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505994639.jpg?k=6a545ad3a97847094dad2f2791cfd1f56879ac3b2b061d9b3062eefa23c137e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508348289.jpg?k=68d5fe39f87a21cc3139369594627dfbbbb639113b52606cc750e2d82732d4c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508348708.jpg?k=b09cd4f10f4585c894dc36dc5022dea2da730119c3bb786d18aff18592659134&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (451 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Shower"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sakura Sushi 30 m"\n  - "Hayall Et 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Cornelia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing place, very stylish design and cosy, safe and secure, perfect location in central of Tirana. Also very clean and the host was very kind and helpful. Tip, you’ve got to try his coffee just 1 min walk from the place. I would definitely...”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Excellent place to stay . Rooms were very clean and modern . Our host was very friendly & helpful . Would definitely stay here again and recommend to others .”"\n  - name: "Dalidio"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, the apartment was super clean and cozy and the host was great and very friendly.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-central-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to well-appointed accommodations, each featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a kettle, ensuring a stay that marries comfort with convenience. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, equipped with a shower, hair dryer, and complimentary slippers, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience. Select rooms elevate the guest experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering a unique vantage point of the city's bustling life.

The promise of connectivity is fulfilled with free WiFi available throughout the premises, catering to the needs of both leisure and business travelers. The provision of free private parking and an elevator adds layers of ease to the guest experience, while family rooms underscore the guest house's appeal to travelers of all types.

Situated in proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Pyramid of Tirana, and Rinia Park, Tirana Central Rooms serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the city. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, the guest house also offers convenient access for international travelers.

In summary, Tirana Central Rooms stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is crafted to ensure guests enjoy a memorable stay in the vibrant heart of Tirana.