---\ntitle: "Tirana Getaway Apartments"\ndescription: "Tirana Getaway Apartments emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a recent renovation that promises contemporary comfort for its guests."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936920.jpg?k=0269a80b4027104ca13951bc4df1d0adf7d44a5153c77c68ea83f5df0cf17645&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-getaway-apartments\naddress: "87 Rruga Mihal Duri Black Flat, Floor 4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33101472\n  lng: 19.80945621\nprice: "US$52"\npriceFrom: 52\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936920.jpg?k=0269a80b4027104ca13951bc4df1d0adf7d44a5153c77c68ea83f5df0cf17645&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936956.jpg?k=772a704e877f72c3a9904cd1b65e7ee15cb9c302a2b298b99fd5aefb58460d30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936957.jpg?k=2f7f47e82587aebfe6e97b840f62779f538851a7edae32e74293337493e418fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936937.jpg?k=49306be91c4df99f0244d125c1ee5d751c2901b572e6bc7fc71cc92f7894a6f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936954.jpg?k=3bb884a59a46ac4f331872da272098d7fa580d2fbacc1f54bdf32c41e1c1b621&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484936930.jpg?k=8bfc93763c5379d3765f10a9beef9641682984b911dce34c55128cd597c28d69&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Roland 100 m"\n  - "La Cloche Mediterran 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Xhensika"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“This apartment was one of the best we have visited in Tirana, the location is perfect, the apartment is clean, the access to it was easy and the owner was kind and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“We're really glad we chose this apartment for our stay in Tirana. The location was perfect, and everything you need is within walking distance - including supermarkets, the main square, and bars/restaurants. The host was also incredibly...”"\n  - name: "Zarife"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das Appartement ist sehr schön eingerichtet und man hat zwei separate Zimmer und zwei Balkone. Das Bett ist sehr gemütlich. Das Bad ist sauber und neu und es sind genügend Handtücher vorhanden. Trotz der Lage an der Hauptstraße dringt kaum Lärm rein.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-getaway-apartments-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartments stand out with their private balconies, each presenting a captivating view of the city's bustling life. Inside, guests are treated to a suite of amenities including a flat-screen TV, a cozy dining area, and a kitchen that’s both stylish and functional. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where a bidet, slippers, and a hairdryer are standard, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit adds a touch of home.

Strategically positioned, Tirana Getaway Apartments is within easy reach of notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the city's rich history and vibrant culture. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 5.7 km away, offering an adventure into the scenic heights surrounding Tirana.

For guests arriving by air, the convenience is unparalleled with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 13 km away. The property further accommodates travelers with a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a smooth transition from arrival to relaxation.

Tirana Getaway Apartments not only offers a stay but an experience, blending modern amenities with the charm of Tirana’s lively streets, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking both comfort and adventure in Albania’s capital.