---\ntitle: "Tirana Ballet Apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Ballet Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modernity in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899673.jpg?k=959b2151b95b8b1039a7cc14278e92f2b6b0ec0fe634181eea43839d1e483e83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-ballet-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Petro Nini Luarasi, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32567691\n  lng: 19.83033136\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899673.jpg?k=959b2151b95b8b1039a7cc14278e92f2b6b0ec0fe634181eea43839d1e483e83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899721.jpg?k=4fb1f251435e7c1830fed1305dba673d4f740fe67cd0e916007897dc5284db83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899718.jpg?k=e95d6ea3f06a61260ec765c70226f32e8e3a9a6bf4b034e6d69e6cf74b71a8b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899705.jpg?k=df25a5d2fc30ca7be21f7521465cc6799186534214725f03c151c23134c80c74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899720.jpg?k=934f07e72a5832a093789097c1a18dd1ce8bec4581f8a0db759e3bdd101c6a9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498613507.jpg?k=be8870b59ab64c8b4fcd7a5eb48452e1dbb50b76df3bcb2c269e36b253d2dc8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899724.jpg?k=3f1dbd598f3206ab294ac9adb003b84c4239218c32adb94cb79ec58e51bb0974&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899711.jpg?k=60c123bb7a46b22d48e35e2df94dc054e022c367d5bf94098cf27d00f19e0ea2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497899703.jpg?k=4d14594c9c95b215f195f9c7599ffd1b55121444a1572662a69129483e355012&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 10 m"\n  - "Me Gusta 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pornpimol"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“Very friendly owner with good service.
In apartment have everything so you must not buy more, save money.
Clean and comfortable place, good view from balcony. We appreciate this room so much.
Good location, can buy, clothes, food, fruit and...”"\n  - name: "Anila"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Me and my mother we had a very good experience at Tirana Ballet Apartment. The host 'Xheni' it was very clear on her instructions and very good host. The place offers self service, tea, coffees, cooker and fridge and hot water. Very clean in...”"\n  - name: "Adela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a super experience at Tirana Ballet Apartment. Impeccable cleanliness, amazing location, and top-notch facilities. If I'll visit Tirana again, I'll return here for sure.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-ballet-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a comprehensive renovation in 2010, the apartment now boasts contemporary amenities, including air conditioning and complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests enjoy both comfort and connectivity throughout their stay. The commitment to a smoke-free environment further enhances the appeal for health-conscious visitors.

Accommodation in this apartment is generously spacious, featuring a bedroom, a bathroom, and inclusive of essentials such as bed linen and towels. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The presence of a fully equipped kitchen and a dining area offers guests the freedom to prepare and enjoy meals at their leisure. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering city views that can be enjoyed from an outdoor dining setup, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana.

The apartment's proximity to notable attractions such as Saint Paul Cathedral, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana adds to its allure, making it an ideal base for those keen to explore the cultural highlights of the city. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 16 km away, the Tirana Ballet Apartment ensures a seamless experience for both international and domestic travelers, promising a stay that is as convenient as it is comfortable.