---\ntitle: "Tirana country apartment"\ndescription: "Tirana Country Apartment emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506974773.jpg?k=ecf8648b08c107a47ea0dc6539c2ffea58e1d9bbc478eac1a61d16771cc16a14&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-country-apartment\naddress: "Autostrada Tiranë - Elbasan, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.26728056\n  lng: 19.87262289\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506974773.jpg?k=ecf8648b08c107a47ea0dc6539c2ffea58e1d9bbc478eac1a61d16771cc16a14&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503958155.jpg?k=0b365640c977d055ba5a4ba094018846dbaa2f03fd578b8a5fc6a0f917c6dc4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503658755.jpg?k=f20feccfefe1327190066fd0e4ce5fde1fcee1d1a7f4d86ab6f3eaa3896b2ceb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503645974.jpg?k=00368591064bde641f59a0e01564d5927853fcb2813dbae448b82063149bdf66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/506974472.jpg?k=af28ee3c9074f44b7014900ad1a47542d77e24f9090a76440d856e6abd829a94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499464282.jpg?k=6ce463850d144a05ee6633d2b6ae5b234bc50f2c26e7a2d89372e5113ff6e443&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503958247.jpg?k=64a77ba52ad74684abc8ed1f76ba617d469423ec4048fe21bfab64d42cb2a128&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503640563.jpg?k=c783c3267fc48f23f890faf22f811349c26ed822a99a676aadb92f618c810079&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515481970.jpg?k=33fe12fb650b5ebfd6c69914e8b2596ddeae22dcafa93f659b934231f4725bd9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 8 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 8 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 8 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iluminatum Residence 600 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 6 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 7 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 7 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 19 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Davide"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento ampio, accogliente, pulito e fornito di ogni comodità. Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo. Vicino Tirana, ma lontano dal traffico cittadino. Zona tranquilla e strategica, vicina all' uscita dell' autostrada. Proprietari gentili e...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-village-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe interior of the apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of the modern traveler. Guests are treated to a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their own food. The highlight, however, is the terrace that offers breathtaking mountain views, perfect for guests who appreciate nature's beauty. The outdoor dining area and the warmth of the fireplace provide a cozy atmosphere for relaxation, especially during cooler evenings. To enhance the stay, guests are welcomed with complimentary fruits, adding a personal touch to the experience.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises allows guests to easily stock up on essentials without having to leave the comfort of the apartment. Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the additional features such as an outdoor fireplace and a picnic area, ideal for making the most of the picturesque surroundings.

Located strategically, the apartment is a short drive from notable attractions including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 13 km away, and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 10 km from the property. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 23 km away, making Tirana Country Apartment an excellent choice for both short and extended stays in the heart of Albania.