---\ntitle: "Tirana Gallery Apartment - City Center View"\ndescription: "Tirana Gallery Apartment - City Center View emerges as a recently renovated gem, strategically positioned in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483851.jpg?k=20d6678857ccd06ae2382ce63da4afb868714fa1bbc1b0e82b48f7985a08039c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tirana-gallery-apartment-city-center-view\naddress: "Rruga e Barrikadave Galeria, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33115862\n  lng: 19.82024058\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521483851.jpg?k=20d6678857ccd06ae2382ce63da4afb868714fa1bbc1b0e82b48f7985a08039c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521990758.jpg?k=cedfd5f94e1db00f0a22f9434219c620947fa1efd17bbb1665ad2d8d561ef54b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521992114.jpg?k=aef9c231a4ed4f6c45c6a08576f19d1753ad970792f420cac2942e345d834d22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521992193.jpg?k=a59e03bbaa930fda0fdef061b28a0a0b42dc19d6716ed3e55679205abb8820af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521992390.jpg?k=adb66bb22c270bd00b7f280a44d7eb64f0069cf644cdb21722996303f6b91a43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522370720.jpg?k=e511580c8b0d687798b03549066796f50a1d9206cc4d9ebca1cc34ab78df294e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521990635.jpg?k=4817eeb132a8b184c039407110020b1516450360bd36a78a4452ee9676a8bab2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521991965.jpg?k=991cf059df3b88f6180b09a763f77eb7a81b29624a09bbea53a3e755fa452613&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521993212.jpg?k=01e586a060f3e5eed93a65a4c63befbf9763b71e75d743b5818c4781af24d10b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (69 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Elite Hokah Bar 40 m"\n  - "Pizza King (Hallall) 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 350 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klajdi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is perfectly furnished and very comfortable and very clean. It made me feel at home. It has a very beautiful, clean and wide balcony with a view of the center that relaxes you. Perfect for a morning coffee or just to enjoy the view....”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We have a lovely stay in Tirana Gallery apartment. I was very happy we found it and booked it last minute while visiting Tirana. The apartment is very spacious, it has a lot of light, it has a very nice balcony where you can enjoy breathtaking...”"\n  - name: "Leonardo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura pulita, molto ampia, qualità prezzo altissima, personale super disponibile e vicinissima al centro!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tirana-gallery-apartment-city-center-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring two bedrooms, a living room complete with a flat-screen TV, and a balcony that offers breathtaking mountain views. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with modern appliances including a dishwasher and an oven. Comfort is further enhanced by two bathrooms equipped with bidets and bathrobes, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home. The inclusion of air conditioning, a seating area, a washing machine, and an outdoor dining area underscores the property's commitment to providing a seamless living experience.

For those moments of relaxation, the apartment offers access to a sun terrace and a shared lounge area, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience is rounded off with a 24-hour front desk and the availability of free WiFi throughout the property, ensuring guests stay connected and supported at all hours.

Situated near the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and National Gallery of Arts Tirana, the apartment's location makes it an ideal base for guests eager to explore the cultural richness of the city. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 14 km away, Tirana Gallery Apartment - City Center View represents an accessible retreat for travelers seeking comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury in the Albanian capital.