---\ntitle: "Titi's home Velipoje"\ndescription: "Titi's Home Velipoje emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Velipojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254981.jpg?k=7302b6fcbe46d1b9398116ae68e0fdf39a829dfa2c96fb64b752de12f9ca9e93&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: titi-s-home-velipoje\naddress: "Rruga Pulaj, Velipoje, 1000 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.85962346\n  lng: 19.40324842\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254981.jpg?k=7302b6fcbe46d1b9398116ae68e0fdf39a829dfa2c96fb64b752de12f9ca9e93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254976.jpg?k=f7938b0d47c1080dd496824c052d0bd95b4e801312ec7f96218c18f3c39c61e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488123581.jpg?k=0b8797d497e535a0942baf08a3e518e53e131600ce33905ad89c0f932339b69f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254982.jpg?k=27c5f661f09b9c370542939d6642c504b6014e4fab61614773434d23c6e7fa8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254977.jpg?k=2a09160517ff0fa6426e801e44e0c8d6b79e3d1764342afd68599e0785c565b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254979.jpg?k=cedf0161d0c9758accc022422a8585fb74e18c81a974efb79fb9e2c9cb7893de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254972.jpg?k=cc3b8ffe49563e0bf44131e42b84a823f9417aa7ccfa43139060a3626d09e4d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493254974.jpg?k=62678def71133ba126461065930192f3ac5d982715fb44a7b837a8168086fa37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488123451.jpg?k=1b607b09e25271fdc6020853d2daf69a3c85671a9b4a208a670341dfb013eb3a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 18 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Familja 750 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Vllaznia 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 300 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 9 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 10 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 11 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 12 km"\n  - "Tropicana 12 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 13 km"\n  - "Saranda 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 14 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Bardzo dobrze zorganizowany, doskonały internet, dostęp do pralki. Idealny dla rodziny z dziećmi. Nic więcej nie potrzeba. Szybki dostęp do promenady nad morzem”"\n  - name: "Bara"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Alma je velice příjemná hostitelka,nic pro ni není problém,velice pohostinná.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/titis-home-velipoje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis holiday home distinguishes itself with its thoughtful amenities and design. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout that includes two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a well-equipped kitchen, ensuring a stay that feels both luxurious and homely. The inclusion of air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi enhances the comfort and convenience of guests. The property's commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a fresh and healthy stay for all.

One of the highlights of Titi's Home Velipoje is its outdoor spaces. The property boasts a charming terrace and offers captivating garden views, providing an ideal backdrop for relaxation and social gatherings. The added convenience of free private parking and the availability of a balcony further enrich the guest experience.

For those traveling to or from the area, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 83 km away, makes Titi's Home Velipoje an accessible and stress-free choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Titi's Home Velipoje stands out as a welcoming haven that combines the comforts of home with the accessibility and beauty of Velipojë's natural surroundings, making it a must-visit destination for travelers in search of a memorable stay.