---\ntitle: "TOKAapartment"\ndescription: "TOKAapartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854874.jpg?k=e5439ad21ac7bcd1266c975e5f6bf314c8c4ebe4099225223d8bb3ccd82e6a98&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tokaapartment\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32013585\n  lng: 19.81340352\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854874.jpg?k=e5439ad21ac7bcd1266c975e5f6bf314c8c4ebe4099225223d8bb3ccd82e6a98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854914.jpg?k=df409e3193c74dd9756c22a935a4d302d765e27483f3668b5f060cbe7b20b15e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854895.jpg?k=f62f6f3604111d1ed3371057a6ebc05d5e32ad92ee7b540811d12ef9d919f84b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854902.jpg?k=5ee140bd6d58bdbeae258c860e641a7a86b2ef6ca9bd372a677ad1084b0c8f10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854940.jpg?k=cd4375bcb696a1b49292883ca59fc8049edcecdf7a9b98342479921bd024e408&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854926.jpg?k=e27d063f3385964b9addce0d0054bf2c8743becf1b1519a9052a32e2fe5923bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854913.jpg?k=306fd63351592eb7ba1fefcc3d36c78779983e9fee7e1023e87ee202c17c672b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854922.jpg?k=08b36ea90b072e9ee9c3c4282972df117c8078a38e5bbd00b9cea0649870c367&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410854886.jpg?k=8dc3863c1e6802f9860bde5efea3fa45bae8bddee19c2f3ca1d8709efd1b6f45&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Hayall Et 50 m"\n  - "À la Santé 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tainara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Struttura centrale,puoi arrivare a piedi ovunque in centro in 15min,vicino alle discoteche e ai posti più frequentati.”"\n  - name: "Pedroratogoncalves"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“O host é muito amigável e o apartamento está muito bem situado.
Estava limpo e a cama era confortável. Uma excelente opção sem dúvida.”"\n  - name: "Mcristin"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento è in un bellissimo quartiere, ricco di negozi e servizi (nei pressi c'è qualche supermercato che effettua anche apertura h24 quindi comodissimo). Centrale e a piedi facilmente raggiungibile da fermate pullman ecc
Piccolo ma...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-apartment-in-the-heart-of-blloku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis cozy 1-bedroom apartment doesn't skimp on amenities. Guests are greeted with a modern living room, adorned with a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and a fridge, caters to the needs of those who prefer home-cooked meals. The convenience of a private bathroom, complete with a hair dryer, alongside the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the property's attention to guest comfort. Adding to the apartment's charm is a fireplace, ensuring a warm and inviting atmosphere.

For those keen to explore further, TOKAapartment is conveniently located near the Pyramid of Tirana, Rinia Park, and the whimsical Reja - The Cloud installation. Its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 16 km away, further enhances its appeal to both domestic and international travelers.

With complimentary WiFi enveloping the property, guests can stay connected and share their experiences with ease. TOKAapartment stands out as a compelling choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana, offering a blend of strategic location, essential amenities, and a warm, inviting atmosphere.