---\ntitle: "Toka Hotel Restaurant"\ndescription: "Toka Hotel Restaurant emerges as a premier destination for those seeking exceptional hospitality in Pogradec, located a mere 15 km from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429913729.jpg?k=adddc751ca755113eba05d6e6c8861b185366e59b2ebb6ad217f2106cf42ced9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: toka-hotel-restaurant\naddress: "sh3, 7305 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.95506462\n  lng: 20.6423557\nprice: "US$86"\npriceFrom: 86\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 132\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/429913729.jpg?k=adddc751ca755113eba05d6e6c8861b185366e59b2ebb6ad217f2106cf42ced9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475260704.jpg?k=52b491ab20b4ab6a3fdb2bfa7dd8369454d061be1ece9d29069b1f9a451f25b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364811263.jpg?k=01291edca5bdba5ef6ec011d8059d0fff93b32f0033c6d18108b18bae5dbf198&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364811269.jpg?k=5e05bc79b37ea7fbd8e92db8c9d157607c271a1506b5d9a49b4f78c6f0c7bd78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364811267.jpg?k=245a9c20af0740affb654d66d58738052dc67755fdba54f4913d9c881d344459&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475260702.jpg?k=b9c272249b689218f10754b5bda252163df438d3e0ec1013ea009a36f396c2f9&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Pool - outdoor (kids)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Jacuzzi"\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room with Mountain View"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Family Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Rrema 1.3 km"\n  - "Herges 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 10 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 14 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 25 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 77 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 91 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hitrik"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“new, clean, very friendly stuff. amazingly beautiful lake”"\n  - name: "Hens"\n    country: "Latvia"\n    text: "“Nice swimming pool. And place for the kids to play.
Friendly owner.”"\n  - name: "Matthew"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely modern hotel, very friendly staff, good pool, food and service, you need a car (but then that’s true for all of Albania)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/toka-restaurant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Toka Hotel Restaurant are thoughtfully designed, with each room featuring a work desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a comfortable stay. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, enhancing the guest experience. Select rooms also offer the luxury of a balcony, providing a serene space to relax. Comfort is further ensured with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all rooms.

Guests can start their day on a high note with a choice of Continental or Full English/Irish breakfast options, served daily at the hotel. For those looking to explore, the Bay of Bones is within a 29 km reach, and the Cave Church Archangel Michael stands 33 km away, inviting exploration. Conveniently, Ohrid Airport is the nearest, located 38 km from the hotel, making Toka Hotel Restaurant an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking a refined stay in Pogradec.