---\ntitle: "Tola Apartaments"\ndescription: "Tola Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Pogradec, positioned strategically to offer easy access to a plethora of historical and natural attractions."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301841.jpg?k=12da95ed733aa68929cacee42e74736ce77ec6bb679c207227fe050bfc347e3a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tola-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90076413\n  lng: 20.66089276\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301841.jpg?k=12da95ed733aa68929cacee42e74736ce77ec6bb679c207227fe050bfc347e3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301926.jpg?k=3c38cec58b5933ffb99bd222eac86189a4b1355cb528490e0e627782fb0ca3dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301876.jpg?k=747f455ee1e27d0d55b1f0f86aa574f968a089d449918490ae47d2e161193464&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301905.jpg?k=3af1880062de17e81d77a022c72feac8f4487c9f727a4093c82f46cc86f97f45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301872.jpg?k=ade21331cf33fb79f88b192351e54638b53b39e56acefbbbb7688826fbca5c28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475616682.jpg?k=79634fdf63f0ce4cdbf2272fa8a547a1685954561b9d751035ac4bc66c0acdbe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301957.jpg?k=608f691e684d4df4882cc08caae6a5b260e1f54164cbd5bb871e884043fcd25b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449301942.jpg?k=caf05d88487f23c0e225879fb5692e365f02da49bbcb62bf29dce69c6340b405&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485170639.jpg?k=53c6d49f06c13959cf2a7b73705e23677fc76accc9abea14fc3c84fc86cbc3f6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe Pandelis 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 750 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 7 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ilia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We have very nice stay at the apartment.It was very clean and the owner was very nice.I would recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Ardiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nicely furnished, clean, modern, it had everything and brand new! It was located very close to the center, it had a nice view of the lake, and many restaurants and shops nearby. Natalia was a wonderful host!”"\n  - name: "Lorenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very cozy place a few steps from the lakeside promenade, excellent location. Really happy”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tola-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a commendable location, with the enchanting Port Ohrid, the revered Church of St. John at Kaneo, and the mystical Cave Church Archangel Michael all within a 40 km radius. Moreover, the serene Ohrid Lake Springs, a natural marvel, is just 8.3 km away, promising guests an escape into nature's embrace.

Guests at Tola Apartments are treated to a well-appointed living space featuring a single bedroom, a fully equipped kitchenette for those who prefer to whip up their own meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have access to leisure at their fingertips. Emphasizing a healthy living environment, the accommodation maintains a strict non-smoking policy throughout its premises.

For those drawn to spiritual sites, the Monastery Saint Naum is conveniently located just 7.9 km away, while the Saint Nicholas Church stands 18 km from the apartment, inviting guests to explore the rich religious heritage of the area. Tola Apartments is also well-connected, with Ohrid Airport situated 46 km away, facilitating ease of travel for international and domestic visitors.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Tola Apartments presents itself as an exemplary choice for travelers aiming to explore the rich tapestry of Pogradec and its surroundings.