---\ntitle: "TONY"\ndescription: "Tony Hotel stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking both entertainment and comfort in the heart of Shëngjin, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Shëngjin Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491331277.jpg?k=2b37237c1581d6e13682d78fc4ba915d102014d6f154cfeb796933ca028271fe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tony\naddress: "Bulevardi Nënë Tereza, 4503 Shëngjin, Albania"\ncity: "Shëngjin"\nlocation: "Shëngjin"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.80903345\n  lng: 19.59857241\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491331277.jpg?k=2b37237c1581d6e13682d78fc4ba915d102014d6f154cfeb796933ca028271fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504254816.jpg?k=83370039e913e59a25ae499631ef5485dc0619bf11c546fd03854c94f54d1b75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504257226.jpg?k=c9cdcfb2e3da832d8d63ed52035b7e3d8b97c48c91f59424e4ca6fbd31adcdb6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504254817.jpg?k=f6b2e4e87ac47756422699e2f884cc2a6070dab2c3e09b76e54413b17013986b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504257203.jpg?k=240605bfcb950a4372fe0d5e3095ebfd31c2d8827dd94e4a276e12aa4caf5e4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504257221.jpg?k=e65404d2107bd16895e940a9d97ff2e4dcd380fe1628b4895de3db7cc4dda59a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Bella Vita 100 m"\n  - "Il Veliero Ristorante Italiano 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shëngjin Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ylberi Beach 1 km"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Laguna Park Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kune Beach 4.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 43 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 66 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 96 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tony-shengjin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel's commitment to guest comfort is evident in every room, each equipped with air conditioning, a fridge, an oven, a kettle, and a bidet, ensuring a stay that combines convenience with luxury. The inclusion of free toiletries, a wardrobe, and a private bathroom with a shower and hairdryer adds to the thoughtful touches. Moreover, the rooms boast stunning city views, complemented by modern amenities such as a flat-screen TV and bathrobes, creating a haven of relaxation.

For families, the hotel's children's playground offers a safe and enjoyable space for younger guests to play and explore. Meanwhile, adventure enthusiasts will appreciate the hotel's proximity to popular hiking and cycling trails, with car hire services readily available for those looking to venture further afield.

Located just 1.1 km from Ylberi Beach and within easy reach of the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra, Tony Hotel serves as an ideal base for exploring the local area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 48 km away, the hotel is conveniently accessible for international travelers.

In summary, Tony Hotel emerges as a top-tier accommodation choice, blending entertainment, comfort, and convenience to cater to the diverse needs of its guests. Whether seeking adventure in the great outdoors or a relaxing retreat by the sea, visitors to Tony Hotel are guaranteed an unforgettable stay.