---\ntitle: "Top Floor Fafa Premium apartments with elevator"\ndescription: "Top Floor Fafa Premium Apartments elevates the beachfront living experience in Golem, offering guests a prime location just a stone's throw away from Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487641090.jpg?k=a9957c6d524be797b0b4b7aca5eae0104a2d5d586bf86e0d48f7d053d365a8b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: top-floor-fafa-premium-apartments-with-elevator\naddress: "Mali i Robit , Golem golem ,2504, Albania, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.23587177\n  lng: 19.51647625\nprice: "US$112"\npriceFrom: 112\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487641090.jpg?k=a9957c6d524be797b0b4b7aca5eae0104a2d5d586bf86e0d48f7d053d365a8b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467763435.jpg?k=ad70014cdb31fd4530807e940e7f22a84f9c6423034aa060473ec5ea107c9f00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467783264.jpg?k=3c45849365f67d7dfc0edccaff667d6d6c50784c9c2d2b7269aface1241834aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464708970.jpg?k=df92c3b16308f7c2729fe904b8648915ae762af8561ef375f9f431ff0085ed77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467762808.jpg?k=cfb55c6eb42251733b669b9f407c048db08af7d62a2710f337a649a8b847701a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480664420.jpg?k=1eed3dcb45bb5910c5d5b7b340562d5fba401d40272d8646c88ffaa5ec5c8c48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467763357.jpg?k=7fe2ea1d6b7d1899e1aac7c198c3e716448dec0acb05c7fbb9b6c879bebd8355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467782569.jpg?k=b48d024c585b85d5b5eb1a9cddd713d63f70ec417d05849a6c3ac611a8d88091&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471104471.jpg?k=388bc9eef580c71147052fa717f93b9f38c0c90d89815fadc9a8e9e0dc87a2ad&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Te Berti Golem 50 m"\n  - "Ujvara Hotel & Bar Restorant Piceri 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 50 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 700 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 11 km"\n  - "Bekimi 11 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jurgen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious apartment .Friendly host and the best thing was that it was next to the beach..”"\n  - name: "Leart"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very comfortable.
And the best thing was that it was next to the beach.”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Nice and modern apartment with a lot of space.
Location was directly by the beach. I highly recommend to everyone.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/top-floor-fafa-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to a generously sized apartment that boasts a balcony offering views that capture the essence of coastal living. The layout includes two bedrooms and a living room, making it an ideal choice for families or groups seeking both comfort and style. The inclusion of a well-equipped kitchen adds a touch of home, allowing visitors the freedom to prepare their own meals. Entertainment needs are well catered for with a flat-screen TV, ensuring that guests have access to their favorite shows and movies.

Situated a mere 1.2 km from Qerret Beach and closely following at 1.3 km from Golem Beach, the location of Top Floor Fafa Premium Apartments serves as a perfect base for beach enthusiasts looking to explore the area's coastal attractions. For those willing to venture further, Skanderbeg Square is located 47 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich cultural tapestry of the region, while the Rock of Kavaje, just 6 km from the property, presents a unique natural landmark worth visiting.

Accessibility is a breeze with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 42 km away, making the apartments a convenient choice for both domestic and international travelers. The addition of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work.

In summary, Top Floor Fafa Premium Apartments presents a compelling option for those in search of a beachfront retreat that does not compromise on comfort, convenience, or connectivity.