---\ntitle: "Top Hill Villa"\ndescription: "Top Hill Villa stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Paradise Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421584319.jpg?k=3fcbc66118d66c9f9d237cfa4459a06f8823b59fb91817d3e6e5134c0dab1100&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: top-hill-villa\naddress: "Rr. Laberia, Rr Sali Nivica, Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76150829\n  lng: 19.99961402\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421584319.jpg?k=3fcbc66118d66c9f9d237cfa4459a06f8823b59fb91817d3e6e5134c0dab1100&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362086204.jpg?k=716459bec26e2bb751b1541420bfba01cb2255c25d809eb3b223b85e487350f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362086222.jpg?k=8dd5210fcf66cde60382ac22d14d8a9acb27420c09e7ad3bed8b0321609f0948&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362086307.jpg?k=6eb96a2e03eba6fd65bb8eaace96b16e91c6cf06eeafe20ca7b7dc8299797270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362091081.jpg?k=7560821d5d8611bf985f09837ab80aa10fe114b8736917e170f935767e747864&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362086255.jpg?k=04ecebdcb4e641c335be6edbcbcfae158e09a0caf7ec5b0a853a6cf2313ad5a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361072485.jpg?k=4be4be39a891bdf895a27d21fc68c47c72bf88c28b703a958076f4833d10b4b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421584341.jpg?k=f5f77dbc80f161ded8588bb5eb607d16f20b016132add908577fad4bf790a80c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421584344.jpg?k=f64398dd3e52e5ff4c8d1e25b62fcb6259f9c85137f0164867d0ea4033d65077&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 300 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 650 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/top-hill-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nA mere stroll from the property reveals the beauty of Lori Beach and the inviting sands of Ksamil Beach 9, both less than a kilometer away, making it an ideal spot for beach enthusiasts. The villa prides itself on its family-friendly rooms and the added delight of a picnic area, perfect for those leisurely family afternoons.

Each air-conditioned unit is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a fully equipped kitchen for those home-cooked meals, and a balcony to soak in the serene views. Select apartments elevate the experience further with a terrace, inviting guests to enjoy their morning coffee or evening relaxation outdoors. Convenience is key, with every unit featuring a kettle and a desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

For those looking to explore the area at their own pace, Top Hill Villa offers a car rental service, adding a layer of ease to discovering the local sights. The historic Butrint National Park is a short drive away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Situated 92 km from Corfu International Airport, the villa also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free journey to and from the accommodation. Top Hill Villa emerges as a top-tier choice for those seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and exploration in the heart of Ksamil.