---\ntitle: "Toto Boutique Hotel & Apartments"\ndescription: "Toto Boutique Hotel & Apartments emerges as a prime beachfront haven in Vlorë, boasting an enviable location mere steps from Liro Beach and within easy reach of Coco Bongo Beach and the Beach at Government Villas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134285.jpg?k=680f6121fb96798728c099ee00c6a1d99799315f213afc5ff73e6691b50f01f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: toto-boutique-hotel-apartments\naddress: "Rr. \"Sali Vranishti\" Prane plazhit \"KALAJA\", 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41307464\n  lng: 19.48131586\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 313\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134285.jpg?k=680f6121fb96798728c099ee00c6a1d99799315f213afc5ff73e6691b50f01f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463649585.jpg?k=00e4014ef25b5bc00a242675f956d44c8711b186664564b58ddd6c8b941e9583&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134305.jpg?k=6ae070f33db4a81b49f7a9954d62a305afd7d7aa3d62dd2f699614285c112f83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134283.jpg?k=9157c4fadc2aec759b527aabfe9581ae6d1bd13fe1d3c515d0d3bb04737f3cc5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134304.jpg?k=769b20157552f7916ce46d8b6c72d9f42b1468d74c756ba5eb087d624da8aaa7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134215.jpg?k=8431245abaeef61655644ccf63f3c33dd1c79653f5eb390e06dd311e412464dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134221.jpg?k=07d0eb9d237fa03b844f2b2d69111bc724a64e4bfe7fa7dc4e91da64fd51bff5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134286.jpg?k=f9f5516439fcbe6b2db7ff751cb33fe01fb44b79aea58362c554bc6b658e4b36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/312134272.jpg?k=0f9331c2efb9e521831f4d4c49c002f1e01f894fe2b968588e938287b903ee88&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kalaja 50 m"\n  - "Riviera Blu 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Liro Beach 200 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 600 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "Sunny Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "La Playa Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.8 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antoni"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Nicely situated hotel, with clean and spacious apartments. Stunning sea view from the balcony. Big swimming pool. Delicious breakfast in the morning. Owner more than helpful. Really nice fella.”"\n  - name: "Elina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Great view from the balcony, amazingly nice people working at the hotel, nice breakfast, comfy pool. Very clean, spacious rooms, great cappuccino!”"\n  - name: "Mourad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing Room with a great view and super friendly stuff with good recommendation.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/toto-residence-apartments-with-sea-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel is equipped with an array of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every guest. An outdoor swimming pool complemented by a pool bar invites relaxation under the sun, while the fitness center caters to those looking to maintain their workout routine. Additionally, the convenience of an elevator ensures easy access to all facilities.

Accommodations at Toto Boutique Hotel & Apartments are thoughtfully appointed to ensure comfort and convenience. Each unit is air-conditioned and features a flat-screen TV, alongside a private bathroom stocked with a shower and hair dryer. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi throughout their stay, and select rooms boast the added bonus of a terrace. Comfort is further ensured by the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room.

The culinary experience at the hotel is highlighted by a continental breakfast served daily, offering a selection of fruits and cheese to start the day right. An on-site bar provides a cozy spot for evening drinks.

For those eager to explore, sightseeing tours can be easily arranged nearby, offering a glimpse into the local culture and attractions. Notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square are within a short driving distance, making it convenient for guests to discover the rich history of the area.

Situated 157 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Toto Boutique Hotel & Apartments also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless travel experience from arrival to departure. This property stands as a testament to the perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and scenic beauty, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Vlorë.