---\ntitle: "Tourists Home Likaj"\ndescription: "Tourists Home Likaj emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Berat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed accommodations."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304439.jpg?k=6c4f7ed3fdb1db6896362b9837ca987b9e240b630be64bdecffaeae61e45a576&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tourists-home-likaj\naddress: "Rruga 5 Maji, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.69756595\n  lng: 19.96635077\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304439.jpg?k=6c4f7ed3fdb1db6896362b9837ca987b9e240b630be64bdecffaeae61e45a576&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304453.jpg?k=83a73ec2e057ccc31cda60f97a6099385b9810ce773ba75d827de38bae860706&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304358.jpg?k=fdae05cc0d3f8c84d300ca1dbf1ca75d8f62e070065dfaa51b1a7106968652a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304425.jpg?k=074f4d3e19db9aa50e3daa486d15f6692705b94132e730309b6e640d1cc03e56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476939676.jpg?k=474f95305c79a9ec1143b5f4a3e27675c82233a9f889b9826179ec1d97eec80b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304415.jpg?k=f7257e68701856aa83b914a9e35447cacb3f732df94be7f1ceff713052d3c96c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/524874857.jpg?k=3d47b2cfb1a2ad32579e88285d9fcf70747b1e5081e2877932e9edd42b98cf69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466304365.jpg?k=043e4f5d135b35e0d601f5e2e4d92a74795c058aee4ab8ab8999a66c2ef1fcab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497693110.jpg?k=2df9fab08744b51fb4db163bf038491b6325d6cc032b929b019cf2f2413c3f71&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food&Pizza Muçolli 350 m"\n  - "Taverna Ajika 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shirley"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The host family were so thoughtful and helpful. Our car was parked on the property and all ammenities were available and in good condition. The apartment was large, clean and comfortable with plenty of light. Bruna ( a hairdresser), trimmed my...”"\n  - name: "Дмитро"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“It was a perfect experience. The host was very welcoming. The apartment is big and clear. You can find everything necessary. The family of host speaks English well. I forgot my T-shirt, they wrote me about it and back it, I appreciate it. Thanks!”"\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Good location, 10-15min walking from the center. Everything was clean and looks new. Not much noise in the area, there were some cute kittens walking around, and the beds were very comfortable. Everything works. Host was really kind and helpful....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-likaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe villa itself presents a tranquil haven, boasting a balcony that opens up to enchanting garden views. Inside, guests are treated to a cozy setup comprising two bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a toaster, perfect for those who enjoy preparing their meals. The inclusion of a bathroom equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, adds to the villa’s appeal, making it a home away from home. Importantly, the accommodation maintains a non-smoking policy, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests.

One of the villa’s highlights is the opportunity for outdoor dining, allowing guests to enjoy their meals amidst the tranquility of the property’s surroundings. Additionally, the garden offers a peaceful spot for relaxation, inviting guests to unwind in the midst of nature.

Located 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tourists Home Likaj presents an accessible escape for those looking to explore the beauty of Berat while enjoying the comforts of a private villa. This property is an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and convenience in their accommodation.