---\ntitle: "Tradita e Beratit"\ndescription: "Tradita e Beratit stands out as a distinguished 4-star hotel in Berat, offering guests an exceptional stay with its comprehensive amenities and services."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362617866.jpg?k=358594a9902fe9c99dc53e189747bd570ce6c48576daba100a5e5620a11c2b36&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tradita-e-beratit\naddress: "Rruga Stiliano Bandilli, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.702578\n  lng: 19.946019\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 731\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362617866.jpg?k=358594a9902fe9c99dc53e189747bd570ce6c48576daba100a5e5620a11c2b36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362615584.jpg?k=8541f3a4a25dc630e5e2f2e170e627ae783959d8e82dda37a7152a5a50983fdb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362620708.jpg?k=7e6f25d97452d483eb9bcddd3210bc5ecdb54158310fcc511a717ccdf988e84a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449158389.jpg?k=071c364d5e9cb0fc4c558e96db5f1a71efec1e8554351328593fb29901e8db67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/449158156.jpg?k=69b9a38ea454611d66cec344984c7ed34aa19680976d09a851879fe6c1914ae9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362730175.jpg?k=3b8e98d4dd1f4e6aa9dfcf79097215cb515e31e50c58e3e455af7f0a0429ba77&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradita E Beratit - Traditional Food 30 m"\n  - "Zonja Gjene 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Haley"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“beautiful historic family owned property with lots of charm. exterior is beautiful with small courtyards and winding streets. great view of the neighborhood (outside was closed during our stay). very friendly staff (including resident cats) and...”"\n  - name: "Bruss"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Overall great position and value for money. The room was tidy, had a proper AC and was equipped with everything you need. The staff is very friendly and polite. The food was fresh and tasted great.”"\n  - name: "Abla"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Lovely staff, the ladies were kind and gentle and very warm. The room was spacious, super clean and comfortable. Food was delicious and served in a very beautiful way. Highly recommend this place.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tradita-e-beratit-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Cultural Experience"\nbestCategories: "Cultural Experience"\ncategory: "Cultural Experience"\n---\n\nConnectivity is seamless at Tradita e Beratit, with complimentary WiFi available throughout the premises, ensuring guests stay connected with the world or work without interruption. The hotel prides itself on its attentive service, featuring room service for those moments of privacy and a 24-hour front desk ready to assist with any inquiries or needs. For travelers looking to explore the local culture and attractions, the hotel's tour desk and currency exchange service offer convenient solutions for a hassle-free experience.

Each room at Tradita e Beratit is designed with comfort and convenience in mind, equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV for a relaxing stay. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a hairdryer, adding to the thoughtful touches that make a stay here truly comfortable.

Guests can start their day on a high note with a choice of à la carte or continental breakfast options, providing the perfect fuel for a day of exploration or relaxation. 

Located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tradita e Beratit is a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, attentive service, and a peaceful setting in the historic city of Berat.