---\ntitle: "Tranquil Oasis for Two"\ndescription: "Tranquil Oasis for Two emerges as a serene haven in the bustling heart of Tirana, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419024302.jpg?k=dd04de5bde162690fe1660eeb17f0b7c56f0df1017caddf5935316ef027beeb0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tranquil-oasis-for-two\naddress: "Rruga Medar Shtylla Pallati Tirhino B, Ap. 1/3, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31303084\n  lng: 19.80530722\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419024302.jpg?k=dd04de5bde162690fe1660eeb17f0b7c56f0df1017caddf5935316ef027beeb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360777.jpg?k=e65317f6082c43a4dc99f601eeac49e806148278d597ba217b1aceebd120d657&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360848.jpg?k=b16df0c5760895efc5c367d78afc30c87ebbf29f763e962327164ccb0de53abf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360750.jpg?k=cb5156ad304048694a0dbb7914baa925c9ec038e131b1cfce76f8267691ae5bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360810.jpg?k=cd250bea16e001c7f643f8ad273423cc22a6d01cf01a8e46bc70c0f47d0a90e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360872.jpg?k=e6994b3059a962df4b3f8f8bcd27823cbe6bd49abe6d1424a130cfed4f351b00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360712.jpg?k=7ef8211aa7590ffc1c941adbcc15cfb63207414382cb7a27c213d59ef9dc6fb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360856.jpg?k=6c702375423903443d457946fa76e7df8051a5d33a1727bbb4a4f02d4fd21844&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464360742.jpg?k=8737b4728994f5f224ab0c7e6bcf819d628be19021cc32bfc78dbce4993e8665&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (15 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piceri Hot 30 m"\n  - "Grand Cru Classe 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 800 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Eno"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was spacious and very welcoming. The guy that owned the place was waiting for us at the place and introduced us to the room. Everything there was clean and all the needed appliances where there. The location was great with access to...”"\n  - name: "Evis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything. Spotless apartment. Super comfy. Super location. Amazing facilities. Super Great host”"\n  - name: "Evis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The owner was very friendly. The room was very clean and comfy. The location was great, very close to everything. Very close to Bllok the most popular area of the city. Great restauraunts around, great bars.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cozy-guest-bedroom.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on personalized service, featuring private check-in and check-out alongside a currency exchange service, catering to the needs of international travelers. Each apartment is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting a satellite flat-screen TV and a well-equipped kitchenette with an oven, microwave, and toaster. The inclusion of a private bathroom, adorned with bathrobes and slippers, adds a touch of elegance, while the private entrance and round-the-clock security ensure a sense of exclusivity and safety.

For those seeking moments of tranquility, the outdoor fireplace presents an idyllic setting to unwind and reflect. Tranquil Oasis for Two is ideally located, with proximity to cultural landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Rinia Park, inviting guests to explore the rich history and vibrant life of Tirana. Just 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the aparthotel serves as a perfect gateway for both leisure and exploration in this dynamic city.