---\ntitle: "Tranquillity Apartament 1"\ndescription: "Tranquillity Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833267.jpg?k=5258502a40348c1dd52b629410db84c4068ecc7675e5db2594681fa8954158fb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tranquillity-apartament-1\naddress: "Rruga Shyqyri Brari, 1060 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31015655\n  lng: 19.80834046\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833267.jpg?k=5258502a40348c1dd52b629410db84c4068ecc7675e5db2594681fa8954158fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833263.jpg?k=65864b72905fd67bc8fe45e80f9681eeac462a05f2d1249f01c6a18bce7fc19e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833279.jpg?k=b99160847018ead8d123959553ce324f11f75d72b7d27d6386aa31b24b8abddb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833273.jpg?k=a412696e72f5299161c4f010aea73e12cd84061f3a2aa72ba8d16217e7b0d24c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833285.jpg?k=a975dd1d32497ca7d6007758226218b85fb9cd522e4bde3814217b949743cb5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833265.jpg?k=53d502e5b56f2af5dad410c71957707e3f1f9d36694f4abf9afad1ba37a075b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833282.jpg?k=2a0eed228b52bf8170f64b7391b0584b9ff74a46215d46faa6cda9a0cf9b7bdc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833210.jpg?k=f19f6c079922af2002e5e78e442d4c9023e06e90c5fe1b4366dc5c56a0019c2b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438833266.jpg?k=39090841dc9f09b1f3f70e053a61321b7792385ec36ee9d3d1f395e93e49771b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "PastEl 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Gezimi 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.1 km"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olivier"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location, very good communication with the host, who was super helpful and waited for us at the airport after our flight was delayed. The flat had everything we needed (including Netflix!) and the view from the balcony was spectacular....”"\n  - name: "Bitri"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The location was perfect, getting around the city was very easy. The view is wonderful!”"\n  - name: "Megi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I can state that the rating is insufficient for such a
good accommodation and service.
The owners were so interested in us that there are not enough words to describe it.
They took care of everything without getting bored and in great detail. They...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tranquillity-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Tranquillity Apartment 1 are treated to a seamless stay experience, thanks to the inclusion of free WiFi across the premises and the availability of private parking on site. The establishment prides itself on its round-the-clock front desk, ensuring assistance is always at hand, alongside conveniences such as a lift and currency exchange services.

The apartment itself is a spacious retreat, boasting a balcony that invites guests to unwind in privacy. It features a single bedroom, a cozy living room, and a well-equipped kitchen, catering to all the comforts of home. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, and a laundry service adds to the convenience.

For those looking to explore, the apartment is not just a place to stay but a gateway to the local culture and sights. Sightseeing tours can be easily arranged, and for the more adventurous, both bicycle and car rental services are provided, encouraging guests to discover Tirana at their own pace.

Proximity to notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, just 2.1 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, 44 km from the property, positions Tranquillity Apartment 1 as an ideal base for cultural exploration. Additionally, the convenience of a minimarket within the apartment complex ensures that essentials are always within reach.

For those traveling to or from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, the apartment offers a paid shuttle service, making transitions smooth and stress-free.

In summary, Tranquillity Apartment 1 is not just a place to stay; it's a launchpad for experiencing the best of Tirana, offering a blend of home-like comfort and the ease of access to the city's rich tapestry of attractions.