---\ntitle: "TreA Accomodations - Despacito Deluxe Sea View"\ndescription: "TreA Accommodations - Despacito Deluxe Sea View stands as a prime beachfront haven in Vlorë, offering guests an unparalleled blend of convenience and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493847.jpg?k=e433517ede965652f217c1e244a0ad77390c32d29347fa1417f521c7fbd5e5fb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: trea-accomodations-despacito-deluxe-sea-view\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45675218\n  lng: 19.4745747\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493847.jpg?k=e433517ede965652f217c1e244a0ad77390c32d29347fa1417f521c7fbd5e5fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493822.jpg?k=50c6e25720a17fe0a52c9fe0d43680c0fd231fa434140ff2c88680dd2fbcfbaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473833119.jpg?k=ef36fe648587a927e44e4a78f051b1838397d98a1eaafe19ccde424d668e2a4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493887.jpg?k=9dc4b3e34eaa18354a866d58abdee2871679887d67223627907d608d10abd653&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493861.jpg?k=a069d0d6b7debd11d475aed57d5170e3902e7da89663a7e95af306163b6948ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493816.jpg?k=92eaf66f45d542fbe0fd402ce6fedce3204721c77dd301a2261c9866a19e94f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493771.jpg?k=e4d50513610f7842dd5db87f04b7a89bfc1dc1e6af542634e539e126961bbf87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473833122.jpg?k=9d396aeea14b7136f231a218891ec47e318508d40035757611a9756482fcf726&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470493922.jpg?k=6bd37fa30504ee722cd2a9651cc527ad13d2ef28ddbdcb38c85cb688bec7db79&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 150 m"\n  - "Xhelaldo 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 200 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.9 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Justyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“All amazing! Kind, supportive host, waited for our arrival really long. Nice apartment, big balcony, awesome view. Zero problems with anything. Highly recommended, we might come again! :)”"\n  - name: "Maryna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The flat was very clean and tidy. There was everything you need for cooking. Also towels and sheets were included. Everything was great”"\n  - name: "Lucie"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Le logement est situé proche du centre ville, tout est accessible a pieds, il était très propre est très grand.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/trea-accomodations-despacito-deluxe-sea-view.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on a range of guest-focused amenities, including hassle-free private check-in and check-out, an elevator for easy access, and the essential modern-day convenience of complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises. For those looking to explore the area or needing assistance with their travel arrangements, TreA Accommodations provides both airport transfer services and car rental options, adding a layer of ease to your travel plans.

Guests are welcomed into a generously sized apartment that boasts two bedrooms and a bathroom, ensuring ample space for relaxation. The living space is thoughtfully equipped with a flat-screen TV offering streaming services, a dining area for intimate meals, and a fully stocked kitchen for those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked food. The highlight, however, is the balcony that opens up to breathtaking sea views, complemented by an outdoor dining area for guests to savor their meals against the backdrop of the Adriatic Sea.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises caters to the immediate needs of the guests, adding an extra layer of comfort to the stay. Situated within easy reach of notable landmarks such as Independence Square and Kuzum Baba, the property serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë.

TreA Accommodations - Despacito Deluxe Sea View is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the serene beauty and vibrant culture of Albania's coast, all while ensuring the comfort and convenience of its guests. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is 151 km away, making it a manageable distance for international travelers.