---\ntitle: "TreA Accomodations - Suite Lungomare"\ndescription: "TreA Accommodations - Suite Lungomare emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modern amenities in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457088858.jpg?k=45e4472b287ea045991603f57e0888f140843039670f20b2246815331a08d79f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: trea-accomodations-suite-lungomare\naddress: "Rruga Shaban Demiraj, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44848927\n  lng: 19.49440494\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 163\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457088858.jpg?k=45e4472b287ea045991603f57e0888f140843039670f20b2246815331a08d79f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451434365.jpg?k=7ff16856e9cbc8f33305ebc861c6f4c94080ccbc8a213c3192097359f63e99c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357567578.jpg?k=5803205ea4dc6c2bf7cf0a1ee4316764b88647d9c87dc30ace0baeb1e402ee1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457088838.jpg?k=a9e2dea62a0d2b60dfadb0de5aafef5633f7d9bfa93bdf468fff9b89d4cb7fae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459012662.jpg?k=d3962b201690648d7b513d3f5b1bdd842ca864d11e4ec7e1e5a339744d81db8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459012667.jpg?k=e8fd3fdee561b21a58d4e6456947c99f86ac3f386f4df6dc745d3d37394eb757&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Junior Suite with Balcony"\n  - "Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 40 m"\n  - "Patio 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.4 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lina"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Property with really good location, the beach is right at the corner. The flat itself was clean and with nice balcony. Down the flat you have shops and really nice seafood restaurant. The host was super nice and welcoming. Highly recommend !!”"\n  - name: "Kamaljeet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious, clean and modern apartment that’s close to the beach. Thankfully the lift was in full working order 😊”"\n  - name: "Iva"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean and well organised. The location was good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/savi-accomodation-suite-lungomare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments at TreA Accommodations - Suite Lungomare are designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each unit is air-conditioned and boasts a seating area, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen, and a dining area. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with slippers, a shower, and a hairdryer, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home. For added convenience, guests will find a fridge, stovetop, coffee machine, and kettle in their accommodations, along with essential bed linen and towels.

Beyond the well-appointed apartments, TreA Accommodations - Suite Lungomare caters to the needs of its guests with a range of services. The availability of airport transfers and a car rental service facilitates seamless travel arrangements, while the on-site minimarket adds an extra layer of convenience for any last-minute needs or snacks.

For those looking to explore the local area, the apartment complex is conveniently situated near notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, making it an ideal base for discovering the rich history and culture of Vlorë. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located 151 km away, guests can enjoy a tranquil coastal retreat while still being within reach of the airport.

In summary, TreA Accommodations - Suite Lungomare stands out as a top-tier option for visitors to Vlorë, offering a harmonious blend of modern amenities, comfort, and strategic location, promising an unforgettable stay for all who visit.