---\ntitle: "TRIM Apartment l Sea View l Vollga-Durres"\ndescription: "TRIM Apartment | Sea View | Vollga-Durres emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and modernity in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434680441.jpg?k=b5040a8c898d3754b3cbae8f3ade2864475993150a6ccf1044e486728ef37df9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: trim-apartment-l-sea-view-l-vollga-durres\naddress: "Rruga Taulantia, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31188943\n  lng: 19.43608856\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434680441.jpg?k=b5040a8c898d3754b3cbae8f3ade2864475993150a6ccf1044e486728ef37df9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436993757.jpg?k=e4d0d0dc1a4b0a7f0ab580c58beec9375aa41b87c5403244ce13816beca0f619&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434831071.jpg?k=004872b604c70dd195968cdd63a580fb7aca69e26b44345c91ee74d3d981f170&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434831199.jpg?k=0f068a24ccf746d7b19b9ffca7ac563863cdde9613c7f534ce0fcc115645de70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434831414.jpg?k=15df196ce349d8a47f6d8c18a96ce8fb0efc2359e4ba38e31ae6f4fc4ab4c4b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434832321.jpg?k=743a4fa2c19b5bd88b9c93da39939563df4bb54b0d2342a440c58c549ec52a41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434832597.jpg?k=b250458b25329825953426a49b0a21b452c4b506c59c9281998572e4c873d955&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434832569.jpg?k=e4396ec73e662122f24b80b1dd2c03b8c8680a71c6da4b7d0543f657510c1a91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434837078.jpg?k=70bec9aa980a36fa4c2455c2713772a75433a557b2ab1e414c8944e8beacfa6a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Cialda 20 m"\n  - "Fish House 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 100 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 750 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 550 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 750 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.3 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ivanna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Stayed here two weeks. Great location, exiting view. Beautiful seaside and beach. Polite housholder with immediate communication.”"\n  - name: "Małgorzata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Apartment is very modern and has all amenities you can think of. The view is amazing! Perfect location, close to shops, city center, beaches and many restaurants. Wifi was working perfectly and very good contact with nice and helpfull owners.”"\n  - name: "Marcin"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja.Dobry kontakt z właścicielem.Czysto.Przestronne pokoje :) Polecam.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/brand-new-apartment-l-sea-view-l-vollga-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It features air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a bedroom that promises restful nights, and a living room perfect for unwinding. The kitchen is fully equipped, catering to guests' culinary needs with an oven and a coffee machine, while the bathroom comes complete with a bidet and a hair dryer, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily available, and the apartment prides itself on being allergy-free and non-smoking, catering to the well-being of all guests.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, the property offers a range of facilities designed to enhance the stay. The on-site restaurant serves up delightful meals, while the coffee shop is perfect for those morning or afternoon pick-me-ups. A minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are never far away. Additionally, the convenience of private check-in and check-out, coupled with complimentary WiFi throughout, underscores the property's commitment to guest satisfaction.

For those keen to explore the surroundings, TRIM Apartment | Sea View | Vollga-Durres does not disappoint. The area is ripe for activities such as cycling, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the local landscape. Notable attractions within reach include the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, promising adventures a short drive away. Moreover, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 34 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers.

In summary, TRIM Apartment | Sea View | Vollga-Durres stands out as a beacon of modernity, comfort, and convenience, offering an ideal retreat for those looking to experience the best of Durrës. Whether it's the allure of the beaches, the charm of historical sites, or simply the desire for a comfortable stay, this property caters to a wide array of preferences and promises an unforgettable experience.