---\ntitle: "Trip'n'Hostel"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana from a unique vantage point at Trip'n'Hostel, a gem located just a short walk from the city's bustling central square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29160042.jpg?k=6e72268121d851b2b5a77296a962de2f6b91ad7247c9bd9bdb670bc977399c17&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: trip-n-hostel\naddress: "Rr.Musa Maci Nr.1, 1008 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3317695\n  lng: 19.82562304\nprice: "US$17"\npriceFrom: 17\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 262\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29160042.jpg?k=6e72268121d851b2b5a77296a962de2f6b91ad7247c9bd9bdb670bc977399c17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29162619.jpg?k=394f41719e2d799de2c01669c78a42cb6c8164e6597bf6f411fbd1c77b5bb2ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29155753.jpg?k=9ac90bc19a416312eea086cb5db4a2d7156e3a9202fed5f221874f2ba99eee77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/29159828.jpg?k=980c805f8750e4e2ad008837ff8cd9c65cb0cabec82b5780c90c2de200346133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354470982.jpg?k=00ea0f752d658ded717db4b50038a6f4d862dea3c24240b899b1aef62ff63c72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/412930917.jpg?k=2c15ca2997f39b4e3c4aafb0202a550d1cb28c1aeffea8e8f11e1a154ce9e1d0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Bed in 6-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 4-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vinoteke 50 m"\n  - "Vila Lasku 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 550 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mildred_curly"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The hostel staff were friendly and helpful. Its in a great location although could use a sign on the door. It was a very sociable place, as a solo traveller that was really nice to be able to have beer, play cards and hang out with everyone....”"\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Orget and his team deliver a great stay in a great location with a minimum of fuss. Excellent private room with ensuite,. Shower and bed were top notch with breakfast a nice bonus. House cats and tortoises, nice garden and indoor bar....”"\n  - name: "Lucas"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was very good.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/trip-n-hostel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Hostel Experience"\nbestCategories: "Hostel Experience"\ncategory: "Hostel Experience"\n---\n\nThe heart of Trip'n'Hostel is its expansive yard, complete with a barbecue setup for guests looking to enjoy an outdoor meal. The on-site bar and rooftop terrace provide perfect spots for unwinding after a day of exploration, offering panoramic views of the town that are sure to impress.

Accommodations at Trip'n'Hostel are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is air-conditioned and features vibrant decorations, safety lockers for personal belongings, and hardwood floors, ensuring a comfortable stay. The shared bathroom facilities are well-maintained, and there's also a communal kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals.

For those keen on exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, the hostel's location is unbeatable. A mere 500 meters away, guests can discover historic sites, museums, galleries, and the city's oldest mosque, immersing themselves in the local heritage. The Blloku neighborhood, known for its lively nightlife, cafes, and restaurants, is just 2 km from the hostel, offering a taste of Tirana's contemporary scene.

Convenience is key at Trip'n'Hostel, with the Main Bus Station located just 300 meters away, making it easy for guests to navigate the city and beyond. For those flying in, Tirana Airport is a 15 km drive from the hostel. Additionally, bike rentals are available on-site, providing a fun and flexible way to explore the surrounding area.

Trip'n'Hostel stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a comfortable, convenient, and culturally rich stay in Tirana.