---\ntitle: "Tulips Central Apartment in Tirana"\ndescription: "Tulips Central Apartment emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155894.jpg?k=415135b82c17e15ae50f54f24c2f05ea7e756d06fb77d1bc6804b9579ddf87a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: tulips-central-apartment-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Ndoqi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33489006\n  lng: 19.81081136\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155894.jpg?k=415135b82c17e15ae50f54f24c2f05ea7e756d06fb77d1bc6804b9579ddf87a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504164432.jpg?k=f8dd898432b59a8f7163d9b4d74f39e20f583621a98bfa76bf2f50066728f329&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504164381.jpg?k=26efec02d1afadd3135ba885a7a85ccd19ca7780033a8e8a50fa805c172d5eb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504164343.jpg?k=c08580b3bd4404c214ddf9b869659e279c276607162d437b0ae8e3074b21c046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486050647.jpg?k=1b8c4d2468b98c3a4c732f142f6f918562f4d79de6b2077cb7aa55ff170501b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155863.jpg?k=107badd124d67de61006197ebc682b417c4fc563c86435bc5eb18d75964f9f3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155844.jpg?k=330a4d163b0e52d0cd3089ac27b5de7a51bc4388b13a52196e9798ddaaa0628d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504155753.jpg?k=9cc3eaa543d175b92d6a27ecc62f8720cbcfbb4416658e5611ab16a8a8482946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504192424.jpg?k=bae08edc72e32312414d23a308671ae16cae8ebcd70d243f8e6211386f41696a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (105 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Casa del Gusto 100 m"\n  - "Piceri Me Gusto 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 700 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Erion"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The stay was very nice and comfortable. The apartment was clean.The location is perfekt and everything you need is near such as bakery, supermarket, shops,restaurants, coffee shops in every corner also nicht clubs. I recommended”"\n  - name: "Bruna"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cozy apartment, super clean, located in a very good area, walking distance from center and still quiet and relaxing. Bus stop very close. Public parking available. The apartment has all necessary facilities for a comfotable stay. Felt like home!”"\n  - name: "Kostanca"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The location was perfect and close to the city center. Everything was of a high standard, clean and well maintained. Perfect for couples and families.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/tulips-central-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself offers a sanctuary of modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm Tirana days. It includes a bedroom that promises restful nights, a living room designed for relaxation, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and coffee machine for culinary enthusiasts. The bathroom does not skimp on luxury either, offering a walk-in shower and complimentary toiletries. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort, while the private entrance ensures guests' privacy is paramount.

For those looking to venture beyond the apartment, a car rental service is conveniently available, providing easy access to explore further afield. Attractions within easy reach include the House of Leaves, the Clock Tower Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's diverse heritage.

Located just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Tulips Central Apartment stands as an ideal base for both short-term visitors and longer-staying guests, offering all the amenities needed for a memorable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.