---\ntitle: "Turisalba"\ndescription: "Turisalba emerges as a serene oasis in Ishëm, situated a mere 37 km away from the historic Skanderbeg Square, offering a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403403729.jpg?k=3c7fb4fda72be43dc28e46533b9310025b1ab0a15ebb973c0a4fc4b61f622ad7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: turisalba\naddress: "Kertushaj 20, 2015 Ishëm, Albania"\ncity: "Ishëm"\nlocation: "Ishëm"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.53853663\n  lng: 19.58395742\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/403403729.jpg?k=3c7fb4fda72be43dc28e46533b9310025b1ab0a15ebb973c0a4fc4b61f622ad7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433614833.jpg?k=3314d74b35d499fe45b0ba620ea98b569f5af4aba4ba77a75fc9f581e1da2d25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471835036.jpg?k=1009149caa764abc60559bd612a13e4fb1eba772aee498a42b5a5658c75c972a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520171274.jpg?k=c17f5328128d5940444f0f3ac2388e322ea44c866347bf988ea8e4e4a9f6c48f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521388735.jpg?k=b513967adac9d41f7a14c36e3a8ff8e41caebb00226fbe3f1aeb33a4b435ae75&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526920579.jpg?k=9dc469a32e3e6553a2ebcf7a5ce7c90086f52b338199b818d40f3ca816ffc0b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520162327.jpg?k=ef453ddcbff5957960a972d16e2b1933231038601dd46a72f2634504e5a21145&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/521388527.jpg?k=071417a22648bc4fcff7997c3fabdf45ebbb4dc024f0e20c0fd557218c8b0210&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520171603.jpg?k=a6efa9358896870b1dc923e968e99cca4cfb0687c21d56b77d5d5dce64b5f6fb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Pasticeri Vittoria 4.4 km"\n  - "Fish Land 5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 16 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 94 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yves"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“This was our last night in Albania and we would loved to stay longer at this place. The location is beautiful with mountain views and close by the sea. The family is really nice and helpful and we had a great dinner and lovely breakfast. Their...”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Everything exceeded our expectations; breakfast, dinner, the location, wine, the hosts, the room. Everything was perfect!”"\n  - name: "Teresa"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Artur and Aida were the most welcoming hosts! We felt at home from the moment we arrived. If you have the chance, please try their food! We ended up having breakfast, lunch and dinner and every meal was excellent, and so was their homemade wine...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turisalba.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a prime location, with easy access to notable landmarks such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 41 km away, and the enigmatic Rock of Kavaje, a further 48 km distance. Guests seeking a glimpse into Albania's rich history will find the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the House of Leaves, each 37 km from Turisalba, adding a layer of cultural exploration to their stay.

Turisalba doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides an experience. Each guest unit is meticulously designed with a private bathroom, ensuring privacy and comfort. The accommodation doesn’t stop at just offering a place to rest; it invites guests to unwind in the hot tub, stay connected with free WiFi available throughout the property, and enjoy the convenience of family rooms, making it an ideal choice for travelers of all types.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, the National Museum of History Albania is also 37 km away, offering a deep dive into the country's past. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa, is conveniently 19 km from the property, with Turisalba offering a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless travel experience.

Turisalba stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is crafted to enhance the guest experience, making it a highly recommended stay for those venturing into the heart of Albania.