---\ntitle: "Turquoise Apartaments"\ndescription: "Turquoise Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673110.jpg?k=2c289daa98d8fa17274a4ef0a3630677cfcb4b07c70b2275d901c0c0786322b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: turquoise-apartaments\naddress: "Rruga e Durrësit, 1004 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33033447\n  lng: 19.81267872\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673110.jpg?k=2c289daa98d8fa17274a4ef0a3630677cfcb4b07c70b2275d901c0c0786322b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673221.jpg?k=ff6ff0fd8136a79246f55cbb684685684594bbb186dd1954220ae6dd7275a873&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673178.jpg?k=2851e6358c74cecda7a51f652cee0450f812429b18afda49ce90ed77eb1d0bfa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673149.jpg?k=e1777a517499bee12c8f2e9d6deef461eea2010acbe53433307fd4f0c49bc5d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673169.jpg?k=7124c93a4a39e88105ecc8c27dccd567e8440d86f43326893ebb9cad62855944&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406009416.jpg?k=a10747d79df3a42b856edcd68717b87c4ed1dde0192f50c809e35cb525d620ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673160.jpg?k=519c6ee4793d570fd3f4249077cc89b4d7a9c6e5a4b79e9ebfea4ee0bb87d515&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433344184.jpg?k=c67045aaa85891d106d54dbc6b1c7ea0102060251ee4ac99716082b6988a2488&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368673154.jpg?k=b820b7e329e0874f295bb3427bf02980bffa1ceeae87fd4184d1dbab3814cf69&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasticeri Lika 20 m"\n  - "Melbourne Bar 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A large and clean apartment in a great location - a few minutes to the center and a supermarket right next to it. Great contact with the owner, who also provided a lot of information about the city :)”"\n  - name: "X"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was 10/10, very friendly and extremely helpful.
Had an amazing time!”"\n  - name: "Mitchell"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This is our second stay at the Turquoise apartments through our travels. Brian’s reception when handing over the keys is so friendly and the apartment is presented so well. The shower is hot, air conditioning cold (we stayed in summer), wifi...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turquoise-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests at Turquoise Apartments are treated to air-conditioned rooms that boast not only comfort but also the convenience of free WiFi and express check-in and check-out services. The proximity to major attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 5.6 km away and the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just 1.3 km distant, positions guests perfectly for exploring Tirana's historical and natural wonders.

The accommodations themselves are thoughtfully designed with travelers' needs in mind. Each unit is equipped with a cozy sofa, a welcoming seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for those moments of relaxation. The well-appointed kitchen, featuring an oven, fridge, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, while the inclusion of a safety deposit box, private bathroom with slippers, and complimentary bed linen and towels adds an extra layer of comfort and security.

For those looking to venture beyond, Turquoise Apartments offers convenient airport transfers and car rental services, ensuring that every aspect of the Tirana experience is within easy reach. Notable nearby attractions include the House of Leaves, the National Museum of History Albania, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for cultural exploration.

Situated a mere 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Turquoise Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for both short visits and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.