---\ntitle: "Turqoise Flat in City Center with 24H Self Check In"\ndescription: "Turquoise Flat stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana, offering a seamless blend of modern amenities and prime location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614186.jpg?k=97370f25da965d2e869780fb2d09f9a5ed4563b378a0c66e5f740dab5695056e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: turqoise-flat-in-city-center-with-24h-self-check-in\naddress: "Rruga Vangjush Furxhi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32467222\n  lng: 19.81231173\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614186.jpg?k=97370f25da965d2e869780fb2d09f9a5ed4563b378a0c66e5f740dab5695056e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614238.jpg?k=d1b410e6a13fe43c86197c26d30b3efe446b8216ea72ca14743794d572e46fa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614243.jpg?k=b39fe106efbfc27d88c4291a3a49608c4ba1cf3d0a7b1e48fffd995bd51e8e5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614211.jpg?k=9b2972ac23b30f0a959cf1f6514cf17ffa505152506acbad1affc1135aa2df61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614257.jpg?k=c28e61c5973bc52d8ce607122f0ff77ef8fc23099b32fd8d064bcc2d8aeb8b17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614247.jpg?k=9a668243941f8c2687ca5135914ac884c7691d18eecc0c13c521df229793560f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614229.jpg?k=4c409da344750d0c06ff1dd653393d8e87ad5d24742b07c307b329cd5eac9606&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614226.jpg?k=059f6a510603deae2874ac196468031225b9ceec3e3051bb46eb6ddb3cbfa185&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505614213.jpg?k=38741ce59cbe1b01fe6f14cc3c4616a24ee1ab38ddf1ff97ba9017d5f77212e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rio Bar 30 m"\n  - "East End West Come and Taste 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 600 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turqoise-flat-in-city-center-with-24h-self-check-in.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment doesn't just offer a place to stay; it provides a home away from home. Guests are greeted with a spacious layout featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for relaxation and privacy. The living area, adorned with a flat-screen TV, invites guests to unwind after a day of exploration. A fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, caters to the culinary needs of guests, whether they're crafting a quick breakfast or a sumptuous dinner. The inclusion of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience, making for a hassle-free stay.

The apartment's balcony presents breathtaking views of both the city's vibrant life and the serene mountains, offering a perfect backdrop for morning coffees or evening reflections. An outdoor dining area further enhances the living experience, allowing guests to savor their meals amidst the beauty of Tirana.

For those keen to delve into the local culture, Turquoise Flat is ideally located near several of Tirana's most beloved landmarks. Rinia Park, the Clock Tower of Tirana, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque are all within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the city's rich history and vibrant community life. Moreover, with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, access to and from this urban oasis is effortlessly convenient.

Turquoise Flat in City Center with 24H Self Check In emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion in the heart of Tirana.