---\ntitle: "Turtle Apartment"\ndescription: "Turtle Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the serene Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307383590.jpg?k=a43dd1e4de2e9961e69a48f0585420a2c36eebfdf99c72859155c6281d9bfe65&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: turtle-apartment\naddress: "Rr. Porta e Detit 17. Ap. 20. , 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30095123\n  lng: 19.49609271\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 105\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307383590.jpg?k=a43dd1e4de2e9961e69a48f0585420a2c36eebfdf99c72859155c6281d9bfe65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180139879.jpg?k=e2f3578157cf642b32fad94aa5c89fffc66382ef785104196d49111075ea6c16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180161403.jpg?k=b079915a38e70a8753cd027422f72270c8a88d106265162f32a4d7df8ad3d1a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/184404419.jpg?k=938cdd450853128d3006d56f3e9e9a1af83f47505597fb0b5ec90e96c4766d9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442324969.jpg?k=e08119de690380e593f19169e82ac85008ecf6f1d9720a2b83868ebc912bb3e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/182949263.jpg?k=ab71e2bddc05c827a7f17dec73d41f6e40ed8c00d657664ee1bccb0e2ab0272e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/182258267.jpg?k=7f37b036efe4c25db4055eaeb2655e97e32d08fe626bb7d3c36064a5eb0bb5c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176747910.jpg?k=f51df403326fc5c74643397d3202698006e3c9d44dda5ab7628eeab6306b55a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/307385500.jpg?k=645e2dd1e12b0284d5992c43f12a3c4b26bbf51834b7b86021c5e82323f17870&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "M"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very comfortable apartments . Close to the beach ⛱️ and markets. You will have all you need for your vacation. Friendly owner will help you in any problem. You also can ask for transfer from airport. Fantastic terrace! Balcony! I recommend this...”"\n  - name: "Iztok"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Super location on the Beach. Markets, restaurants nearby, also the bus station to Durrës City center.
Friendly owner, well English speaker, giving all necesary information. Big sea view terrace! Recomended also for Family with small children.”"\n  - name: "Nazim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A beach front property and conveniently located in a tourist hotspot. There are nice restaurants, amenities and local shops.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/turtle-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe family-friendly nature of Turtle Apartment is highlighted by its spacious family rooms and a dedicated picnic area, designed for memorable moments under the sun. Each apartment is a haven of relaxation, featuring balconies with sweeping sea views, cozy seating areas for unwinding, and flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathroom with a walk-in shower and complimentary slippers adds a touch of luxury to the stay. For added convenience, all units are supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Adventure seekers and nature enthusiasts will find Turtle Apartment's location ideal, with opportunities for fishing just moments away and a lush garden on-site for a tranquil retreat. For those looking to explore further, Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach is a mere 2.8 km away, offering another picturesque spot for relaxation and leisure.

Situated 39 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Turtle Apartment not only promises a scenic getaway but also ensures ease of travel with its paid airport shuttle service. This accommodation is a top pick for those desiring a blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and convenience on their next vacation.