---\ntitle: "Twins Apartment"\ndescription: "Twins Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Përmet."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489542169.jpg?k=259eec72fef900214c04db327307b8810d64c87e7fb635b9091644e1f58ad30e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: twins-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Vasil Laska Permet, Albania 1, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.22768671\n  lng: 20.35659506\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 22\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489542169.jpg?k=259eec72fef900214c04db327307b8810d64c87e7fb635b9091644e1f58ad30e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490692425.jpg?k=7aed7455dd0ab4dcffcd316a15bac0fd1274b87a386988d5207176a912c791c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487658311.jpg?k=0cd26c30e24223617f6b04fc02ca8801f01a37370e337b89a79ad91d6a6765ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488410345.jpg?k=09cc8d686a947016e4e93809322670df5cfbadb5a04350c5b8ff0bd37efd7651&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487658327.jpg?k=dbd88f2f3b984e2da35b9fb036791e30908db97e49db29057ff7a7cb4bdb5e88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489446687.jpg?k=072ae0055cbc4cf896fe061e523b6bfb3d6524f7e177e242b647ba973b81b65b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Relax 300 m"\n  - "Sky 450 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 78 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The apartment was the nicest I had in Albania.
It was very new, practical, very clean, and functional. Everything worked perfectly, the bathroom, the aircon heating, comfortable beds.
Additionally, it had a washing machine, and the kitchen was...”"\n  - name: "Jolyane"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Elison and his wife Edjola (I didn't meet her, but we spoke by message and she was REALLY helpful) were very nice and friendly. Elison helped us with the bus and the furgons to get where we needed to go, he even drove us to the place where the...”"\n  - name: "Jorin"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very friendly hosts. Everything was clean and new, very spacious.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/twins-apartment-permet.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Twins Apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to families and groups, featuring spacious family rooms. Guests are treated to a cozy patio that boasts breathtaking mountain views, perfect for those moments of reflection or a quiet morning coffee. The living space is equipped with a cable flat-screen TV, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with an oven, toaster, fridge, stovetop, and all necessary kitchenware, complemented by a kettle for those tea or coffee breaks. The private bathroom comes with a walk-in shower and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. For added convenience, each unit is supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

Located 90 km from Ioannina Airport, Twins Apartment offers a blend of accessibility and seclusion, making it an ideal base for exploring the region or simply unwinding in the comfort of your apartment.