---\ntitle: "Twins Hotel"\ndescription: "Twins Hotel emerges as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Lori Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478612.jpg?k=ea3081235873882ab2f6c676b84cd5efc5c754df8961fda9c33d639c044734a5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: twins-hotel\naddress: "Laberia, Ksamil, Albania 22, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76304209\n  lng: 20.00022104\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 93\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478612.jpg?k=ea3081235873882ab2f6c676b84cd5efc5c754df8961fda9c33d639c044734a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478684.jpg?k=8d61a3a6b7a6cd29f9746c1a04278d8453927459830911b7e6e16ad1819d6334&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478701.jpg?k=0ced45d397d06ca75465b384958c8212574710206ac9506b6575c6b2c3db3eec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478688.jpg?k=4c9e6bf82530518cc680c1122d17cfc1cf2dae74ab0d19289cb8a5649d1121f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478722.jpg?k=7043be000c1ef0bf59c902d629754b375bc1d8b4d906365309ba6bf81e284ab4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478618.jpg?k=7d2dfecefa9ba97326ee7ae28df5b05d73098c3c0faf59f22e2812ba6b6850b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478627.jpg?k=4dedacb5eed912b554bcc32a56ef76aa2b4bece81c2c57b30989047a1bdb1926&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478648.jpg?k=5b1b9bd2fdc7469b7f746a850894a8560712210112dc9ffec11f1afa2d3e792f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478597.jpg?k=6fd0d1e84304c6140ac4a67064250b8ed1910a023fb3f5fa95a5a3eaf0d7ff1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478621.jpg?k=8de0eccde8ca638b1369a222ac7ac668e2b586b0041896a0b3566f2e64baecac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478608.jpg?k=f24ff4163752df7691cc8490a82d65b8612ce6b3e9a31819c5952b0be4b5838c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373478615.jpg?k=18b12c2b82ae720b647951223f4854e42504d93cbf1baabf0266b6aa6245bb02&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (37 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 150 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 550 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alexandra"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“I liked that it was all clean, new, smelling nice. The hosts were extremely attentive and polite and they ensured we had a great staying. It was close to the center and great grill restaurant near. They also had parking area.”"\n  - name: "Tasheva"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The best hospitality & most wonderful people you'll meet. Strongly recommend.”"\n  - name: "Artan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location, super clean room , spacious, a nice balcony overseeing hills of beautiful Ksamil. Super friendly staff.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ermand-apartament.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Twins Hotel are thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts including air conditioning, satellite flat-screen TVs, refrigerators, and coffee machines, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where guests will find complimentary toiletries, bidets, and hair dryers, alongside the convenience of private terraces. These terraces not only provide an outdoor dining area but also boast breathtaking mountain views, adding a touch of serenity to the morning coffee or evening unwind.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are invited to enjoy the tranquility of the hotel's garden, a perfect spot for relaxation or contemplation. The property also features a picnic area, ideal for families or groups looking to enjoy a meal under the open sky.

For those eager to explore beyond the hotel, Ksamil Beach 9 is within easy reach, located just 700 meters away, offering another spot for sun, sea, and sand. Additionally, the historical allure of Butrint National Park is a mere 2.8 km from the hotel, promising a blend of natural beauty and ancient history. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 92 km from Twins Hotel, making it a convenient option for those flying in.

In summary, Twins Hotel stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to ensure guests' comfort and satisfaction. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and serene atmosphere, it presents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.