---\ntitle: "Twins Villa"\ndescription: "Twins Villa emerges as a serene retreat, located just a short stroll from the pristine Pasqyra Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476668958.jpg?k=07a86043ab8f5bc59664ed12ea6865ee351cb60da723f1238df5862abdb779d2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: twins-villa\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Pasqyra, Manastir, 9706 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.80473404\n  lng: 20.00882978\nprice: "US$160"\npriceFrom: 160\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476668958.jpg?k=07a86043ab8f5bc59664ed12ea6865ee351cb60da723f1238df5862abdb779d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519488916.jpg?k=90669792a1f9b06b24205b2e21ce59dbc9e0e9188eae880b0a3cdded67bdd115&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476668166.jpg?k=0f18745548d713753ce30a6d1c2d8030d7168909c1f47d8b3e39702e8e02b2e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476667911.jpg?k=239431a9b141ff3f69282132ac05e64d575881bd6db94f8b664bf50bae897eae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519487491.jpg?k=ac7be67c836410e63e5c75c7796ed09842f16e02845d16b242a29f6f8950f48d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/519489514.jpg?k=8ffc25a3df04bf72d0077862ea3bf75747b39bf7444abaef78486aae4ce86b73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasqyra 300 m"\n  - "Panorama Eni 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Pasqyra Beach 300 m"\n  - "Pulebardha Beach 750 m"\n  - "Manastir Beach 900 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 1 1.4 km"\n  - "Sunset Beach 2.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 850 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 4.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 23 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irene"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Most beautiful view and silent place. Lovely to sleep silence (in the city of Ksamil a lot of dogs barking and noise). In the morning goats and sheep come by the villa, so nice and fun to see. Lovely pool and clean. Villa is perfect for family or...”"\n  - name: "Guido"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very good location, clean, nice swimming pool. I would recommend this location.”"\n  - name: "Ramon"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Very modern villa with a very nice pool and views.
The garden with the pool is perfect to see a nice spot.
The host was helpful and friendly!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/night-star-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that blend comfort with convenience, featuring balconies that offer a breath of fresh air. The promise of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the allure, ensuring a hassle-free stay. Each apartment is a haven of relaxation, boasting a terrace for intimate outdoor moments, a fully equipped kitchen ready to cater to culinary adventures, a cozy seating area for unwinding, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a washing machine for longer stays. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, complete with bidets and slippers, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. For those needing to stay connected or work remotely, a desk in every unit provides the perfect workspace.

Located 98 km from the convenience of Corfu International Airport, Twins Villa stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, comfort, and accessibility to some of the area's most enchanting beaches and historical sites.