---\ntitle: "Two steps apartments 4"\ndescription: "Two Steps Apartments 4 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the comfort of home in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337014.jpg?k=9eb54cd88430ae86b587e3b6cb517aeacf25a683e12751921d200ebe89cc8fa5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: two-steps-apartments-4\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj building nr 60, entry nr 7, app nr 26, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33366321\n  lng: 19.82482758\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337014.jpg?k=9eb54cd88430ae86b587e3b6cb517aeacf25a683e12751921d200ebe89cc8fa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337024.jpg?k=3efca200de401a61e8bbaed9eaa611a40e71c4e011ab99a624c7d3768f4968ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337055.jpg?k=0d0a753c13a062fdb446e3476e58cd2314ba7784448071239d3c032d24ec3dcb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411336908.jpg?k=676a3b9c9e46932103555d2d1e65cc485fee01061678f2df85595125b793038a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337052.jpg?k=6ae21fa69fdf2796d88c5828093bd58c22984c77a579286ae729205a9045225f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411336861.jpg?k=ba766cfb4aae73cdc0be3c3b7d754f9d133e91a0f9047e9c7579556123d3fbc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411337036.jpg?k=edd770acdcfdf2523bcec624e9863f1e9a7183cf74029b9b90ef87a849d9c5d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411336645.jpg?k=72fe820f32d2dabe3ccd5bfffb01ab401831e9015a5a410b465150a5ee14994f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411336710.jpg?k=b132887821fc709090ee1af01f4a7d9e34f49285099e280951d0ef46a4558950&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Saliaga"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was wonderful. It was very stylish and everything was of a high quality. The bed was very comfortable. You could find everything you need in a home. The location was very convenient, it was very close to the city center and the...”"\n  - name: "Turk"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“الشقة جميلة جدا و نظيفة. و صاحب الشقة امين و لطيف.”"\n  - name: "Arnaldo"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Nice, modern and clean apartment. Located very clpse to Skanderberg in the center. Very friendly and fast response from Marsela”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/two-steps-apartments-4.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe interior of the apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts a spacious layout with one bedroom, making it ideal for both solo adventurers and couples. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The kitchen is fully equipped with a microwave, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of convenience to the stay. Emphasizing comfort, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

Located in proximity to notable landmarks such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, guests are perfectly positioned to immerse themselves in the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. For those traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a mere 14 km away, making Two Steps Apartments 4 an accessible haven for international and domestic travelers alike.