---\ntitle: "Two Steps Apartments 1"\ndescription: "Two Steps Apartments 1 emerges as a modern haven for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411131148.jpg?k=784ae9acf6ce62f2f67dcced40cbd9af0a7e35603edc4c59dbda1a4d32513757&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: two-steps-apartments-1\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj in front of \"Partizani high school, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3337166\n  lng: 19.82484124\nprice: "US$72"\npriceFrom: 72\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411131148.jpg?k=784ae9acf6ce62f2f67dcced40cbd9af0a7e35603edc4c59dbda1a4d32513757&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456652589.jpg?k=a7b763e6ed0ccf1ffd60e6ceb8c8ef2f31d6522c8b4876c745b9917dbdc2fb28&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456652642.jpg?k=bd1cae4339728b1e951447be07c535655bf36d8dc254af79938446684e88fb5f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456715762.jpg?k=14b1cde89f59cdf8330693242c3f261bf0b3847d7ee818698a093a554bd2cace&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456652435.jpg?k=dfebd6482234f4b80c6b72fd578c7f82810e68b693cb5de5c31a7f202e9209cc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456652440.jpg?k=88839c9c2b33072e612858f4d0d251b74e8c2347b150695af7cb14c3fbf4a372&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Urus"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very 👌 !!!! Comfortable and relaxing apartment! All was ⭐️🌟”"\n  - name: "Angelina"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Hospitality by the host was fantastic. We really enjoyed the convenience of staying in the city centre. The apartment had all we needed for a long weekend.”"\n  - name: "Kaltrina"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The whole apartment facilities very well concepted, very clean and with all the necessary things, very very helpful and kind host, the location and most amazingly, the views!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/two-steps-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Two Steps Apartments 1 are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each apartment is a fully equipped sanctuary featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The inclusion of a kitchen, dining area, and essential appliances like a microwave, toaster, fridge, coffee machine, and kettle ensures that guests have everything they need for a comfortable stay. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are outfitted with a bidet, complimentary slippers, and a hair dryer, enhancing the feeling of a home away from home.

For those interested in exploring Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, Two Steps Apartments 1 is ideally situated. The property is within easy reach of the National Museum of History Albania, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the historic Tanners' Bridge, making it a perfect base for guests eager to discover the city's attractions. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 14 km away, adds to the convenience for international travelers.

With its blend of thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and commitment to guest comfort, Two Steps Apartments 1 is a standout choice for those looking to experience the vibrant city of Tirana. Whether visiting for leisure or business, guests will find these apartments to be a welcoming and well-appointed retreat.