---\ntitle: "Two steps apartments 2"\ndescription: "Two Steps Apartments 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222795.jpg?k=1e29050cae4d62217330743b446768cab9473ae49f670d7f6d6c69a3ee30d289&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: two-steps-apartments-2\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj building nr 60, entry nr 7, apartment nr 24, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33366384\n  lng: 19.82483027\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222795.jpg?k=1e29050cae4d62217330743b446768cab9473ae49f670d7f6d6c69a3ee30d289&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222949.jpg?k=8db32b76d2a61f49f7b19b9ec770495021b0b01c7b550230ddfebd35396a591b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222965.jpg?k=e195b6369bda86bbd8f2e9cdc608bfdc5d05af96d0c9ad4fa4fc99a7435509d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222725.jpg?k=abbb4d50aaadcaaeff4c4a16acaee10fda8d962d181b0ede7b84c7b0d45c053d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222778.jpg?k=3257790e7c96e04e55291fda4448886f134cf0e444e4cc2e71fda6fd7f0916b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411223084.jpg?k=833e44e5b06f8de733d9e5679c2934af041802407226368a29686f852b8fb1ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411223220.jpg?k=a1eba26d955f84acc6ec158a8df0a06a7931fe6850f2a5e7a5566b22016293fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411223162.jpg?k=30f54ac9739187cda93921458afa93ea092d6d2700dc0bd494f9129692497583&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411222593.jpg?k=179c994cd58f4149a4a440853a734a24366cceac636f3cc882c70355f1b040ae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment is beautiful and the host was so lovely and helpful”"\n  - name: "Saleh"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“من افضل الشقق في تيرانا كلها شقه مودرن كل شي فيها خيال نظافه وديكور وتعامل المضيف لو رجعت لتيرانا مره آخر ان شاءالله راح أخذها ولا اتردد مميزه من كل النواحي”"\n  - name: "Erika"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto bellissimo, pulito, accogliente, ordinato. Spazi perfetti per una coppia. Due tv grandi sia in cucina che in camera, cucina molto moderna, bagno anche. bellissimo.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/two-steps-apartments-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nLocated a mere stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, less than 1 kilometer to be precise, this property stands out for its commitment to a smoke-free environment, catering to the health and well-being of its guests. The apartment itself is a blend of modernity and comfort, featuring a well-equipped kitchen with a microwave and toaster, a cozy seating area, and a bathroom equipped with a bath. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, alongside complimentary towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience factor, making it a home away from home.

Guests are treated to picturesque mountain views, adding a dash of natural beauty to their stay. The strategic location of Two Steps Apartments 2 places visitors within easy reach of Tirana's cultural heartbeat. Attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania are all conveniently nearby, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich history and vibrant culture of the city.

For those concerned about travel logistics, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located just 14 kilometers away, ensuring smooth arrivals and departures. Two Steps Apartments 2 stands as a testament to the blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural immersion, making it a highly recommended stay for anyone looking to explore the wonders of Tirana.