---\ntitle: "Two steps apartments 3"\ndescription: "Two Steps Apartments 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321447.jpg?k=b25d6a63d4c492fe560288ff4d8470e5834870a6adb51ab3ffaf39465708de58&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: two-steps-apartments-3\naddress: "Rruga Tafaj, building nr 60, entry nr 7, app nr 25, 1017 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33366926\n  lng: 19.82481686\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321447.jpg?k=b25d6a63d4c492fe560288ff4d8470e5834870a6adb51ab3ffaf39465708de58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321586.jpg?k=d430a77d582bb5b0e6961f48d1457921493e5c7ec0f258029fdb95a2ff3b39df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321543.jpg?k=8fdc6430af69064bdca39dc59d1c9453f9c5a1d920e8cfebe74c950351ab5c52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321650.jpg?k=658599f1c4695e6aa701aa2bc6cb71099b45ebb4e5466ed0f2a2284a17c517ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321519.jpg?k=b8f6ff31da7d3a731090643418e3dfa031a5fc3cae88875bb8e52c135c67f4b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321573.jpg?k=e1a87100470e4c8a3652d3fc7ef6bab08878753eda72879fd6dd21f3f6b9348c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321476.jpg?k=e7fb2735bc5f33691f5f375c9785f78f41cf364c8a1bc8efe1653b0172a47262&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321480.jpg?k=af11bc59e89566e4e30359e2eec909b3646f51fd14edc6be7c7e97c1fe5e7a27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411321484.jpg?k=9f00002e93138391645f5d14c0789d12c1359f3015d02d88adc636ab3b1bc3d2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Piceri Il Forno 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 850 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Blerina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was very convinent.The apartament had all the amenities i could need.The design was very stylish with the wonderfull view.The bad was extremely confortable.The apartment was very clean .”"\n  - name: "Anja"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr zentral gelegen, alles ist zu Fuß gut erreichbar. Man hat einen super Blick über die Stadt. Das Apartment ist bestens ausgestattet, die Betten bequem, es fehlt an Nichts.
Der Kontakt mit Marsela war total unkompliziert und sehr sehr freundlich.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/two-steps-apartments-3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nLocated a mere stone's throw away from the iconic Skanderbeg Square, less than 1 kilometer to be exact, this property stands out for its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests. The apartment itself is a testament to modern living, featuring a spacious bedroom, a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services for endless entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen comes complete with a microwave, toaster, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, catering to all culinary needs. Additionally, the provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort to the stay.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount at Two Steps Apartments 3, with soundproofing and a private entrance for each accommodation unit. This thoughtful design ensures that guests can enjoy their stay without any disturbances.

For those keen to explore Tirana's rich cultural tapestry, the apartment is conveniently situated near several key attractions. The Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and National Museum of History Albania are all within easy reach, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local heritage.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 kilometers away, making Two Steps Apartments 3 an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Albania's vibrant capital.