---\ntitle: "Unico ApartHotel"\ndescription: "Unico ApartHotel in Sarandë stands out for its prime location, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497854909.jpg?k=f6b6112e6d708fdb3a310bb26dda5a0615b91a663ee0dd1da20278319ed67f00&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: unico-aparthotel\naddress: "Rruga: Bilal Golemi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86534\n  lng: 20.016669\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497854909.jpg?k=f6b6112e6d708fdb3a310bb26dda5a0615b91a663ee0dd1da20278319ed67f00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807813.jpg?k=acf1e74aed39d259c75ed033ff9b1230637cec8b2acf90c275ffbbd7b110c58d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492591711.jpg?k=caf6f6f5d75a3370a4ef766518f45c589c6696cc785ffbf05864e98f0172d108&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807879.jpg?k=86a97460a21e032e030a1a7b0cd3fca6213d4ce4ea7ea37cc38dd5c47ef91b4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807799.jpg?k=1c3acaa71318bbb7263fab5624ed9c1da776330fb3ec3faa0d683dc19335f987&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807790.jpg?k=a22ad4680546ee4ecf4471bd2dec37d6967fb4ec6e7124f4a6d65562a016f612&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807733.jpg?k=975dc63325211e256426c79e6bb48231ea678908cdf395d8bb4d0155ac6bc306&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497854914.jpg?k=cb2efe1b0575a77e6fab8f08cc9e288316f9f9192935dd9606d5bd0b52967d29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497807838.jpg?k=e4d112f1ff0d5fa3914513384df9acae56e7e6a019795308756496135cf6d2dd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cimi Gjakova, Pizzeria Grill 20 m"\n  - "Lost Seaside 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 100 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 350 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 750 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1,000 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“I just don’t have any words. For the room, for the hosts. There’s no perfection in this world, but Melsi apartments really achieved it. We were sooo relaxed and joyful and I’m mentioning the hosts again…no words for them! We had the best time in...”"\n  - name: "Mirela"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“Small and very clean apartment with comfortable bed. 5 min walk from everything you need (market, beach, good restaurant). Erinda was great host. Definitely recommend”"\n  - name: "Гайс"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“Absolutely lovely time in Saranda at Melsi Apartment. Erinda is fantastic, everything is clean, comfortable. Place is located close to the centre, and very quite. Nice view to the sea. Every morning enjoyed Cappuccino, which Erinda made for us....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/melsi-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit within the complex is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a wardrobe, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a terrace for an elevated sense of comfort. The private bathrooms come with a bidet, ensuring a blend of convenience and luxury. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, select rooms boast a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, fridge, and stovetop, alongside a cozy seating area, making it a perfect retreat for families or longer stays.

The presence of an on-site bar offers a convenient spot for guests to unwind with a drink. Additionally, the lush garden provides a serene oasis for relaxation, inviting guests to take a moment to breathe and enjoy the peaceful surroundings.

Unico ApartHotel is ideally situated within walking distance of La Petite Beach and a short drive from VIP Beach, offering guests a variety of beach experiences to choose from. For travelers exploring the region, Ioannina Airport is located 96 km away, making the hotel a convenient base for both short and extended visits to Sarandë. Unico ApartHotel promises a memorable stay, where comfort meets convenience in a stunning coastal setting.