---\ntitle: "Univers Resort"\ndescription: "Univers Resort emerges as a distinguished destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Elbasan."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361673347.jpg?k=486da6575475de6e7cee8dbc86d30eea64ec8f414a8b708ec8b803616d661251&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: univers-resort\naddress: "L. Emin Matraxhiu, n/h/n, 0001 Elbasan, Albania"\ncity: "Elbasan"\nlocation: "Elbasan"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.11975146\n  lng: 20.09795308\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 7.8\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 186\nratings:\n  overall: 7.8\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 5.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361673347.jpg?k=486da6575475de6e7cee8dbc86d30eea64ec8f414a8b708ec8b803616d661251&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/88686316.jpg?k=cd74b2a0eaeef63021266c14c71f65ff6249763302b3075c48826133a2d6ff2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/58261834.jpg?k=94a5fc99c0f9aed85129ec6fb01ef2f0eda353518d9f413e4026d80a6679eb72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/121530224.jpg?k=ab60d27d1706e06ccd4d10fd7f8be9b7434d00bb0e143a89047d8a9af5a880ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242733290.jpg?k=9a86ee3699077008829e388049c671ffe05dbe6380117efb1815d050e86d7305&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242733333.jpg?k=5510d8c7d345aa421353830c319e63da0c7de93f89fa450c7dc9e8ea19d43dc1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Single Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Large Twin Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Attika 250 m"\n  - "Don Camillo 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 19 km"\n  - "Parku I Bleteve Kokreve 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 44 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 54 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Comfortable rooms, nice facilities, very committed staff. Calm environment. Long breakfast time (7-10am)”"\n  - name: "Elana"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Elegant decoration, clean rooms and friendly stuff.”"\n  - name: "Elisa"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Hotel was better than i thought. Good value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/univers-elbasan1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Univers Resort are treated to well-appointed accommodations, where each room is a haven of comfort. Air conditioning, ample wardrobe space, and a private balcony offering breathtaking mountain views ensure a stay that is both relaxing and invigorating. The inclusion of a private bathroom, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary bed linen and towels add to the convenience, while a seating area in every room provides a cozy nook for relaxation.

The hotel is committed to catering to the needs of all guests, including the younger ones, with a children's playground that promises fun and entertainment. The provision of a shared kitchen and room service underscores the resort's dedication to personalized guest experiences, while the 24-hour front desk, airport transfers, and a vibrant kids' club highlight the comprehensive range of services available.

Located a stone's throw from notable attractions, Univers Resort is just 41 km from Skanderbeg Square and 44 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 54 km away, the resort ensures ease of access for both domestic and international travelers.

With free WiFi available throughout the property, guests can stay connected and share their memorable experiences with ease. Univers Resort stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of modern amenities, attentive service, and a strategic location in Elbasan.