---\ntitle: "Urban City Center"\ndescription: "Urban City Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477438867.jpg?k=6aa141bd92069ba0ddb50eb9674aeefc079691b0f290631739099afd271361b6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urban-city-center\naddress: "Bulevardi Dëshmorët e Kombit 64 shkalla3, kati 5, ap24/1, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33336936\n  lng: 19.81720071\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 27\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477438867.jpg?k=6aa141bd92069ba0ddb50eb9674aeefc079691b0f290631739099afd271361b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481291528.jpg?k=4d294bbe3783090dc04406eb0157cc6f00b9ce8febbe892a2fa2ce08e44651c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481296059.jpg?k=333f3b8e9b853d788b9e685c172e89f5135e3097e8d2e1a203b0394d19f9f713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481294676.jpg?k=ea268fe542538c7636ab3ef5e25b995e2e623cd1c56bd8c83c60c40a9d143c5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481291227.jpg?k=e7279e9a74710be632d222b02299614bcbf574a3c95723f721ccd2973d6faadb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481291752.jpg?k=e343c445fb2bda97dbf3961e5fdca45bc1877091487a18e118d648fd5a241ee0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475692831.jpg?k=b17e1b97d337fd50b45e6299a19bda263151571ee5663be67bc765d8029f6d67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481294977.jpg?k=07a0575fa61f36e95b4765cfe02e3c966a335cad5d7211f16ca462d0c38d9206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/507228584.jpg?k=848199f33c43eccc69bed7d057086855bf8afba541a71156e3b1a466765a169c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Magic Hand 10 m"\n  - "Wien Bar 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 150 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Very convenient location, flat has all that traveler need for comfortable stay. Building is under renovation now but I didn't hear any construction noise. Host sent me useful links, answered patiently on me questions and helped me with my...”"\n  - name: "Genti"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment is in the very center of Tirana. It is a nice place with lots of facilities. The design, the colors, and everything else were very well combined. 2 TVs, 2 ACs, kitchen, laundry machine and refrigerator were included. Amazing place....”"\n  - name: "Saban"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The location is perfect! The street is always alive and full of people. The design is so beautiful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/green-apartment-tirana1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nSecurity is paramount at Urban City Center, offering guests peace of mind with around-the-clock service, alongside the convenience of private check-in and check-out. Connectivity is seamless, thanks to complimentary WiFi access enveloping the premises. For those looking to explore the area at a leisurely pace, a bicycle rental service is readily available, and airport transfers can be arranged to ensure a hassle-free arrival and departure.

The apartment itself is a sanctuary of modern living, featuring air conditioning for those warm days and a fully equipped kitchen that caters to every culinary need. From an oven to a coffee machine, guests have everything at their fingertips to feel at home. The living space is complemented by a flat-screen TV with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The bathroom does not skimp on luxury either, with a walk-in shower and slippers adding an extra layer of comfort.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises means essentials are never far away. 

Urban City Center is not just about the amenities within but also its proximity to cultural landmarks. Guests can easily access the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, making it an ideal base for those keen to immerse themselves in the local culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 13 km away, the journey to and from Urban City Center is as effortless as it is inviting.