---\ntitle: "Urban Nest on Boulevard"\ndescription: "Urban Nest on Boulevard emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718674.jpg?k=62251aa409a5780038230e0c2838df05c4a976b06739cde002e8e6ee44c34f90&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urban-nest-on-boulevard\naddress: "Bulevardi Zogu I near New York Bar, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33526603\n  lng: 19.81550504\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718674.jpg?k=62251aa409a5780038230e0c2838df05c4a976b06739cde002e8e6ee44c34f90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718759.jpg?k=11613167ade32b8f769870d9f798704d402108c3447b87c71ad66922f813844b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718766.jpg?k=a33d9dd8caa58391ff40cd25b704fc67a20232325ce9f9eefb5403ce5d11cf73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718828.jpg?k=aaef1dbd9eccec21f7d4effe09e6f5709febc58193de6762c913f75e83699405&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718806.jpg?k=27d1cd95198bbe9df2d87722d7099d08dc20d7e34ecf3fd0486c2c3b815c650d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718837.jpg?k=f81d7905770f2d7245007c810bf958687463422b595a6af6d29cd6dbaea7b6a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718812.jpg?k=2bd2f7ec1706227b6f8da77d8423bd25df7ef09e11f8590d798234a8ba02942e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718835.jpg?k=e766727154d68e7992f325ed3fe53f192381781531e161c84e35e3f39d5d6d31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405718798.jpg?k=9e440636830521fcee80cca2fe242c8964026d495c64c5715d3b8cad73a6de3d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 950 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.1 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Twist Bar 40 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Piceri Colombo 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 650 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stephanie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very spacious, clean, great location, all amenities nearby and car park too closeby Host very proactive and good communication”"\n  - name: "Eden"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“This was an absolute gem! It’s in a great central area. The apartment was super spacious, clean and really comfortable. Host was very accommodating and helpful as well. Thanks so much.”"\n  - name: "Karin"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“It is a very modern, cozy and tastefully furnished flat, that is extremly well equiped and where everything worked without exception. I was in many apartments during my 4 months in Albania and this was by far the best”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boulevard-2-br-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment boasts a modern and spacious layout, featuring two bedrooms that promise a restful night's sleep. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows and movies. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, alongside a convenient washing machine, allows guests the freedom to cater to their own culinary needs or manage laundry with ease. The bathroom does not disappoint, offering a walk-in shower for a refreshing start or end to the day, complemented by a bidet and a dressing room for added convenience.

For those who prefer dining out, the on-site family-friendly restaurant does not disappoint, serving a variety of American dishes for dinner, lunch, and brunch. The convenience extends beyond the apartment's walls, with both airport transfer services and a bicycle rental option available, making exploration of Tirana's rich cultural landscape a breeze.

Car rental services further enhance the mobility of guests, allowing for effortless visits to nearby attractions such as the National Museum of History Albania, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet, and the intriguing House of Leaves. For those flying in, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, adds to the appeal of Urban Nest on Boulevard as a highly accessible and desirable lodging option in Tirana.