---\ntitle: "Urban Oasis 1"\ndescription: "Urban Oasis 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-b/8103dfb0481c4cedc201d849f5666a270512f538.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urban-oasis-1\naddress: "Rruga Milan Shuflaj, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33209718\n  lng: 19.80996695\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-b/8103dfb0481c4cedc201d849f5666a270512f538.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/cz/331344fc12453ef26747d18151eaa5497dc651e9.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499769540.jpg?k=3beb9e177ec30e8d9584e95feae7916c64d4cd79543959edf79df3c29ab960aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499769594.jpg?k=cce6918f2505735a462e6718b18beea61f9f417a95f3f1a5cad5c57c53377a87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499769597.jpg?k=5b8697f6c93ca53a06a7e5baa271da2d4d77a9a695aa021a7bd81929bf26300f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499769602.jpg?k=1c459eaf32c4ffdc8dcdb24e97ff9bf417ff3d5566f2c09252e70aab74a78c59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499769605.jpg?k=01a868e1a61ef30af4bded3aaeb5b736703951e1057c529a808818e673ea8d58&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Byrek Pica 10 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Vila Tafaj 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 550 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 900 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 900 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Barbora"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Poloha u centra přitom v klidne uličce. Nove, čiste.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bonnies-studio-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis elegantly appointed apartment boasts a serene atmosphere with its air-conditioned spaces, offering a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life. The living quarters are thoughtfully designed, featuring a single bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to leisure at their fingertips. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Urban Oasis 1 ensures a clean and healthy stay for all guests.

Connectivity is seamless throughout the property, with complimentary WiFi keeping guests linked to the world beyond. For those eager to explore, the apartment serves as an ideal launchpad to discover Tirana's treasures. The National Museum of History Albania, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park are among the popular attractions nearby, inviting guests to delve into the city's storied past and vibrant present.

Situated 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Urban Oasis 1 offers both accessibility and a gateway to exploration, making it a coveted spot for those looking to experience Tirana in all its facets.