---\ntitle: "Urbanin Apartment A3"\ndescription: "Urbanin Apartment A3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-s/d321d61d78a8fa310843e1967dca38e6276b92aa.png"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urbanin-apartment-a3\naddress: "Perballe QSUT, Rruga e Dibrës 1023, 1001 Tirana, Albania, Tirana, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34104254\n  lng: 19.82954327\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/review/avatars/ava-s/d321d61d78a8fa310843e1967dca38e6276b92aa.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/al/fb2cbf96bcebc05e7b4b8c533c756c27197c23dd.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525868129.jpg?k=fab5ed93a746e906a1200cb7d1f9959fb03b0c8cbb0a8776c2a53692433b5129&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525868008.jpg?k=0bede7932593776e6962793dfa3af212acd331d5aa559e798fec2a640d6103a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525868089.jpg?k=d55b062e6a0afe36cc9ca1289a552a5661220505dad424082158ab6995b9ee7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525868164.jpg?k=df95bf50a86cca1862acaeb24b6fe0e5559cbddabbc10c2a8d8fc276069784ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525868013.jpg?k=85a2e3f45d80e0a4c1e5ec3783f05b53f3fe3a7cd58ea26c214b5be030cd0c1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/525868071.jpg?k=df12a957fbc953dae76958ab0c8ea217f64793a7c7de3e76cf2d42653b16ca63&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.7 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.9 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Viktoria 100 m"\n  - "Zgara Korcare Delivery 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1,000 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Silvester"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had an amazing experience when booking this apartment for my vacation! The whole reservation process was easy and hassle-free. The apartment itself was absolutely stunning. It was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities I needed and more. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/urbanin-apartment-a3.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air conditioning for those warm Albanian days. It boasts a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy crafting their meals, and a bathroom that provides all the essentials for a refreshing start or end to the day. Entertainment needs are well catered to with a flat-screen TV, ensuring guests have access to their favorite shows after a day of exploration.

Adding to the appeal, Urbanin Apartment A3 offers complimentary WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected with loved ones or plan their next day's adventures with ease. The convenience of free private parking is a boon for those traveling by car, removing any worries about finding a safe spot for their vehicle.

For those looking to indulge in some retail therapy, the Toptani Shopping Centre is merely 2 km away, offering a variety of shopping options. Meanwhile, the Tanners' Bridge, a piece of Tirana's history, is just a bit further, providing a glimpse into the city's past.

Situated 14 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the apartment ensures a hassle-free journey to and from the city, making it an ideal base for both short and extended stays in Tirana. Urbanin Apartment A3 is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant culture and rich history of Albania's capital.