---\ntitle: "UrbanRetreat"\ndescription: "UrbanRetreat emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050370.jpg?k=4630ca83a850e478f7b05aaccb0ba0849d73970f5e015396a301a8da9461cf83&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urbanretreat\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza Building 200 apartment nr 22 , 3 floor, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3344116\n  lng: 19.80881256\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050370.jpg?k=4630ca83a850e478f7b05aaccb0ba0849d73970f5e015396a301a8da9461cf83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050299.jpg?k=3e8084e0c8959b96260e8eb6db938806c5ef0eba216cc8eb0900d3ebc5e8443a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050211.jpg?k=9a4d749272058663d643cfabe5fb4993eaef5f05a015bafe62f3d612eb0c7b41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050604.jpg?k=acc48085f3f3f93f96f8c8cf1aaab50ad184c3d1fcc58b2843f0029705be3880&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491398823.jpg?k=b62778f4b24b7d52021311c8ee80f4ee9eb37b8bfb6603b92b2eccd51b462b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491398923.jpg?k=0acbccfa19bd32267bb16748923d9c8d3a917f6b4a25a3cf40dc430f4ea8aa10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483050831.jpg?k=81636b82ccb51fba2fc2ce44e9de3dea432319c9b665c4a6cfe75f7b4431ae1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481516518.jpg?k=f3d3f9ee0fe13dc92d8ed1ba2254153f046849c11a90f7f291e951b9a46cb2c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491398709.jpg?k=b6d748ff103061b101c9a9b54f5c30c4b946a84330dd607d217f88d6fc5a9ea1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (89 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish Varkat 40 m"\n  - "Arjel Bar 2 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 850 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Tutto perfetto,appartamento curato nei dettagli,proprietario molto disponibile e zona vicina a tutte le principali attrazioni della città Super consigliato!”"\n  - name: "Borimir"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Alles neu, alles sauber, sehr netter Gastgeber, super Lage”"\n  - name: "Nicole"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Zeer nieuw en compleet appartement. Mooie, fijne en schone badkamer. Alles was aanwezig. Contact met de eigenaar verloopt goed en snel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lux-apartment-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nFollowing a recent renovation, the apartment boasts a modern aesthetic with a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The fully equipped kitchen is a highlight, offering a dishwasher, oven, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, catering to all culinary needs. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort. Designed with the guest's peace in mind, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a tranquil stay.

For convenience, a minimarket on the premises means essentials are never far away. 

Cultural enthusiasts will find the apartment's location ideal, with the National Museum of History Albania, National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and House of Leaves all within close proximity. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making UrbanRetreat an excellent base for both exploring the city's sights and easy travel arrangements.