---\ntitle: "Urbanin Apartment & Hotel"\ndescription: "Urbanin Apartment & Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391753661.jpg?k=0f98ef19e0a1b0a70b72ad873e8ab568535176cf6b6221df0ccebd61eaed8f54&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urbanin-apartment-hotel\naddress: "Perballe QSUT, Rruga e Dibrës 1023, Tiranë 1001, Tirane 1001, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.34051314\n  lng: 19.82962837\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 277\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391753661.jpg?k=0f98ef19e0a1b0a70b72ad873e8ab568535176cf6b6221df0ccebd61eaed8f54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391751318.jpg?k=4cda90d8dcfde90c84b225efb2e5aa82aa7b8471ade1db1c9adb349272e742de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391752096.jpg?k=7df7f9bbfee3029bfe08ada7722eb15153e7a7076db6f7842207bff79ce5925b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391752143.jpg?k=f8c9e0ce189923ec01b235430956285a58b50c7de5946bd82538d841ccf91492&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/391752161.jpg?k=4d0503ace48dd7e5cbcb8726d49071a4df983b95149dcb24e0db36655ead8bdf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509282521.jpg?k=c820b2c3e16dfd3441f83a382a15950f41105cf356623f31ca08776a56b63810&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Luxury Triple Room"\n  - "King Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bon SE Sugar 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Hotel Viktoria 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 1 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Matej"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Room is really nice and modern, big TV and coffee/tea too. Great hospitality and kindness from all employees. Bed was really comfy although it was smaller than what was said.”"\n  - name: "Rita"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Amazingly clean rooms and friendly staff! They have their own parking which is great for Tirana. The staff is available 24/7 and are very understanding and cooperative. I was surprised to see that the rooms had a clothing iron and ironing board...”"\n  - name: "Maithili"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“Great value for money. The room was very clean and the staff was very helpful”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/urbanin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned room at Urbanin Apartment & Hotel is thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring free WiFi and private bathrooms. The addition of a balcony in every room allows guests to enjoy sweeping views of the city skyline, while the convenience of an in-room fridge adds a touch of home.

For families traveling together, the hotel's family rooms provide the perfect accommodation solution, ensuring a comfortable stay for all members of the party.

The hotel's reception is a hub of multilingual staff, proficient in both English and Albanian, ready to assist guests with inquiries and recommendations to enhance their stay in Tirana.

Strategically positioned, Urbanin Apartment & Hotel is within proximity to notable attractions such as Skanderbeg Square, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the city. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 14 km away, ensuring easy access for arrival and departure.

In summary, Urbanin Apartment & Hotel stands out as a prime accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrant life of Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service.