---\ntitle: "Urban GatAway Apartment"\ndescription: "Urban GatAway Apartment presents a captivating retreat for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031042.jpg?k=d18db37a519b4b7fe873e9c9b76d9bc6532b6fdfdf8db397a0bf8d4b49682f37&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: urban-gataway-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Guri Nazifi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87192102\n  lng: 19.99252346\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031042.jpg?k=d18db37a519b4b7fe873e9c9b76d9bc6532b6fdfdf8db397a0bf8d4b49682f37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031172.jpg?k=6a3afe93352f56d7cefe7db6c2b2bfbc124dd2efafab79c6edef147a1b495eae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031290.jpg?k=f2c9707b6d4d871e4dd81e4d66d9f029f491aef9d75d9b51ed5f6df2989a9595&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031006.jpg?k=7556a73e679e36557bfcf6b4cb37f86d280bca5a369ab2666d698ecd918c102e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031203.jpg?k=d811c7bb78357e0ae4500ca5d5f8737533c7b54f2afa71f806beb5083b5ea3ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453030852.jpg?k=189b39ad8bb84666749c0b564fe765627cf3e6af45d08e67d80b1b6750700e2c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031243.jpg?k=3dc26adf71d5e514e2edcb2cb946957d9c04a8db3f834f0b1a08b1eb17cb7a84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453031268.jpg?k=732bd89e72fffef1fcd34abab5a84859bfc6b1ca93f033a84a0d8c88b6f2b84e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453030979.jpg?k=846c52aba1c773c00a37c292d4c151af6ed46e5d740c4930699bca2f44e5ea3c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giovanni"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“They were very hospitable people.
Recommended.”"\n  - name: "Marieke"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean. The communication with the host in advance was incredibly flexible and it was directly addressed to our needs, such as checking in late. We shared a hallway with the parents of the owner and when we arrived they...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/elysium-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a masterclass in modern living, boasting a well-appointed kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave, ensuring that guests can easily prepare their meals. The living space is thoughtfully designed, featuring a comfortable seating area where guests can unwind while enjoying their favorite shows on the flat-screen TV. The inclusion of a private balcony adds a touch of luxury, providing an ideal spot for morning coffees or evening relaxation with a backdrop of the sea.

Accommodation in this non-smoking property is enhanced by the convenience of free WiFi, allowing guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Sarandë. Privacy and comfort are paramount, as evidenced by the private entrance and a cozy bedroom that promises a restful night's sleep. The bathroom, equipped with a bidet, along with the provision of towels and bed linen, underscores the apartment's commitment to ensuring a hassle-free stay.

For those intrigued by history and nature, the proximity to Butrint National Park, located 18 km away, offers a splendid opportunity to explore the rich heritage and natural beauty of the region. Moreover, with Ioannina Airport 98 km away, Urban GatAway Apartment serves as an accessible haven for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Urban GatAway Apartment stands out as a premier choice for those desiring a serene beachfront escape combined with the comforts of home, making it an unforgettable part of any Sarandë visit.