---\ntitle: "Valentina Apartment 1"\ndescription: "Valentina Apartment 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a short stroll from Sarande Main Beach and within easy reach of Saranda City Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329914.jpg?k=0812fe0b5cf43ff5ac0456e819f9de639f1d125eb9eb0fdb5d98f8d599601119&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: valentina-apartment-1\naddress: "Rruga Idriz Alidhima, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87298953\n  lng: 19.99966249\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329914.jpg?k=0812fe0b5cf43ff5ac0456e819f9de639f1d125eb9eb0fdb5d98f8d599601119&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329818.jpg?k=d119b8e02c4aef5308eb853fe2c58c2278da065c5c9c60dabcff344e2ea9ac8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329749.jpg?k=4115e1bdc00ea75b0de6c1710651559c14147788f45de2c4fdbe8f090368a0a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329855.jpg?k=407afcde1e5c16230f6c50b47506da1f5e1747f6112fc0522fad27235cd562b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329862.jpg?k=be3d8625c57b22057f95f89b52ff7bf24163aac5270335ab72e1296fa9f86dee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329871.jpg?k=6b63723725f9faf44abf099de6b8ff58efe61242eda1ba1b94e310ab138a4bf9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329966.jpg?k=2f3daa0f710bf2f2b852dc244c755781aef5aaaa1f90e4087ffb3a2f15cac342&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329960.jpg?k=8e165120cd5e19b7da5e8875a6039fa59fbbc11ac779952c03b936e6694f5f7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367329834.jpg?k=fac59164dc1b4af9f40e07aa0aa44a1113f68d84225819694863e7402929eca2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Rrapo 100 m"\n  - "Lori 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 350 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.7 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Axel"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Very helpful and nice host. Perfect location. Modern apartment. Big balcony.”"\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Valentina is amazing host, very helpful and always available in case of any questions. Apartment was big, well equiped, clean and localized in the city center on a calm street. You can enjoy the view for Sarande on a big balconies. We fully...”"\n  - name: "Gaetano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Bella casa, pulita e ordinata, spaziosa per 6 persone”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/valentina-apartment-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to spacious living, featuring two separate bedrooms and two bathrooms, making it an ideal retreat for families or groups. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, invites guests to prepare and enjoy meals together, with the convenience of a microwave for quick snacks or meals. The living room, anchored by a flat-screen TV, provides a cozy gathering space for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

For those with a taste for the finer things, the apartment offers the added touch of wine or champagne, ensuring that evenings can be celebrated with a touch of luxury. Beyond the confines of this inviting apartment, Maestral Beach awaits just 2 km away, offering a picturesque spot for sunbathing or swimming. Further afield, the historical allure of Butrint National Park, located 17 km from the apartment, offers a fascinating day trip for those keen to immerse themselves in the rich tapestry of the region's past.

Situated 97 km from Ioannina Airport, Valentina Apartment 1 represents not just a place to stay, but a gateway to the myriad of experiences that Sarandë has to offer, making it a compelling choice for discerning travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury.