---\ntitle: "Valentino apartments Bouganville Bay Saranda"\ndescription: "Valentino Apartments Bouganville Bay Saranda emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605977.jpg?k=4bb5c19edf8e5e66c9f67285fdb16e016a7452b4011ca56323556bb57ca7c487&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: valentino-apartments-bouganville-bay-saranda\naddress: "Via Per Butrint, 9703 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86398125\n  lng: 20.01828611\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7\n  value: 7\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 7.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605977.jpg?k=4bb5c19edf8e5e66c9f67285fdb16e016a7452b4011ca56323556bb57ca7c487&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605972.jpg?k=af15a77d96be27498e1c8db7bc9efd9c057e7da7350730c5371c12132a8a910c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148067264.jpg?k=dd59d6982ee942684125835fb6e7832b8da56341196ff33d1d02e44bb8be8d74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284606243.jpg?k=d4af05d30e17792de8fef57d4009e40e8df8c7b1b79201c99740ec3c32f9efcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605458.jpg?k=d2f75208191b498fc086768b403f793ce86a90cc4e00f4a13833a0f61222a79b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605991.jpg?k=ac61eadd77c35947a65ad0e181eb5261569522c623fc14f25baf4c72b9534206&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509355920.jpg?k=5752ce6f9451637674379d526668f86dfdb71eb111bda4f34b84d8da8f198c87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/284605873.jpg?k=a18b361e7a0aa316b9aeae52188ca49125847034a140cf5aa29d1c18089a4e35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/177581703.jpg?k=7d4c779f84e8ef6862a2168772d74b262977f6e8c87f4a22160275b00c50f1c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "3 swimming pools"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 4 m"\n  - "Nertili 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 300 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 550 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 550 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 600 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The location was great. The room was nice and clean and it had a nice terrace with a great view. Watching the usnset was so beautiful! The hosts were kind enough to help us organize parking on the street so that we did not have to pay and park in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/boukenvill-bay-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex doesn't just stop at providing a place to stay; it ensures a seamless experience with its array of facilities. Guests have access to an on-site restaurant, round-the-clock front desk service, and the convenience of an elevator, all within a realm where free WiFi connectivity envelops the property. For those arriving by car, private parking is available for a nominal fee.

Space is generously offered in the apartment, which comes equipped with a bedroom, bathroom, and living essentials such as bed linen and towels. Entertainment and dining needs are met with a flat-screen TV boasting satellite channels, a dining area, and a fully equipped kitchen. The terrace opens up to serene sea views, setting the stage for memorable evenings with wine or champagne and fruits. Emphasizing health and comfort, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and maintains a non-smoking policy.

Morning risers are greeted with a choice of buffet and Italian breakfasts, featuring warm dishes, local specialties, and freshly baked pastries. Additional amenities include a coffee shop, grocery delivery service, packed lunches, and a minimarket, ensuring guests' needs are catered to throughout their stay.

For those looking to stay active or explore, Valentino Apartments offers fitness classes and a range of activities such as cycling, fishing, and hiking. The beachfront location provides a perfect backdrop for relaxation. Families will appreciate the outdoor fireplace and children's playground, making it an ideal setting for guests of all ages.

Situated near attractions like Maestral Beach, La Petite Beach, and VIP Beach, the apartments offer a strategic base for exploring Sarandë. For guests traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is 96 km away, with the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service available.

Valentino Apartments Bouganville Bay Saranda stands out as a comprehensive solution for travelers looking for a mix of leisure, adventure, and convenience in the heart of Sarandë.