---\ntitle: "Valmar Hotel"\ndescription: "Valmar Hotel stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372148922.jpg?k=5cbd51c949064a3378d41dcb38a0172815dddc0a7bd4bc75aeef6ddf93f43e33&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: valmar-hotel\naddress: "Road Ali Pashe Tepelena, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77277953\n  lng: 20.01076599\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 220\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372148922.jpg?k=5cbd51c949064a3378d41dcb38a0172815dddc0a7bd4bc75aeef6ddf93f43e33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302198170.jpg?k=b17f266ac16e2cfac3bd7e1c942ca06639e4be872ea21f50a2a1e2092d5098fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372148920.jpg?k=9869a785506c92499f3421fcd7799d4c53c9227d044c7537399f12300df25afb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374864490.jpg?k=21c3988b8f4f14c235242166c704265390c1b59ea97c967f2d2abd2ecfa5ea80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302201148.jpg?k=ca749e0a2cee4382b2abe8e5eaa1f3ca93a81ce6fdcdd94ddacbe9bc09d4bb35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374864493.jpg?k=03808563c9e1b3df2f0034213fcbaa40565feddbc523f3ce2b840b29ac7eb447&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374864494.jpg?k=81ad537a05999907340e1ec2afdb039734444601d6f8cd3366d7e8c231daf607&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302196678.jpg?k=a2526fe5245cbe149871adfa2c8790caf0c214b04e4f94eecafda6421530d8a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374864492.jpg?k=cebff1b7a2bd265458fb9a23417505c6f96ed084b39fb47ed2403b3e28ab9acb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302201153.jpg?k=fdb38cac5c867a9239e50c5d18879f05724c7a1b0b5884cf7bc685e8d1eabde3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372148905.jpg?k=dfa5f8c693821a82034c48ec1e31fb10004038bbf96a0a3d8ec81df46700a879&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302196716.jpg?k=7f6653eed57f435a66143ab53de8fd9290a59292106f80373fd98e586dbb0f7b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 40 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 700 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 950 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Danielle"\n    country: "Brazil"\n    text: "“This hotel was a wonderful surprise! Starting with the reception, with the kind Erisa and Julian, guiding us to whatever we needed in the city! The hotel is new, its facilities are modern and everything works perfectly! The room is extremely...”"\n  - name: "Chiara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Breakfast was good in terms of quality and variety. The staff was very kind and helpful. Rooms were clean and comfortable.”"\n  - name: "Dritan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“My husband and I stayed at the Valmar for my 40th birthday and we absolutely loved it. It was the perfect setting for a romantic getaway, where the staff went above and beyond to assist us with our celebrations. The space is modern and luxurious,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/valmar.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nThe hotel's accommodations are thoughtfully designed to ensure maximum comfort and convenience. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with modern amenities including a desk, kettle, fridge, minibar, and safety deposit box. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV and a private balcony, some of which offer captivating city views. Moreover, the attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every room, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

For those eager to explore the surroundings, Valmar Hotel serves as an ideal base. The area is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, offering a variety of activities such as hiking, fishing, and snorkeling. The hotel's proximity to notable attractions like Ksamil Beach, Sunset Beach, and Coco Beach adds to its appeal, making it easy for guests to experience the best of Ksamil's coastal charm.

Located 93 km from Corfu International Airport, the hotel also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making travel arrangements hassle-free for international guests. Whether it's the allure of the beaches, the thrill of outdoor activities, or simply the desire for a peaceful retreat, Valmar Hotel caters to all, promising a memorable stay in the heart of Ksamil.