---\ntitle: "Vatër Apartments"\ndescription: "Vatër Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city, just a short 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481055027.jpg?k=96404e82d2aa2beda342ce5e90fad9f3d6d243a601da73992a1ccbca7450a332&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vat-r-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Sami Frashëri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3207888\n  lng: 19.81449471\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 51\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481055027.jpg?k=96404e82d2aa2beda342ce5e90fad9f3d6d243a601da73992a1ccbca7450a332&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482192080.jpg?k=dc07180303aaeb0e529acb3480c86d7b632faac3f13f7bb557f6b20d9a0aadb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482191161.jpg?k=ffd026b7f678476b729dffed254dc296b293c3b35a1412f94c731f0fe540f69a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481055257.jpg?k=39b9d001a1d5872f722f705cbb6b459c978f9cb4d01d03320d367bc6ffc98f82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481036361.jpg?k=431a28cc8b108837e88802316a44881943b28924704f933926a55f735cfdd689&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487325188.jpg?k=4925c6878e4ea523a5cddb90317e4ee22d31f97ced8e3c698a278fc9700de3b7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 850 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 900 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Small Bar Tirana 30 m"\n  - "Sebastian Pub 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 450 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 450 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 700 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nyrie"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great location, lovely big balcony, clean, warm and everything I needed”"\n  - name: "Sharon"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Staff were absolutely lovely. Great location, central but set back off the road. Parking available. Great apartment with spacious balcony.”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Great historical area, close to coffees, bars, restaurants... really the place to be in Tirana.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vater-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach apartment within the complex is a testament to thoughtful design, featuring soundproofing for a tranquil retreat amidst the city's hustle. Guests can enjoy the comfort of air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and the modern convenience of a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, fridge, and coffee machine, caters to those who appreciate the option to prepare their own meals. Additionally, the presence of a desk in all units adds a considerate touch for business travelers or those documenting their adventures.

The private bathrooms are designed with guests' comfort in mind, offering a walk-in shower, hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries. The added charm of a balcony in certain accommodations allows for serene views of the inner courtyard, inviting guests to unwind in their own private oasis.

Situated within proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Pyramid of Tirana, and Reja - The Cloud, Vatër Apartments serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. For those venturing further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located just 5.9 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. The convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being a mere 17 km away ensures ease of travel to and from the property.

Vatër Apartments stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice, promising an unforgettable stay for those seeking to immerse themselves in the local culture while enjoying the comforts of a home away from home.