---\ntitle: "\"Vatra\" Apartment"\ndescription: "\"Vatra\" Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414232457.jpg?k=41e7ef4e0d905c422b6c1a911f0092c337c54d47ae40a9fc5b63082a13845507&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vatra-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Eshref Frasheri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33935581\n  lng: 19.80484963\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414232457.jpg?k=41e7ef4e0d905c422b6c1a911f0092c337c54d47ae40a9fc5b63082a13845507&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408343069.jpg?k=e2073177ba189123a2b24c21311fbf176196039c34331ce8657200f9e3c3e673&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408358324.jpg?k=c336274b7f55600ad97ba654a5651c5c79f957d5d740891f536be012391b3fb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408358227.jpg?k=2b1ae16c44c194a05a38e969dd117710815bb99319b58814ba79fb538c64da40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410403111.jpg?k=fdf648b6004f8cc0b040a949bca11ca305a66beae021a5d7c1869896dcbca580&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/414232539.jpg?k=6bb0fef2c18017df441bc15f4c1fd39c933be4231c0f979cf3a9f9cb71292003&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410403097.jpg?k=bec6e045759f6f0b4eb3096b27ea14ec56e205cea2e210ebe860f24d76720c78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408358120.jpg?k=6840047418ce8fe4e6092ab29a5f352d1006b51cf96112abece81637ad65801a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476405586.jpg?k=660e02a3806443028c5248a75c7abe69fba78233f827a7f61df8cd7d6100aaf7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "KALAMARO FRITTO 20 m"\n  - "Delirios 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 1.2 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 1.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.6 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 9 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fatjona"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was very clean and neat. It was very easy to find, in a very nice area of the city. The landlord was also very helpful regarding everything.”"\n  - name: "Mariann"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Elhelyezkedés, tágas terasz, szép hálószoba, kényelmes kanapé.”"\n  - name: "Reinis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartamenti ishte shume i mire. Ishte shume i madh dhe dispononte brenda te gjitha gjerat e nevojshme per nje qendrim te shkurter. Kaluam shume mire!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vatra-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodation boasts a well-appointed bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are catered to with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. Adding to the charm is a balcony that invites guests to enjoy a moment of tranquility amidst the vibrant city life.

Situated a comfortable distance from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and within easy reach of the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and Rinia Park, "Vatra" Apartment positions itself as an ideal base for cultural aficionados and leisure seekers alike. Moreover, the convenience of being just 12 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes it a top pick for international travelers looking for a seamless experience in Albania's capital.

With its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment and the inclusion of free WiFi, "Vatra" Apartment stands out as a thoughtful choice for those prioritizing comfort, accessibility, and a taste of local life in Tirana.