---\ntitle: "Vecchia spiaggia, mare, palazzo bianco di Pilo, Appartamento n° 28, 7° piano, Valona"\ndescription: "Vecchia Spiaggia stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499151710.jpg?k=1277dd0fc6a5543614429283d8e6cc7ae7c4cae1a080d7faad4faefba0e7cd19&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vecchia-spiaggia-mare-palazzo-bianco-di-pilo-appartamento-n-28-7-piano-valona\naddress: "Spiaga vechia Valona, palazo di Pilo Pando, Apartamenti 28, piani 7, 0033 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.52614544\n  lng: 19.48725107\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499151710.jpg?k=1277dd0fc6a5543614429283d8e6cc7ae7c4cae1a080d7faad4faefba0e7cd19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499151735.jpg?k=1a9f991555698883fcc6cb376463709f74fc1dc22f05cbc945a95d71d435fefe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499151739.jpg?k=f345afc83a775613fa364f82215a5cd245b705b5f3828d1c071c27b126322309&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499151746.jpg?k=51bc0dcb12b546fa5b87f78c6d8fd6e9e2dc8618c96f91a3f3d5e49978ffdabd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/499151752.jpg?k=218609d06ae7748a690ac8632384650edf9f06d76c39a15ded6fda81b5a6b957&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant ARTA-MARIO 3.7 km"\n  - "Taverna e Miqësisë 3.9 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Narta Beach 6 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 7 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 7 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 10 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vecchia-spiaggia-mare-palazzo-bianco-di-pilo-appartamento-ndeg-28-7deg-piano-val.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of comfort, featuring a bedroom that promises restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for those culinary adventures, and a bathroom that caters to all your refreshment needs. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a balcony adds a touch of elegance, offering a private space to enjoy the fresh air and perhaps a morning coffee or an evening glass of wine.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of on-site parking is a notable perk, alongside an electric vehicle charging station, catering to the needs of the eco-conscious traveler. Free WiFi throughout the apartment ensures that guests remain connected, whether it's for streaming, work, or sharing their travel experiences.

Located 145 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vecchia Spiaggia presents an accessible escape for both local and international visitors. This apartment not only serves as a comfortable base to explore the enchanting city of Vlorë but also stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest experience. Whether it's the strategic location, the comprehensive amenities, or the serene ambiance, Vecchia Spiaggia is a compelling choice for those looking to discover the charm of Vlorë.