---\ntitle: "Venti et Maris"\ndescription: "Venti et Maris emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, merely a stone's throw away from the serene Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456698984.jpg?k=48d4016635707b6f3878ab3a8471b6e7cbf20db8c8c2c39a09e1987a660362f7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: venti-et-maris\naddress: "SH81, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7770397\n  lng: 20.00938628\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 142\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456698984.jpg?k=48d4016635707b6f3878ab3a8471b6e7cbf20db8c8c2c39a09e1987a660362f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456699003.jpg?k=1fd8251da13eddf17f6334f820cef6a9af4d50d97df369e52aa746946f39ca6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466356701.jpg?k=f8c58d5cf602a2af84ee17fee7970c302f6e32a113f6e0cf232ffe2dfe1ea6be&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456698987.jpg?k=6e2b00192b535ef02c5f3f72908f610f7a956d0b2eff908f4cc9c899f03e25ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466356694.jpg?k=62e4a1801eb9bb5f226bcd17eb3eebfd7e436b800346a74afb37615e323fec48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456698997.jpg?k=7248d01581cb05ffd6532cb76e0bfcd8fe7895f5221d58e071b90230cf38ad24&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony and Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 19 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vela Snack Bar Cafe 50 m"\n  - "Heksamil 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kendall"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The staff were lovely. Breakfast had variety and the location was walking distance to beaches and shops. The room and bathroom was clean and very new.”"\n  - name: "Isabel"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Very good hotel, big parking, easy to move around by car. Hotel is situated at the village entry (calm area), only short distance to Butrint. Staff is extrememely friendly and servicable (family-run hotel). Our room was very comfortable with a...”"\n  - name: "Ka"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Super comfortable, very clean and very good location - well run hotel from husband (Georgi) and wife! Very grateful from the very attentive staff, special mention to Ola and to the hotel team. Room looks very modern and well...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/venti-et-maris.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Venti et Maris is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning and free WiFi to ensure a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The inclusion of a TV and a fridge in every room adds a touch of home, while select accommodations boast captivating city views, allowing guests to soak in the vibrant atmosphere of Ksamil from the comfort of their rooms.

The hotel's strategic location places guests at the doorstep of Ksamil's most sought-after attractions, including the pristine Ksamil Beach, the lively Coco Beach, and the picturesque Bora Bora Beach. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 94 km away, making Venti et Maris an ideal base for both local and international travelers.

With its combination of thoughtful amenities, prime location, and attentive service, Venti et Maris stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.