---\ntitle: "Ventus Hotel"\ndescription: "Ventus Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316248765.jpg?k=62ed09ad57c606f70153cea31b25b8a8d68b101cd7a80a26055bc86c043a723a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: ventus-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7666301\n  lng: 19.99753884\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 716\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.4\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316248765.jpg?k=62ed09ad57c606f70153cea31b25b8a8d68b101cd7a80a26055bc86c043a723a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316248914.jpg?k=f0fd588ca65e38a246191eac936dfb32d50598b95092b2698863d5fc6b911647&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/350151840.jpg?k=21797ddf88a2b97a41a7922eed12d8082105cc0b21dc9a632436d42c137be54f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380216006.jpg?k=c8f6a72d78d3f0ffe857bbadd6c9faaa66008fa5d290e11f981e8280ea4bd415&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/380216004.jpg?k=13df0c67b4a75e6efc1d6a26a42aefab6953102af7a8c0b0499dff8e588f3965&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316248630.jpg?k=46799a678e7059828aaed1bed6c4e66aa3fda35315f3386e0c1900324724632c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316248767.jpg?k=3cf06ff337001a30994f0b84d4fc921faa5f9513c84583cb5f993ba6bbab4797&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/316249032.jpg?k=30100e6b7ee33e99aa9f03924b8aaf428dbba810fdd68767301ac1007e888764&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/317694477.jpg?k=f820536714b814d3f6374e0b1bdf5d3d8c0de0f9a0526fb674240051573db28c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423334335.jpg?k=476a6adbe31994502481833e04a966422e4e45a1928ce1a3e9e98bb25d088536&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423334484.jpg?k=f2d81a697a2304c1f3b5776f6a1cca086946e76ed19512d8b809cde12f387812&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423334343.jpg?k=c4eaaefb36a6b04ec208c458cca53072ca841ca66026b4735d96a107486d7710&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Small Double Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Playa Tex Mex 20 m"\n  - "Playa Beach 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 50 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 150 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 250 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Well-located hotel, nice room. It was spacious, and the bed was really comfortable. We had a big balcony looking onto the sea. Bars and beaches are 2 mins walk away. Breakfast was nice.”"\n  - name: "Laurent"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The rooms were great with a balcony, staff helpful, room clean with a fridge.”"\n  - name: "Stephstays"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Room was clean and had a nice sea view, including views of neighbouring hotel balconies. Breakfast was nice with standard variety. Walking distance to bars, restaurants and shops.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ventus.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy the benefit of free WiFi throughout their stay. For families, the hotel's kids' club offers a reprieve, allowing parents to unwind while their children are entertained. The convenience of room service, along with a 24-hour front desk, an ATM, and currency exchange services on-site, underscores Ventus Hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction.

Accommodations at Ventus Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is equipped with a desk, a safety deposit box for valuables, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a balcony to enjoy the serene surroundings. Private bathrooms with showers and wardrobes in the units add to the homely feel.

Morning starts on a high note with a daily breakfast selection that ranges from à la carte to continental and Italian options, ensuring a delightful beginning to the day. The hotel's proximity to other local attractions, such as Paradise Beach and Lori Beach, located 300 meters and 400 meters away respectively, makes it an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty of the area. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is conveniently 92 km away, making Ventus Hotel an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors.