---\ntitle: "Vesper Suites"\ndescription: "Vesper Suites emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Dhërmi, located merely 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421637871.jpg?k=89539322e8fe4bdc7d8f598e7282a0df4339933a7a0fcc646235a08fe25c0fff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vesper-suites\naddress: "Olea Residence, Dhermi, 1001 Dhërmi, Albania"\ncity: "Dhërmi"\nlocation: "Dhërmi"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.15092287\n  lng: 19.61856735\nprice: "US$140"\npriceFrom: 140\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421637871.jpg?k=89539322e8fe4bdc7d8f598e7282a0df4339933a7a0fcc646235a08fe25c0fff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353209657.jpg?k=5b6edf7e1c126e2575a75b674be57f49b37b83f64877eb2c22d7cd3aab913629&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464594267.jpg?k=aef58dc52d9df63de6dc5535595ca3f89ca460494b1ef89683bac7106a13e5c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362886715.jpg?k=28c975b66b8758a1bb19c35fcdbca1f4b118a539a0737ad8e66e2418c7331cc2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/353209709.jpg?k=880197ea74fdcc63a8f7a7df3dc7a40986a94f9552c137533a73860a2b274bf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464611013.jpg?k=0b7a7fbd64ea48fbaba0d2ce8c5aa323ba09fe5c18da94c52050ff3116c639e0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Suite"\n  - "Family Suite with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Luumabeach 250 m"\n  - "360 Sunset Bar Drymades 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 65 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Henri"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“We really enjoyed our stay at Vesper Suites. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and everytime we would come back to a clean place. The beds and couches were very comfortable. The whole decor is very modern and new with every room having smart TVs for...”"\n  - name: "Anxhela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I liked the location and the view was perfect. Everything was perfectly clean and the staff very nice. The manager was very supportive he helped us with the baggy and every need we had. Kaci and his family who did the laundery and the cleaning...”"\n  - name: "Shila"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very comfortable for four people, service was excellent, interior was clean and modern, everything was new, complementary champagne.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vesper-suites-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vesper Suites are thoughtfully designed to cater to families and groups, featuring air-conditioned units equipped with modern amenities. Each room includes a comfortable seating area, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully-equipped kitchen, and a dining area. Safety is prioritized with the provision of a safety deposit box, while the private bathrooms come complete with a bidet, hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. Select units elevate the guest experience further, offering terraces or balconies that present breathtaking views of the sea or mountains. For added convenience, all units are furnished with quality bed linen and towels.

The guest house enhances the stay with its in-house bar, perfect for guests looking to unwind. Additionally, a minimarket on the premises ensures that daily essentials are within easy reach.

Located a short drive from the popular Dhermi Beach, and with Ioannina Airport situated 162 km away, Vesper Suites stands out as an accessible and idyllic retreat for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Dhërmi's coastal landscape.