---\ntitle: "Vibe Studio Apartment"\ndescription: "Vibe Studio Apartment emerges as a freshly updated gem in the heart of Tirana, a stone's throw from the city's vibrant Skanderbeg Square, the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the quaint Tanners' Bridge."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510464809.jpg?k=bf537fa4ef7e0c6b4b45c0f97556dcece7f3e88aa5dfca95cd7a6e27ce2de24c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vibe-studio-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Hoxha Tahsim building 12 , floor 1, apartment n_3,, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33099534\n  lng: 19.82694597\nprice: "US$51"\npriceFrom: 51\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510464809.jpg?k=bf537fa4ef7e0c6b4b45c0f97556dcece7f3e88aa5dfca95cd7a6e27ce2de24c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510465515.jpg?k=8cee04e8882e0acf849271f8851dcc9046734361ecf07da6355ab2b8d54d17e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510467266.jpg?k=85c401b7e7b71a59b4a0eb5e9346b974e328cbf18099db9cc08f9d2d088706f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510477789.jpg?k=637df9e24d00e8d271afa1e3ae8cfad86e14b0d36c517e0d7fffc5041c02ce1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510477341.jpg?k=6a2f556908934b42c3946896919e19aae2a65a6246926d7b80ef0520eb19de23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510478745.jpg?k=bacbbe98d6795315c93d2ee3c030a1688cc6132311a5d7c1e8e9be8a2a7c205f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510476317.jpg?k=12d4614f4aab162ad8532ddb440c9dc68895d6183bb23e47647a592e3dcfef5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510467729.jpg?k=5e532fa25efe15851154dc9004fff0b92b3bf327c77a0de970092feca4ca27f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528361960.jpg?k=63693f7cf1f5b5dca7a709da6cf3ab43cfc87176612c92abbbb6472128230c62&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Iron Brush 40 m"\n  - "Vinoteke 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 300 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 500 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 750 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 750 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alex"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“A great place to stay in Tirana! The room was very nice and cosy, I liked the wood and the plants, it made me feel like home. The location is great and the host was very friendly and gave great recommendations for places to visit. I will...”"\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I highly recommend this apartment in Tirana! Excellent location, cleanliness, and comfort made my stay fantastic. The apartment is beautiful, and the host is very kind and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Doležel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Apartment is located approximately 10 minutes walk from the centre. Everything was great, the location, cleanliness, beautiful furniture. Really enjoyed our stay there! The owners are super friendly and they'll also give you some tips what to see...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vibe-studio-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment boasts modern amenities including complimentary WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected. Entertainment and convenience are at the forefront, with a flat-screen TV and a washing machine provided. The kitchen, fully equipped with a microwave and fridge, allows for the preparation of meals at any time of the day.

Strategically positioned, Vibe Studio Apartment is within easy reach of the Toptani Shopping Centre, offering a unique shopping experience. Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana, promising enriching experiences just moments away. For those traveling to and from Tirana, the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently located 15 km away, making Vibe Studio Apartment an ideal choice for both short and extended stays in the city.