---\ntitle: "Vila Muka"\ndescription: "Vila Muka emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Ksamil, situated merely 600 meters from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834399.jpg?k=185d43898c9b3c420e8064b88105d4115938d3b7c3894e62058d3b61880ce946&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-muka\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76466781\n  lng: 20.00150401\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834399.jpg?k=185d43898c9b3c420e8064b88105d4115938d3b7c3894e62058d3b61880ce946&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834382.jpg?k=b522710524d592cc5a6f5c55fa87f6ee0771b1dbcc334efef86c8812601dc19f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834378.jpg?k=dfb8630ed008fb9f0e274adaa677d6b26abca99593edfad4fb42d887a17e3e50&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834326.jpg?k=771bed9ab276f3f9dedfc3f40de761236ddfd09593a41fd3621a34d60e5199e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834312.jpg?k=d3a6bc13d87dfe190dfd5b01a120913a9a97a9c0971c6d150ac2038721dc058f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475834400.jpg?k=3cb133c16dcf388a4d8b3dc4ce170bbd2bf190bdfefc08f5e742a5891dd90f58&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Basic Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Apartment with Terrace"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\n  - "Duplex Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 450 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Johannes"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Completely new accommodation with modern rooms and friendly owners”"\n  - name: "Marcela"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“New and modern. Staff was friendly. We had an apartment with one separete room with a balcony and the second bed was in the kitchen. This was not an issue as we didnt cook. This is perfect if you have kids. We would definitely stay again...”"\n  - name: "Michiel"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The apartment is very new and you can notice it! The view from the room gave us a beautiful sunset. The parking space was easy to reach and the price is very low for what you get!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-muka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Muka is thoughtfully designed to enhance guest comfort, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, and a balcony to enjoy the serene views. Entertainment and practicality are well catered for with a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom equipped with a shower and hair dryer in every unit. For those who prefer to prepare their meals, select apartments boast a well-equipped kitchen, complete with a toaster, stovetop, and kitchenware, making it an ideal choice for families or longer stays. The provision of bed linen and towels in the units adds a touch of home.

The garden offers a peaceful oasis for guests to unwind, further enhancing the appeal of Vila Muka as a relaxing getaway. Its location is unbeatably convenient for beach lovers, with Paradise Beach also just 600 meters away, and Lori Beach slightly further at 800 meters, making it easy for guests to explore the area’s coastal beauty. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making Vila Muka an accessible option for those coming from afar.

Vila Muka presents a compelling option for those in search of a comfortable, well-situated base to explore the enchanting surroundings of Ksamil, promising a stay that combines relaxation with the allure of the Albanian Riviera.