---\ntitle: "Vila Kaci"\ndescription: "Vila Kaci emerges as a charming retreat in the vibrant city of Durrës, striking a perfect balance between convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709909.jpg?k=91035a0ba1141aae2e19d2c8dadc867b3c169b25ae554394ea1bd2bbdeccaff2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kaci\naddress: "Lagjia 1, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31474041\n  lng: 19.43863918\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 543\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709909.jpg?k=91035a0ba1141aae2e19d2c8dadc867b3c169b25ae554394ea1bd2bbdeccaff2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484538148.jpg?k=8a4d2270dc0c471b2ccb1047caeb5f07a1fabcc4aeb440d7bee1c82b24269eae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217453818.jpg?k=cb7992900f9f62240fd00167698520ac2fda026a39cad3adc58b3416bdde2847&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709908.jpg?k=0ebcfe9636c5d560a9dad717bd37cdb1d4af4957d0e312bc4b2f14afbbaa7a91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709916.jpg?k=2f31dde8b3b05c94e37edbe5a67747e85bf8a5b69aa3bfd88cb6fbc6f31787bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709964.jpg?k=d05228bd573277b8768aca4e44ee3b215b86282f65066815a441f08f4eed4264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709922.jpg?k=a96fe31dd4aa9f9286e5f7406716c3b69eaba801048b88e8e9aa54e4cb98ab90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482709918.jpg?k=dfdab73ba90d4a9dceeaf0dc3eabaa2a19260809ecdca3ba2346d5eae6d771a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289898609.jpg?k=d4ec2a185b7b5df2c86fc14ad55ca349d4522ad7d2466b7020ad569e4fccbd43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Terrazza Rooftop Wine Bar 200 m"\n  - "Marvi 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 450 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 650 m"\n  - "West End Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 500 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 600 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 850 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 850 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 950 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Brandon"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Beautiful room, nice view of the ocean. The restaurant also has a lovely view of the sea. And staff is so friendly!”"\n  - name: "Judita"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Alll was great, cute villa with amazing view from the terrace and hospitable owners.”"\n  - name: "Strömblad"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Super fresh facilities, newly renovated. The best thing about vila kaci is for sure the staff. When we first arrived we weren’t sure what to expect but they were helpful, friendly and attentive with all our needs from booking a taxi to fixing a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-kaci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with an array of amenities designed to enhance the guest experience. The presence of a restaurant, room service, and meticulous housekeeping service, complemented by complimentary WiFi, ensures a stay that combines comfort with the ease of connectivity. The homestay is particularly appealing to families, offering spacious family rooms that cater to the needs of guests traveling with loved ones.

Accommodations at Vila Kaci are thoughtfully appointed, featuring flat-screen TVs for entertainment, air conditioning for comfort, and private bathrooms for convenience. Select rooms boast terraces, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind and soak in the surroundings.

The homestay doesn't stop at providing a comfortable stay; it goes a step further by offering leisure and recreational facilities. Guests have access to a snack bar and bar, perfect for light refreshments or a relaxing drink. For those seeking activity, table tennis facilities are available on-site, along with complimentary bicycle use for exploring the local area. An indoor play area keeps younger guests entertained, while the garden offers a tranquil spot for relaxation.

Located 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and 12 km from the Rock of Kavaje, Vila Kaci serves as a gateway to some of the region's most notable attractions. The homestay is also conveniently located 34 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it easily accessible for international travelers.

In summary, Vila Kaci presents a compelling choice for guests seeking a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and recreational options in Durrës. Its thoughtful amenities, coupled with its prime location, make it a standout option for travelers looking to experience the best of the region.