---\ntitle: "Vila Brilant"\ndescription: "Vila Brilant emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, positioned just a short stroll from the serene Vjetër Beach and a mere 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453838223.jpg?k=2a2e9db125fdbdea22471562d31e24534baf18d01c0021607a350b255b997931&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-brilant\naddress: "Rr, Andrea Varfi, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46650573\n  lng: 19.46553571\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453838223.jpg?k=2a2e9db125fdbdea22471562d31e24534baf18d01c0021607a350b255b997931&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830561.jpg?k=59bd74d512fec0dc0cc9619185e81a2bc964c646b9f426d204d76fd4b28711b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830540.jpg?k=b6e9b82be5a46a47e875e516a7063e1d1b9eb85d77c377ae1d2fef8ec7c460c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830538.jpg?k=f4789aabed3b0e068fa5915cc05809b17509477506f9964c7c3ee1668413384a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830566.jpg?k=8a202c36d01838d0e694a5a35c1d9e4d075e006c3a066266d79b102c9d481ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830549.jpg?k=2226ae4eab17f1c65f5ef4ee5120f084478b990a9a7076994d84d7121e086d9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453830553.jpg?k=cd5a5ec7c6a2c50e56b754eb6aebd053fe96c7c223fed8bae516f927fcf2d1fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439593545.jpg?k=dfc4a18b5593422a318648a64e33aa328e7aeb4bfc3c96299dee11595efc3fff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453831372.jpg?k=6b490ac674aba2790e4fcbb7a479307dbca28a993b88ddc768e88c9e0f98f265&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Love Beach 950 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 1 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.4 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 4.2 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was great. Super staff, nice and comfortable room. Nice for families with children.
We booked 1 night first and we came back for a second night.
Also convenient to have the supermarket in the building.”"\n  - name: "Rejmonda"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Clean room, excellent value for money.
Friendly and helpful staff to satisfy our every request.
I highly recommend and we will definitely be back.
🤗🤗”"\n  - name: "Rita"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“New and clean structure... 5 minutes from the sea and the center... the best advice... the owners are loving and have a supermarket downstairs in the apartment that is equipped with everything... thank you very much. They are very good people and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-brilant.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Brilant are treated to rooms that are not just spaces to rest but windows to the breathtaking beauty of Vlorë, each featuring a balcony that presents an awe-inspiring mountain panorama. Beyond the view, each room is a haven of comfort, equipped with a private bathroom complete with a shower and plush bathrobes, alongside the convenience of air conditioning and a desk, catering to both leisure and business travelers. The added charm of a city view from these rooms further enhances the stay, ensuring every moment is imbued with the essence of Vlorë.

Situated a comfortable distance from notable landmarks, with Kuzum Baba only 3.9 km away, Vila Brilant serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich tapestry of the area's cultural and natural attractions. For international guests, the journey to this exquisite retreat is facilitated by its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 150 km away, making it an accessible escape into the heart of Albania's coastal splendor.

Vila Brilant stands out not just for its prime location and exceptional amenities but as a family-friendly haven, offering spacious family rooms that promise a memorable stay for guests of all ages. This hotel is a testament to the blend of hospitality and beauty that Vlorë has to offer, making it a top recommendation for those planning a visit to this vibrant city.