---\ntitle: "Vila Deal"\ndescription: "Vila Deal emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, situated merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450406410.jpg?k=b40d8036d356152cfa9e5185578a8a1145477bfacd48f1d30901c933df572697&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-deal\naddress: "Rruga Gjergj Araniti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87850472\n  lng: 19.99878735\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 6.9\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450406410.jpg?k=b40d8036d356152cfa9e5185578a8a1145477bfacd48f1d30901c933df572697&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464356541.jpg?k=6e1466115e78d16c39fb25ce80b9d67da4725c551110c4ff5cadff3f99304267&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464358075.jpg?k=51d8ed4810ff573ba2d674306c7d0a5cdce6ad21019a97264fd4b83e9c9684eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464356271.jpg?k=107380c06298b9a3ea0e6a489cab0b91e2f987822c4791a815b8a76369db27ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464357743.jpg?k=0bd50317b8013c8480f1816c146ddaddbb4a1d4193627d8e06a29a0dbf604148&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450406472.jpg?k=cc557963023c9da35cc85726b5be78a2e6b0fe20f3902652c1de081a24e0db96&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ali Pasha 300 m"\n  - "PIZZA SAVOS 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 900 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alesia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The house is very comfortable and clean. It’s quite a walk to get there (15-20 min to the beach or city center) but to be honest it was nice bc the city gets very loud at night so we could have some peace. The balcony view makes it also very...”"\n  - name: "Niamh"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“This was a beautiful apartment located a short walk to the sea, and close to the main promenade. It had air conditioning which made it very comfortable. Edmund and his wife were extremely helpful, flexible with check-in and went above and beyond...”"\n  - name: "Olena"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I liked everything very much. There was a request for a room with a sea view - we got what we asked for. The owner even met us upon arrival. Thank you for staying in the apartments.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-deal.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Deal are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony, ensuring guests can enjoy the fresh sea breeze from the privacy of their accommodation. The modern amenities include air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler. For those who prefer to dine in, select units feature a well-appointed kitchen, complete with an oven, alongside a cozy seating area.

The convenience extends beyond the rooms, with a minimarket on-site, ensuring essentials are always within reach. Guests are invited to unwind in the serene garden, offering a peaceful retreat from the bustling city.

Exploration is effortless from Vila Deal, with Saranda Bay Beach just 2 km away, promising a day of sun-soaked leisure. For the adventurers, the historic Butrint National Park is within a 18 km journey, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the guest house.

Vila Deal, with its strategic location and thoughtful amenities, positions itself as an ideal base for both relaxation and adventure in Sarandë.