---\ntitle: "Vila Tirona"\ndescription: "Vila Tirona emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361579069.jpg?k=d2ad8e3537ee3d77f73ff77aeb6c21aa5bf55d7320736f5e58a1b23a635c5627&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-tirona\naddress: "Rruga Agaveve, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30978063\n  lng: 19.48479115\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361579069.jpg?k=d2ad8e3537ee3d77f73ff77aeb6c21aa5bf55d7320736f5e58a1b23a635c5627&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458218602.jpg?k=3915c002b0d16fc512eaf5b015715f1720f7e82a93ffc1b00809278bdaf95256&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360547661.jpg?k=31c32a4c8e3eab53e689d3c9c9aca1aed6746768297cb53b04716fbc849601e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360547654.jpg?k=608ef824de2612e1ba85087f75e1c8fca2dbe0888c1df2a9b6aff160b272a289&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360547652.jpg?k=5db22288205d44e29638266ac4c36a818e6f2af757ba831266815832aed41316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361577209.jpg?k=084371ce0ba5b00507bdb7f6d9d5cb9fddb6bbefaa141a34317b603809e212a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kosova 20 m"\n  - "Hotel & Misiri 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Beautiful accommodation in a great location, clean, close to the beach. The hosts are friendly, hospitable, always available. All praise and recommendations!!!”"\n  - name: "Dalin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The landlord was very kind and offered us a large apartment. It was very clean and the beds were comfortable. There is a fantastic view over the sea.”"\n  - name: "Erald"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The owner was a very nice and hospitable guy. We were there earlier and we could also check in earlier. He gave us great tips about the best restaurants nearby and other places to go to.
The bed was comfy. We parked the car just outside the hotel.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-tirona.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts an array of family rooms, each equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with flat-screen TVs in every room, alongside private bathrooms featuring walk-in showers and hair dryers. For those who prefer to dine in, select units come with a well-equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, stovetop, and all necessary kitchenware, alongside the convenience of heating facilities.

Vila Tirona is not just about the comfort of its rooms. It positions guests perfectly to explore Durrës and its surroundings. Whether it's engaging in local fishing activities or planning a day trip to nearby attractions like the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located 42 km away, or the Rock of Kavaje, just 6.7 km from the property, there's plenty to do and see. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 32 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, Vila Tirona stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to experience the best of Durrës, combining the comforts of home with the excitement of travel.