---\ntitle: "Vila Dura"\ndescription: "Vila Dura emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach and the vibrant Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/165697568.jpg?k=bfee893a8ac9c246c6caae7e73d61cc82a295717eda9d21d5fbb2d04543deda1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-dura\naddress: "Tafil Buzi & Riza Cerova 18, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77333998\n  lng: 20.0071594\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 77\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/165697568.jpg?k=bfee893a8ac9c246c6caae7e73d61cc82a295717eda9d21d5fbb2d04543deda1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348983594.jpg?k=46b01825d217baff11c626bc8b3daaa1ce5079e1afca6fa36c64d6c7fbc15fb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348986659.jpg?k=f5ea15ceb34b6af33ecabbba465721595e524ae0bc4aeef576901f64adebb1e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493210591.jpg?k=cb5841fbc6553dfec7202caf542fc4f166ddd2564032c4d750941505d10ea299&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493210581.jpg?k=091c7c9fe2ebe6bf52a8caf49c5c5856086e1a64b957569750fdf296bfe13065&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467037036.jpg?k=b88d012e6df0bb82e24cef29e06978e129af583d134ea499d2dfef4d3b806d36&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment - Ground Floor"\n  - "Apartment with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Bobbig"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very clean Amazing water pressure and hot water
Private balcony
Good location, close to supermarket
Shared kitchen The lady who was running the place when I was there was very friendly, I got sick during my stay and she lent me a water kettle to...”"\n  - name: "Marijana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The hosts are very hospitable, very hard-working, hard-working people, very positive, as are the other guests, all happy and satisfied! I would warmly recommend this apartment and the hosts to everyone. All the Best.”"\n  - name: "Matt"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Great place to stay, very friendly owners, big rooms, good value. I recommend going down to The Last Bay to avoid the chaos of Ksamil”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ali-dura-apartments-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are greeted with the convenience of a private entrance to their apartment, ensuring a seamless arrival experience. Inside, each apartment is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and access to free WiFi, catering to the modern traveler's needs. The thoughtful layout includes a terrace or balcony in every unit, where guests can enjoy garden or city views while dining al fresco, adding a touch of romance to every meal.

The accommodations are well-appointed, boasting a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment, a dining area for intimate meals, a well-equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a private bathroom with a shower. Additional amenities such as a desk and kettle in each unit underscore Vila Dura's commitment to guest comfort and convenience.

For those looking to enjoy the great outdoors, the apartment complex features a picnic area, perfect for a leisurely day under the sun. The location of Vila Dura is unbeatable for explorers, with easy access to local attractions such as Sunset Beach, Ksamil Beach 7, and the exotic Bora Bora Beach. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is within a manageable distance, making Vila Dura an excellent choice for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Vila Dura offers a blend of convenience, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a top pick for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.