---\ntitle: "Vila shabani"\ndescription: "Vila Shabani emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477915888.jpg?k=feb5558088744cb917ca1dbcbcf13ab13fdabe011d5aaa5cc2f3211f8a15bb0c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-shabani\naddress: "Galip mane 3, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87129424\n  lng: 20.02739295\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 6.8\nratingWords: "Average"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 6.8\n  location: 6.3\n  cleanliness: 7.2\n  facilities: 6.3\n  value: 6.9\n  comfort: 6.9\n  staff: 6.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477915888.jpg?k=feb5558088744cb917ca1dbcbcf13ab13fdabe011d5aaa5cc2f3211f8a15bb0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376828038.jpg?k=db532d1fe237c3013b4931c9b7b9398911c69245967cde21f0d205f2b3b6ed38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477915887.jpg?k=15c49473c677ee83a3bba86cbb68a8b2bc257cd979fe2ee9ff9d6eebadf02e65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477915464.jpg?k=879ad661d0c8939e0cd175dac7eced9d8c60a5d264b81a85ebcf0ca381143409&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381759389.jpg?k=0cd3e7ead53f4856bb196170f0c59ccea5c5da4c3b56cc0197db7cbc4c474c85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477915461.jpg?k=6be363645cdc32d1ede4482dfc73c72cf5ad4c1db3f2645e1bd1effad9f11e3b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\n  - "Apartment with Mountain View"\n  - "Standard Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Fast Food 40 m"\n  - "Pizzeri Mejdani 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.4 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-shabani-saranda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Vila Shabani is a testament to modern comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected. The convenience of free private parking adds to the seamless experience. For those who appreciate a view, select units boast terraces that offer a serene spot to unwind after a day of exploration.

Beyond the beaches, the apartment is a convenient base for exploring the wider region. The historic Butrint National Park, a treasure trove of ancient ruins, is just 17 km away, offering a fascinating day trip for history enthusiasts. Further afield, the ancient city of Fanoti can be found 50 km from Vila Shabani, presenting an opportunity for an adventurous excursion into Albania's rich past.

For travelers arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 94 km from the property, making Vila Shabani an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors. This apartment complex stands out not only for its prime location but also for its commitment to providing a comfortable and convenient stay, making it a top pick for travelers to Sarandë.