---\ntitle: "Vila Mihasi"\ndescription: "Vila Mihasi stands out as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, offering a serene escape less than a kilometer away from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587802.jpg?k=bde2c001b000549b30241702a0e49a7e07b54e03debe303c961ac81975c46d63&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-mihasi\naddress: "Rruga: Ali Pash tepelena, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77342927\n  lng: 20.01097177\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 144\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587802.jpg?k=bde2c001b000549b30241702a0e49a7e07b54e03debe303c961ac81975c46d63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587781.jpg?k=a39b5f1c073fdd9099ad6dea3beaba389d81eecb7fa446463ac0401dadadf363&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587752.jpg?k=37f830424f4473cf5491d63345850f51971b522ef5181faf9fecc57dd88df9d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587759.jpg?k=0a7d6581d200d89380f4f4aee822067743072892ab65fec99703ad91814e34de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587762.jpg?k=36801331cebd00dc03284b1e1dc3102e7494ad1d289261d3c316c2fc2f54ad08&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587768.jpg?k=ecb6fecb17a56bf1a8de2c0e02c3b688683eb63f39a1a67a1e91cb3ff36186ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587769.jpg?k=50572f0af65d1d088f17215210d2346469af436f1856d0fe8f39a2d52642cd18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587758.jpg?k=0aac090fd8b8cb2096468876c030b2f2806990addab6b85fc294fe709c1c5b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347587806.jpg?k=b9f41be3879ef699fd4342cc6847f58c414007b3687684de86d365bc0b9c4918&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1.1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1,000 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ece"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Thanks for the warm welcoming. I definitely recommend the hotel. 10 min to the closest beach by walking. Room was so clean and comfortable. Having a balcony was good for drying to clothes. I expect nothing more. The owner of the hotel really...”"\n  - name: "Philip"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“The host couple was lovely - extremely warm and helpful. The room was comfortable and functional.”"\n  - name: "Denis"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The apartment was spacious, nice and clean and it met all our expectations. We had the possibility to park our car safely within the fences of the house. The hosts were very helpful and kind. If you want to stay in Ksamil away from crowd, this...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mihasi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nConnectivity is a breeze at Vila Mihasi, thanks to the complimentary WiFi available throughout the property. Social gatherings are elevated with the hotel's own bar and barbecue facilities, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. For those seeking entertainment, the hotel's dedicated staff are on hand to ensure an engaging stay, complemented by the convenience of an on-site ATM.

Comfort meets functionality in each guest room, which is equipped with air conditioning, a desk, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The private bathrooms, complete with fresh bed linen and towels, ensure a private and comfortable experience. Additionally, each room features a terrace, offering captivating views of the cityscape, while a fridge in every room adds an extra layer of convenience.

Guests at Vila Mihasi can start their day with a choice of continental or vegetarian breakfast options, catering to diverse dietary preferences. The hotel's prime location means that the stunning Sunset Beach is also less than a kilometer away, with Coco Beach just a leisurely 13-minute walk from the property. For those looking to explore beyond Ksamil, Corfu International Airport is 93 km away, making Vila Mihasi an ideal base for both local and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in this picturesque region.