---\ntitle: "Vila 90 Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila 90 Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478997405.jpg?k=56a1be4135bd37404693fdfdd517a075907af95d96db0b8f605a339781060da2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-90-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33100531\n  lng: 19.81296937\nprice: "US$69"\npriceFrom: 69\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 134\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478997405.jpg?k=56a1be4135bd37404693fdfdd517a075907af95d96db0b8f605a339781060da2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478978608.jpg?k=b7f78f1a411fac7b9809a7605c3bd0148ddbdbdec8e1544a9b6221c2be0b6717&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478985950.jpg?k=56e581ed41b98f4e25f04257877ccaf78210b05d312886a6f95c062e55efa3d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478311030.jpg?k=8c3f73fcba0dfcef2a313187c7da53da9d5b94933282e3700c5e5f451d246043&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478989477.jpg?k=3963816e2bb8a489ea35e0b3351237ab08cef9fdcb7a84221ab85ea8401b607d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478310655.jpg?k=cfff55a6f3703825101ec05d8a179d8c6f9ab5d2d174cd584b4773dcddb060d5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Twin Room with City View"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Korcare 30 m"\n  - "Melbourne Bar 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 250 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 500 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 550 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Paweł"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Place is clean, located in the city center. Staff is very helpful and polite. They also offer delicious breakfast.”"\n  - name: "H"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Great location, friendly and competent staff.
Traditional breakfast is delicious, bed comfortable, quiet room and nice shower.
Perfect!”"\n  - name: "Sercan"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“I’m going to describe my stay in three sentences.
Amazing owner, amazing staff ( especially security uncle Neziri) And amazing location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-90-boutique.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail in the design of Vila 90 Boutique Hotel's accommodations is evident. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with a wardrobe, a desk, and a flat-screen TV, catering to both leisure and business travelers. Select rooms further enhance the guest experience with the addition of a balcony, offering picturesque views of the city's dynamic landscape. The provision of bed linen and towels in every room underscores the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

Beyond the rooms, Vila 90 Boutique Hotel extends its hospitality through a range of communal amenities. The terrace and bar present perfect settings for guests to unwind after a day of exploration, offering panoramic views of the city. The shared lounge area fosters a sense of community, inviting guests to relax and socialize in a stylish setting. Moreover, the hotel's dedication to providing an allergy-free environment emphasizes its focus on guest well-being.

Strategically located, Vila 90 Boutique Hotel is within proximity to several of Tirana's key attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and the National Museum of History Albania. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is just 5.4 km away, promising an adventure with breathtaking views. The convenience is further enhanced by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 13 km from the hotel.

In summary, Vila 90 Boutique Hotel stands out as a premier destination for those who seek to immerse themselves in the culture and history of Tirana while enjoying the refined comforts of a boutique hotel experience.