---\ntitle: "Vila Toskaj"\ndescription: "Vila Toskaj emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Vlorë, boasting a prime location that places guests just moments away from the pristine Liro Beach, the tranquil Ri Beach, and the lively Coco Bongo Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527683629.jpg?k=b2da39a7d48bf94f032af453494ac360aa0561284ca72dcee4fe3a2b40359ff7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-toskaj\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Konomi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.41927877\n  lng: 19.49008523\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 106\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527683629.jpg?k=b2da39a7d48bf94f032af453494ac360aa0561284ca72dcee4fe3a2b40359ff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527681510.jpg?k=0dee3bd9160d5d0286f014d1b1e124eb6405962f1ebe3fa1ada77b1414de338d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527681441.jpg?k=8c98f097601f53e9c405f0502661dc87536601f0312a0e24162ad72a0af72b9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527681361.jpg?k=5fa5846ac9b2ba930e8f32c013f989dd5eeb606e04d3e9aa12f703a818467571&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527855852.jpg?k=5e9c2162d7c9effe88088d411893fd20095123760215a40575453656dfae2b31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527681654.jpg?k=57b0e775a9b6153d7dae505b321a1d6c203cc2acadf67d4e09ceaddf10bcc20e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374174371.jpg?k=ea48f1cb833b7a88070f9d79589cf9c243aac236a697f1992ba75daa64548b42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527683659.jpg?k=c8c1f4b94b9cc502869bc759a5227334b0325da13de7c9afd5541dc934f22b7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527855750.jpg?k=f5f0412de09ba93fe7333dc57d64390b8b4814541fd4dc921ebc51ba88a68a73&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Family Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tiku & Mato 250 m"\n  - "Tekada 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 300 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 900 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Sunny Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.9 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tiagosgd"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly throughout the stay. The room has a spectacular view of the sea. The room and kitchen are well-equipped.”"\n  - name: "Ludicane"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Perfect view. The host, dear mr. George and his family. Garden. Position of property. Terace.”"\n  - name: "Clancy"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“George, the owner, was an incredible host. So friendly and knowledgeable. The garden was amazing and a great place fow a beer or meal in the evening. You can help yourself to any fruit that is ripe in the garden. The rooms were nice, the balconies...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vue-sur-mer.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into air-conditioned rooms that blend comfort with convenience, featuring complimentary private parking and WiFi access. Each apartment is a haven of relaxation, presenting a balcony that frames stunning sea vistas, alongside a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The well-appointed kitchen, equipped with an oven, toaster, fridge, and kettle, caters to every culinary need, while the private bathroom comes stocked with a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are thoughtfully provided in all units.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Vila Toskaj extends its hospitality to younger guests with a delightful children's playground and offers a picturesque picnic area for families and friends to gather and create lasting memories.

Situated a mere 6.2 km from the historic Kuzum Baba and 6.4 km from the iconic Independence Square, the property serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 155 km away, making Vila Toskaj an accessible escape for both local and international visitors seeking tranquility and convenience in equal measure.