---\ntitle: "Vila Bedro"\ndescription: "Vila Bedro emerges as a serene oasis in Sarandë, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Pasqyra Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376201363.jpg?k=21b50c90a9e7daa18a3251ad091acfe90a7d7420d980f784409343ca82694d8d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-bedro\naddress: "Rruga Pasqyrat, 9704 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.80442125\n  lng: 20.00767094\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 54\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376201363.jpg?k=21b50c90a9e7daa18a3251ad091acfe90a7d7420d980f784409343ca82694d8d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383339702.jpg?k=054a5f893892e239d31d76611ff241954b39c28ed1ba58e1b327b9e9696735d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383338939.jpg?k=3cbb83f7b50f27bc0c1e0997875143b0ffe0789e5e7e5f9a8c442dfc14f4ef77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383339476.jpg?k=fb03fc74af2e62abf6da0c91695beec287474b0ad5c21afe1b330c1a1f377f0f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383343177.jpg?k=4f42616990d68606e8773e3faa94048db06d275d6cf6129c45a911b4467a40f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383342905.jpg?k=8ba0ab22748948a185822055224b972c3079a7c1c61f35ecacb7dad4a60fcece&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383336535.jpg?k=b11a6f45c73a031c69a4b6826f6a8245300d53ee8262e2a9eeac9df6b9e9401d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376201390.jpg?k=de70f2df715662766bb1a13419e038e29d77c55ce51467796ce0fc16aae8a710&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383342941.jpg?k=930c5a5837204f4b79c1ee25dc718b0671986d51074dbed4fe7f3582e2540c60&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pasqyra 200 m"\n  - "Panorama Eni 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 750 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 4.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 23 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rosie"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Me and my boyfriend stayed here over the summer , we had such a lovely time our favourite location out of kasmil and Sarande. The hosts were amazing and so friendly they could fix any problem. The most amazing Beaches are 5 minute walk away....”"\n  - name: "Roksoliana"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The location was amazing, place is very cozy and comfortable, just a few mins down to Pasqyra beach, with beautiful views. Shpella e Pellumbave beach is in 10 mins walking distance. The place was very clean, equipped with everything needed, the...”"\n  - name: "Michał"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I have absolutely loved my stay there. I looked for something away from the noise of crowded Ksamil and Vila Bedro exceeded my expectations. It was an amazing pleasure to sit outside on the porch and enjoy sound of sea waves, birds and goats'...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-bedro.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Bedro are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each room boasts a balcony that frames breathtaking mountain vistas, alongside a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom adorned with bathrobes and a hairdryer for that touch of home. Air conditioning is standard across all units, with select rooms featuring a terrace for an even more immersive experience. Practicalities are not overlooked, as each space includes a desk and a kettle, catering to both leisure and business needs.

Beyond the confines of its rooms, Vila Bedro invites guests to enjoy its communal offerings. A picnic area provides the perfect backdrop for leisurely afternoons, while the on-site barbecue and garden promise delightful moments of relaxation and socialization.

For those eager to explore, Vila Bedro's location serves as an ideal base. Manastir Beach is just a short drive away, offering another slice of coastal paradise, while Pulebardha Beach presents itself as a tranquil escape from the everyday. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is within reach, making Vila Bedro a compelling choice for both local and overseas visitors.

In essence, Vila Bedro stands out as a haven of comfort and convenience, offering a blend of natural beauty and thoughtful amenities that cater to the needs of every guest.