---\ntitle: "Vila Konomi"\ndescription: "Vila Konomi emerges as a serene oasis in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, a stone's throw away from the pristine Sarande Main Beach and merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410457170.jpg?k=eb207e4872fe8ea35d42b595918eb0f880bb6660f8aae4df392288d7f87500a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-konomi\naddress: "Rruga Janaq Kumi, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87439606\n  lng: 19.99158741\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410457170.jpg?k=eb207e4872fe8ea35d42b595918eb0f880bb6660f8aae4df392288d7f87500a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448906384.jpg?k=99ba1a5f03620de40edc2f8ef00c940d8c2b16d71c2fa53005f67c964ef26b17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448906409.jpg?k=48ca654d4ab5f3677be9a2940147f5e8aaef4a7a61dd44042817c9e58d671be1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448906364.jpg?k=84c75ce840929fdb6943c71a1e044de2a92ba52441246e88e31dac02b3a62d10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410948304.jpg?k=4183fecfb19bba331646705939bed63ab8fecfc94f14ea76e1456c792fc8c75b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410948310.jpg?k=f282ae6a266c44ef81cf0680732ae678584af02cde7f04d4ac8bd26d475342d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448905370.jpg?k=0b9e9b23d6fbde807f186a1c0449d7748688f8797ddb860df93b37eac48c33e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448906221.jpg?k=baf1ed3a181fc57af273aad2054e926929ca6ff66ea72fb0b2d3214213c72875&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410457181.jpg?k=092837aa3fb7155ba17f978134c857bc041b7230aaea62f2f56711498c271ba4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Comfort Quadruple Room"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Studio"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Beni Peshkatari 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 300 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 900 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Behar"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Perfect accomodation for a family. Definately would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Ventura"\n    country: "Argentina"\n    text: "“The place is very nice and cozy..everything very clean and tidy... The location is also very good! A very nice and comfortable place sincerely!!!!”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice hosts, the room was above average size and very well-equipped. Cleanliness was great!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/stela-apartment-sarande12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Konomi is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting air-conditioned rooms complemented by complimentary private parking and WiFi access. The charm of the accommodations is elevated by balconies that present breathtaking views of the sea, mountains, or the meticulously maintained garden. The heart of these units lies in the fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven and stovetop, designed for those who find joy in crafting their meals. Moreover, the provision of towels and linens, available upon request, adds a layer of ease to the stay. The living spaces are thoughtfully furnished with a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, ensuring a blend of functionality and comfort.

For guests inclined to explore the surroundings, Vila Konomi facilitates both bicycle and car rental services, making it effortless to venture into the city or visit the nearby Saranda City Beach, located 1.6 km away. The allure of nature is within reach as well, with Butrint National Park standing 18 km from the property, offering a glimpse into Albania's rich history and natural beauty. For those traveling from afar, the property eases the journey with a paid airport shuttle service from Ioannina Airport, situated 98 km away.

Vila Konomi stands as a beacon of tranquility and convenience, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is enriching, making it a top choice for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and culture of Sarandë.