---\ntitle: "Vila Borgjeze"\ndescription: "Vila Borgjeze stands out as a serene retreat in Korçë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416190711.jpg?k=3d18298061df9286129a73cf8546e77aa87dbdfc1790a2aacabc8b50a55148b5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-borgjeze\naddress: "Rruga Kryepeskopi Anastas Korce, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61667194\n  lng: 20.7818625\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 188\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416190711.jpg?k=3d18298061df9286129a73cf8546e77aa87dbdfc1790a2aacabc8b50a55148b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468416663.jpg?k=9863caf6ac5e3b284e59770f0cf47d4141073f4be79ce33f7e8872349f0a3f88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468429225.jpg?k=deb5d293dfa93ed4e9b669e633e7134c4a8c8a9b9e9e281907201216437e5ea3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468418068.jpg?k=471bda1d39ecc8755cc4a7c6a8b7053e45a6692575d638280043585710980765&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468416653.jpg?k=f2a2fa9a6b8e51b6dd2d597a930c2f3f6a5646ce30b68d7cc2d4474fa78a1eb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468418244.jpg?k=8e0b73b12926002abdd58ae4c642cc2e1a46a3f71c921f818307f4aed154c93d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Classic Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\n  - "Classic Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Romea 50 m"\n  - "Bujtina Liceu 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 150 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 200 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 250 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ibrahim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I would definitely visit it again, and recommend it to friends. The architecture of the hotel, inside and outside, was impressive.
The rooms were clean, and the staff were very welcoming.
We also had dinner at the restaurant, very delicious...”"\n  - name: "Catalina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Korce is one of our favorite destinations, especially during this season and although this was not the first hotel we've tried here, it will definitely be the last one as we would be more than happy to come back. The hospitality is amazing, you...”"\n  - name: "Juxhin"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. Clean, quite, friendly staff and too close to the city center.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-borgjeze.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach room at Vila Borgjeze is thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring a balcony that allows for moments of quiet reflection or a breath of fresh air. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day. For those who value connectivity and entertainment, the hotel offers free WiFi and flat-screen TVs in every room, with select accommodations also providing captivating city views. The added convenience of air conditioning in each room guarantees a comfortable and relaxing environment regardless of the season.

Situated conveniently close to the Monastery Saint Naum, and with Kastoria National Airport just 71 km away, Vila Borgjeze serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural heritage of the region. Whether visiting for leisure or seeking a peaceful escape, guests will find Vila Borgjeze to be a perfect choice for an unforgettable stay.