---\ntitle: "Vila Anhel"\ndescription: "Vila Anhel emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Ksamil, situated merely a short stroll from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301245086.jpg?k=a440aa14d6199c65080ff887e29817b8b5366f16c3427093e5ba2fccc23005a7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-anhel\naddress: "SH81, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77476454\n  lng: 20.0041337\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301245086.jpg?k=a440aa14d6199c65080ff887e29817b8b5366f16c3427093e5ba2fccc23005a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301244932.jpg?k=35f311c3bb4e0b92fe351fb196ad29cf99712884c58b26b3b54d364a1f5f96d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301250214.jpg?k=6847220c0ff723ac0d5796bf504db8f7bfa1cd15322f9d4333fc68caad9f5160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301250188.jpg?k=71ee4674f88e9132bf03ac8f8cff02466411b1792bbf7803385838b120fc87ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301244870.jpg?k=74fa5174923143472e22f77f8c6f5b025c552de8b62bdd6763c87cde75aae7d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301250198.jpg?k=570108bcce27dcd023c22b4e276dd50e5d544e528cf80a936500454591d15487&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shakesbeer 100 m"\n  - "Meat House 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 250 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Good"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“What a great stay at Vila Anhel! A short walk from the beach and very easy to find. We arrived in the evening but had no trouble at all checking in and having a parking spot available. The road fortunately is paved up to the vila as in Ksamil we...”"\n  - name: "Weronika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Tiny, but well equipped modern apartment, mosquito nets, private parking, good working AC & WiFi, few minutes walk to the beach, promenade, shops. We arrived a bit too early and the room wasn't ready yet, but the owners let us leave our car and go...”"\n  - name: "Vira"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Ksamil is perfect. We spent there 4 lovely days. Villa Anhel is located near the beach and the centre. Which is why we have everything we need nearby. We use public transport to get to the Butrint Cyty and to Sarranda also. It’s also neably and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studio-apartments-anhel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vila Anhel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV boasting an array of cable channels. The convenience of a kitchenette, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, alongside a kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals. The dining area serves as a perfect spot for enjoying home-cooked meals. Private bathrooms are well-appointed with a hair dryer, shower, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start to the day. To add to the comfort, bed linen and towels are graciously provided in each unit.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are invited to unwind in the serene garden, offering a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

Located a mere 800 meters from Coco Beach and less than a kilometer from the famed Ksamil Beach 7, Vila Anhel positions itself as an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 93 km away, making Vila Anhel an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Vila Anhel stands out as a top choice for those in search of a comfortable, well-equipped stay in Ksamil, promising an unforgettable experience with its blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility.