---\ntitle: "Vila Vadeha"\ndescription: "Vila Vadeha emerges as a serene oasis in Pogradec, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience amidst the scenic beauty of the region."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466064576.jpg?k=a67f17a139cd6d0b2613317b834b7418f6270a097e2218323b598aac0e1b8803&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-vadeha\naddress: "10 Rruga Dëshmorët e Pojskës, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90113712\n  lng: 20.6684073\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.3\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466064576.jpg?k=a67f17a139cd6d0b2613317b834b7418f6270a097e2218323b598aac0e1b8803&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468837812.jpg?k=1471e9442a2afd687ad6c3f81b22e78baa882f2fd4032b27714e6199c0c1eb6d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473137550.jpg?k=779e91a5190da7bc9f0022942f6ac730fa781b7cf57315cd66993d95b0574648&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468838800.jpg?k=f51939b33b10d22ec70b6e62cabaf3caeb39d3d2a65492f0d40ff34046a74c6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473134945.jpg?k=3811ca8c29f53a69603d9ddf6771275dd709bf2a197d711653feb7262ca70a78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469037324.jpg?k=4a72167a12a7d58421aae679b167d2f66310ff500b3867ce1253f814aec315d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468837896.jpg?k=b57a8344c689ebc9275951ce406d4d9ee92f6e4165f7b25d4a05bca3c7141b54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473133862.jpg?k=1f2721b803f5d513b66c75057dfd7072964885079136e5e9eb2331ebf53d1df0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384921111.jpg?k=c8f4cc0556a5094e2de7805d3e0877071924a8edeaf3baf3000822326b83d00c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Double Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Lake View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Lake View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Lake View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Te Babo 20 m"\n  - "The Change 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 250 m"\n  - "National Park Galicica 6 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dániel"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“It is literally in the lakeside.,with a view from the room. Friendly staff.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The rooms (and the beds) are very comfortable and the location is great, right on the lake with lots of restaurants, shops and the promenade in front of the door.
The owner is very accomodating and friendly. He helped me with the onward travel and...”"\n  - name: "Luis"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place is comfortable, easy to find and it is good value for money.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-vadeha.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Vadeha are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The hotel prides itself on providing spacious accommodations, each boasting a balcony that offers breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and the city's vibrant life. The attention to detail is evident in every room, where guests can find modern comforts such as a private bathroom equipped with a shower and complimentary toiletries, alongside thoughtful touches like high-quality bed linen and towels.

The property doesn't just excel in offering a restful night's sleep. It also ensures that guests' needs are met with free WiFi and the convenience of complimentary private parking, a rarity in such a sought-after location. The lush garden serves as a tranquil retreat where one can unwind and soak in the natural beauty of Pogradec.

For those keen on exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural wonders of the area, Vila Vadeha serves as a perfect gateway. The hotel is within easy reach of significant landmarks, including the Early Christian Basilica, Port Ohrid, and the Church of St. John at Kaneo. Moreover, the proximity to the Monastery Saint Naum and the Cave Church Archangel Michael invites guests to delve into the region's spiritual heritage.

In summary, Vila Vadeha is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a harmonious blend of natural beauty, cultural exploration, and unparalleled comfort, making it a top choice for travelers seeking an unforgettable experience in Pogradec.