---\ntitle: "Vila-Amo, Suites&Rooms in Tirana Center"\ndescription: "Vila-Amo, Suites&Rooms in Tirana Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420223592.jpg?k=cb8604eccab520629e3dcea01db5a4f4c0a415373dcfa4932c96876752aa9574&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-amo-suites-rooms-in-tirana-center\naddress: "Rruga Fortuzi, Bulevardi Zogu I, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33314804\n  lng: 19.81528547\nprice: "US$49"\npriceFrom: 49\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420223592.jpg?k=cb8604eccab520629e3dcea01db5a4f4c0a415373dcfa4932c96876752aa9574&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416226702.jpg?k=0a804add82ad344bd5c21741630d113178965e8cb31a7106621a649d8c00ede5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416769443.jpg?k=66817752d43297c90a7f7954e34c32ad13dd7496c7d27e4b115f96db9ef57da4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416773536.jpg?k=99f355d578c12d599c3cc3f448e41db98d75c8a9df238c8373382f9f44914aaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/416226709.jpg?k=768597d1fd5570b192c791abaf7c931347396586e78114859989616faf8d684d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485350969.jpg?k=ca9c6238cebc7ea88fac5a958308c6dc10936c175a172f71da2c35bb3de73399&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (37 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Premium Quadruple Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tak Fak 50 m"\n  - "My House 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 700 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 700 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 750 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very beautiful villa with very nice host. Central location with complicated parking situation.
There is private parking available but only limited space. If you can not find a spot you might need to park on the main road where parking is free...”"\n  - name: "Shir"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“The room was modern clean and quite big with a balcony (no view) but great to sit with your morning coffee. Also there is a clean shared kitchen. The host was very nice and gifted us home made Raki which was the best Raki we had in the whole of...”"\n  - name: "Caputo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“B&B molto accogliente pulito e soprattutto nuovissimo ... l'accoglienza e fratellanza di Armando proprietario della struttura che ci ha trattato come se fossimo parte della famiglia.
Lo ringrazio per tutto.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/amo-vila.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nPrivacy and ease define the experience at Vila-Amo, with a dedicated private entrance ensuring a seamless arrival and departure for guests. The establishment prides itself on offering a range of amenities designed to enhance the stay of every visitor. These include a shared kitchen, ensuring that guests have the flexibility to prepare meals at their leisure, complemented by full-day security and a currency exchange service, adding an extra layer of convenience and peace of mind.

The guest rooms at Vila-Amo are meticulously appointed with modern comforts and conveniences. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, a refrigerator, and a coffee machine, ensuring a stay that is both relaxing and entertaining. The private bathrooms come with plush bathrobes and slippers, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. Complimentary WiFi is available throughout, with select rooms also offering the added delight of a terrace. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of quality bed linen and towels, enhancing the overall comfort of the stay.

For those looking to explore the local flavors and conveniences, Vila-Amo does not disappoint. The property features an on-site coffee shop for guests to enjoy their morning brew or a leisurely afternoon snack. Additionally, a minimarket on the premises ensures that essentials are always within reach.

Travelers looking to venture beyond the comforts of Vila-Amo will find the car rental service offered by the bed and breakfast particularly convenient. This service opens up the opportunity to explore Tirana's rich cultural landscape, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Museum of History Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, all located within proximity to the property.

Situated just 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila-Amo also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free transition from and to the airport.

In summary, Vila-Amo, Suites&Rooms in Tirana Center stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is curated to ensure an unforgettable stay in the heart of Tirana.