---\ntitle: "Vila Jasmine"\ndescription: "Vila Jasmine emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357743024.jpg?k=e1b12fc2d9ace0cd82978dd9bbcf4df4d8c3396aab807f327b2923d56f94c0ba&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-jasmine\naddress: "Rruga Jeronim De Rada, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32670635\n  lng: 19.82565041\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 342\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357743024.jpg?k=e1b12fc2d9ace0cd82978dd9bbcf4df4d8c3396aab807f327b2923d56f94c0ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357743094.jpg?k=12ee4725b66ec172c62423b3e82a18acf86edf5b16b5fdedb445af7fcc8f9a9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361623431.jpg?k=34c3a2ae9f0267ebcaa1eb5fd6f7fef59eee947be17b87f7349aa5fa0f5f1afd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361623432.jpg?k=d96d65bbd9cf7a6200264c4620c0bdf09c65e03938752ca9be6fc2456e0be550&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361617871.jpg?k=a103bd8616001e0c3f43738eecd9bb8301a23044feb8b87f27698a786d7ae90f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357743072.jpg?k=14f68ae8a7b75a207399788c8be99b5522cc970653196f0655bc0d969ed0f20c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Stonebridge 30 m"\n  - "Taverna Vasili-2 Tiranë 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 40 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mehmet"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Villa Jasmine was beautiful. The room was very clean. Ms. Alda was there for us in every need we needed. She treated us very warmly. It was perfectly located for a city tour. We walked everywhere we wanted to see. We will definitely stay here...”"\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I loved the place - it was quiet, in a peaceful part of Tirana. I felt safe and slept well. The hotel offers free tea and coffee facilities.”"\n  - name: "Özge"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The host was very welcoming and friendly. He gave some great tips as well for local cuisine and sightseeing.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-jasmine-studio-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis charming villa doesn't just boast an enviable location; it also provides a host of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable and relaxing stay. Guests can enjoy the luxury of free WiFi and private parking, a rarity in the bustling city center. The garden offers a peaceful retreat, while the availability of airport transfers and bicycle rental services adds an extra layer of convenience for guests looking to navigate the city with ease.

Accommodations at Vila Jasmine are thoughtfully appointed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room is equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a stay that combines comfort with functionality. The inclusion of a private bathroom with complimentary toiletries, along with select rooms featuring a balcony, allows guests to unwind in their personal haven after a day of exploration. A minibar in every room provides a touch of luxury, ensuring guests have everything they need at their fingertips.

For those interested in exploring the cultural heartbeat of Tirana, Vila Jasmine is ideally located near the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Gallery of Arts Tirana. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 15 km away, Vila Jasmine represents the perfect blend of accessibility and escape for travelers seeking to discover the vibrant city of Tirana.