---\ntitle: "Vila Xhafa"\ndescription: "Vila Xhafa emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach and the tranquil Sunset Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361134698.jpg?k=a4421fc54240f7283c5aed32863018d0458f53761eac88918589367696b435eb&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-xhafa\naddress: "Gjon Pali 2, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77397555\n  lng: 20.00825197\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361134698.jpg?k=a4421fc54240f7283c5aed32863018d0458f53761eac88918589367696b435eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361134242.jpg?k=1b41c8b0ccee0382c12525110d515cf4e00c490d4569c5af76445f2d94a112b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463461048.jpg?k=8e8e10970b295a50664bfe7a42cc153f69882e63f3f9b73d4d4b955b7497f36a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457192814.jpg?k=6e50b1d719ed9c2955bffbfbedf35d8e89370c90c39f83a9c9b2c28c6d96199b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457192651.jpg?k=44028e57bb85754aa243373ddfea83a285f771004715048ef19e42462b6f07eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457192000.jpg?k=34e7479b6ebbda65a40f17157979493ee07d2d68145256b93f3c94a3795c6abd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457191652.jpg?k=642abf20adc745a28136ff86e5f26bb412d655ce024a4360d85f87b9f73531e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457191448.jpg?k=8c6abc0f1cf0b6a269f9fa143284f6a3b276b07cdc7c353d7418968635859a80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457191289.jpg?k=a0ef420b70bfe92ae95c14818307b8ef67568656c0e0b71bf59712fec93cb3f7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 50 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 600 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 900 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roberto"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Super new, comfortable, proper and clean room, it was actually the nicest of all our stay in Albania. Host were so charming (they even did our laundry once with our asking them. A bonus was the small coffee (Amantia) in front of the hotel.”"\n  - name: "Nicoleta"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The room was clean, had a great bed, new bathroom and a nice kitchen. The owners were very nice and welcoming!”"\n  - name: "Emma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Absolutely loved staying here! The family were so lovely and helpful. The location is great for the centre of ksamil- dinners were a 5 minute walk down the street (I would recommend hiring a car when visiting Albania though). It's also out of the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-xhafa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted with the convenience of a private entrance, setting the tone for a stay marked by comfort and privacy. Vila Xhafa prides itself on its accommodations, which are thoughtfully designed with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the warm Mediterranean climate. The provision of complimentary private parking and WiFi adds to the seamless experience envisioned for every guest.

The living spaces at Vila Xhafa are a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring terraces and fully equipped kitchens for those who enjoy preparing their meals. Each unit boasts a dining and seating area, complete with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The charm of the accommodations is further enhanced by private bathrooms with showers and balconies that offer an outdoor dining area against a backdrop of the garden's tranquility. Practicality is not overlooked, as each unit also includes a wardrobe for personal storage.

For those who revel in the joy of dining al fresco, the guest house's picnic area provides the perfect setting for an idyllic day spent in the embrace of nature.

Vila Xhafa's location is ideally suited for explorers and beach lovers alike, with Coco Beach and the historical Butrint National Park within easy reach. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 93 km away, making Vila Xhafa an accessible haven for those seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in the picturesque setting of Ksamil.