---\ntitle: "Vila Murati"\ndescription: "Vila Murati emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a recent renovation that has breathed new life into its walls."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685725.jpg?k=43e2f12c228b255f7930327d20b71bf57f86182d86356a6d6b23e18999590f6f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-murati\naddress: "Cheerfull Villa, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3238087\n  lng: 19.8430507\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685725.jpg?k=43e2f12c228b255f7930327d20b71bf57f86182d86356a6d6b23e18999590f6f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685712.jpg?k=e01c0fbb424353e49437f225a27d26602d36164528a9c4c70d7dfa7edac3f3c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465425767.jpg?k=11298f0d77f39cced2577d0a7900811fc693f8cc439f8c6bc81ca78c4a55dc83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685718.jpg?k=970c257e951d60297650bcc8b4df15f5641bbcf653b2065fbca02cb20bdf41da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465425779.jpg?k=c430033b66d95a972bf03536726f466b9bcadc1790cc5799ac566af86959fdc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465425760.jpg?k=ec4c9e09dba1fe9dfd83f7325bcea8dfada3bc322736054ffa7cbe23251e93f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685722.jpg?k=d742aed2fa16a353514134a3f30554ce40394a7a98182b2695f5c551c74e3ac5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465425764.jpg?k=f81506959b501d22a8e3432e535fa72c18174fc5551992bab41ad94c3b759782&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477685724.jpg?k=c4bedc903ddf0f873cf3f0c8b2e8340e30c3835c9e2345b73179f48757e724ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Garden View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.2 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meraviglia 300 m"\n  - "Bar Bilardo Luis 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.4 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 1.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.9 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Piotr"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Our stay at the Vila Murati in Tirana was really great. The apartment was super clean, comfortable and very big. Additionally, the landlords were super friendly, always available to answer our questions and very helpful. Just for example - when we...”"\n  - name: "Evangelos"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The place is quite and close to the center of Tirana. The apartment is ideal for families. We really enjoyed our stay.”"\n  - name: "Boris"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Host was ordering pizza delivery for us at 1am. Very helpful and fast response. Spotless clean, big rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/cheerful-four-room-villa-with-peace-and-quiet-tirane1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis non-smoking villa, positioned a mere 5.1 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, offers stunning garden views from its terrace, creating an idyllic setting for relaxation. Inside, guests will find two cozy bedrooms, a welcoming living room, and a flat-screen TV, alongside a fully equipped kitchen complete with an oven and toaster. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, adds a touch of home comfort. For those seeking privacy and security, the villa does not disappoint, offering a private entrance and full-day security.

Convenience is key at Vila Murati, with a minimarket located within the villa for any last-minute needs. Outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the picnic area, providing a perfect spot for a day out in the fresh air.

Cultural explorers will find the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha just 3 km away, while the Rock of Kavaje stands 46 km from the villa, offering opportunities for day trips and exploration. For guests arriving by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently 17 km away, with the villa offering a paid airport shuttle service for seamless travel arrangements.

Vila Murati stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities, privacy, and a strategic location for exploring the vibrant city of Tirana and its surroundings.