---\ntitle: "Vila Mati"\ndescription: "Vila Mati emerges as a serene retreat in Himare, striking a perfect balance between convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494890133.jpg?k=198537b56f2407957ac875140858ada428de77b0e37c26925f875ab696a1abc1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-mati\naddress: "Borsh, Vlore, Albania, Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.06131571\n  lng: 19.85744273\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494890133.jpg?k=198537b56f2407957ac875140858ada428de77b0e37c26925f875ab696a1abc1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494891338.jpg?k=7e843f205534be4ae7072fa3ed3735dfdf167e23112047cd1ff416f44957b547&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494891491.jpg?k=fbf3d96cab605a93c400451ecfba602948888f9124463d82e42c18be212124d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494890553.jpg?k=aaa85542425ba7fa25bab38034cc1ef064e7add09bd5707a9e906fe0463030a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494891481.jpg?k=75151e4f6a5c7c2db99d4f6607f3a3e734d542181a265184dd8ce232d9252038&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/494891141.jpg?k=7e4fcd41a3c0597acfb1fd3c115b6468a791655dd94c82a507fef609356ab708&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Cafe Riviera 30 m"\n  - "RIVIERA 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 4.7 km"\n  - "Palermo Beach 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 50 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 91 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mati-himare.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Mati are treated to an array of amenities designed to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room is thoughtfully equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a cool respite from the warm Mediterranean climate. The inclusion of a wardrobe, flat-screen TV, and private bathroom with complimentary bed linen and towels adds a touch of home. Moreover, the presence of a balcony in every room offers guests their own private garden view, a serene backdrop for morning coffees or evening reflections.

For those who prefer the conveniences of home cooking, selected rooms are furnished with a fully equipped kitchen, including a dishwasher, oven, and stovetop, alongside a handy fridge. This feature is particularly appealing for families or longer stays, where the option to prepare personal meals is a welcome addition.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with free WiFi available throughout the property and complimentary private parking for those traveling by car. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is located 127 km away, making Vila Mati an accessible option for international and domestic travelers alike.

Vila Mati stands out for its commitment to providing a comfortable and convenient stay, making it an excellent choice for families and solo travelers venturing to Himare.