---\ntitle: "Vila Elite"\ndescription: "Vila Elite emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442485886.jpg?k=d0b52fca00c5d59586a9e4bbd5aec9da03f49a6848c0218eca358b7e087570b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-elite\naddress: "Hasan Tahsini, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76576304\n  lng: 19.99937551\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 69\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442485886.jpg?k=d0b52fca00c5d59586a9e4bbd5aec9da03f49a6848c0218eca358b7e087570b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443540277.jpg?k=a2f38e2ef784c3da79ab9877e2222836cb4897629d78bad686b04f321c63025b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443539765.jpg?k=031359b726a83983460fff7ecbc46366c970c56073f7917d76fd6a0e840d7f30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463010333.jpg?k=94a36d4055201bb96009ede26f9b90e40517c16e805d2a65c446af973233dfae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458328220.jpg?k=54b53385a16897925fdd5d7cab155f0a241c38e0be7d2ebe90e3a5a9837a4a9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463010416.jpg?k=bfd312204899b892ad74765599a29d6e1bc650c90984878c91ee9d06bf1de432&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444372537.jpg?k=f733a4afcbfc3435e37ab7402035d8c9e108d2b90f9fa15f266f289f5128fd74&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/443539923.jpg?k=6d613b63f57c7a8640d15a83d12e576f3f2b3c43535a5a1a2a4ec552cd723467&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444372421.jpg?k=a47911997a0d915255c3a21d7f97ae816fe9f992d4f399946383171447823421&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Miri Pizzeri 100 m"\n  - "Serxho 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 250 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 400 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 450 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 300 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roberta"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Nice place in a handy location, just a short walk from the main beaches and the lively area with bars and restaurants. The room was cleaned every day, the host was helpful. Overall I would recommend it”"\n  - name: "Elena"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was fully renovated and the beds were really comfortable. It was a short walk to the beach (Bella Vista) and 3-4 mins walk to the main street. The host was very friendly and helpful! I would stay there...”"\n  - name: "Marit"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Very nice host. Clean apartment and very close to the beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-klajdi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel itself is a haven of comfort, boasting a serene garden, BBQ facilities, and captivating mountain views that can be enjoyed from the terrace. Vila Elite prides itself on its commitment to guest satisfaction, offering round-the-clock front desk service and complimentary WiFi to ensure a seamless stay.

Accommodations at Vila Elite are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for entertainment. The inclusion of a kitchen and dining area in each unit adds a touch of home, while the private bathroom comes complete with complimentary toiletries, a bidet, and a shower. For added convenience, a fridge is provided in all units, catering to the needs of guests who prefer to prepare their own meals or store snacks.

For those looking to explore beyond the local area, Vila Elite offers a paid airport shuttle service to Corfu International Airport, located 92 km away. This service ensures a hassle-free connection for international travelers, making Vila Elite an accessible and appealing choice for visitors to Ksamil.