---\ntitle: "Vila Jeti"\ndescription: "Vila Jeti emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Ksamil, offering stunning sea views complemented by a lush garden setting."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205893006.jpg?k=bafce91b29a9e4a5df40d08bf1d4c169050f6d75fc9fbb43c9d0d1ca3c68153c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-jeti\naddress: "Rruga Labëria, Ksamil, Albania, 7906 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.762777\n  lng: 19.998626\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 83\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205893006.jpg?k=bafce91b29a9e4a5df40d08bf1d4c169050f6d75fc9fbb43c9d0d1ca3c68153c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378699229.jpg?k=95d8bc61b4522ab9c83fd2e7a533ed1077168c317f67ff78e78fda4319c935e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450386322.jpg?k=eb7c2793ab767f2b4fce773cc8133285c14b867a7bd592c7dfa55430d519d185&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213726118.jpg?k=e81116fb4a1e9333d75884f5f72288bae10e435568540b59a5b528e4cee44142&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450384500.jpg?k=ca2d11118d54b064a228caff75b8b8d6e785700aa23be13749102dd762b26f42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483004047.jpg?k=833eb2d88bb78c8475bdeca2c8350afc098aa907da614d749ad8b96c8d19b826&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Sea View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 300 m"\n  - "Family 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Joshua"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The house is newly built and well done, the private bathroom is luxurious. The bed was so very comfortable I'm still reminiscing about it. I had booked a room with a garden view, but was treated to a room with balcony and sea view at no extra...”"\n  - name: "Marian"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It was a lovely experience. We appreciate the host's kindest, the room was very clean with a view at the sea. Even though we booked a room without kichen, the host took into consideration that we are with a child and he gave us a room with kitchen...”"\n  - name: "Milan"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The accommodation was excellent. We traveled on motorcycles in the Balkans and in Ksamil we took a short break to rest a little, bathe in the sea and gain new energy for the next exploration - adventure. We found accommodation for two nights in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-jeti-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa complex doesn't just promise a place to stay; it offers a home away from home with its well-appointed family rooms. Each unit is designed with comfort in mind, featuring a wardrobe for personal belongings, a balcony to enjoy the fresh sea breeze, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The convenience of air conditioning and a private bathroom in every unit adds to the comfort of guests, while a desk in each room ensures that those who need to stay connected or work can do so with ease.

For those who enjoy a drink under the sun or stars, the on-site bar serves as a perfect spot to unwind. 

Located just 1.4 km from the vibrant Bora Bora Beach and a mere 3 km from the historical Butrint National Park, Vila Jeti offers an ideal base for exploring the natural and cultural treasures of the area. Moreover, with Corfu International Airport 92 km away, it provides a feasible getaway for international travelers seeking the tranquility of Ksamil's shores.

With its combination of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a peaceful retreat, Vila Jeti stands as a distinguished choice for those planning their next coastal getaway.