---\ntitle: "Vila Ari"\ndescription: "Vila Ari emerges as a serene retreat in Borsh, a mere stone's throw from the pristine Borsh Beach and a scenic drive from the historic Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346991.jpg?k=0db53368e560119800a0928b16893b25d7d6cd2ee08e771c5459b35fe1e732d2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ari\naddress: "Rruga Plazhit, 9714 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.04399637\n  lng: 19.8571533\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346991.jpg?k=0db53368e560119800a0928b16893b25d7d6cd2ee08e771c5459b35fe1e732d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346792.jpg?k=f38f2cb2f19c6234e9bda7aa44ad244d94083501da680269fbbf1c585e674d7a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346660.jpg?k=72def91c13fdbb89083867a09ae9eedcd35fb198b9e4e3ca3ff955eecefd4472&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346760.jpg?k=85f070d13f6d03f6ed3d520b0eee59bfdfff85d201d9edd98dee33911315b385&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346705.jpg?k=22981c289c964763beafcf31c43c109c8e82defe4469d8fc915bb9f0740652bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371346754.jpg?k=d5f7eb66e5044d60b28a09ca5e6f7462746fbde5a00cdb91b61c99e5c22236b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bagni Italia Borsh 250 m"\n  - "SOLYMAR 650 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 50 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 4.7 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 4.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 48 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maximilian"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Very nice location with an amazing view. Mountains behind the house the beach right infront of the house. The place is owned by a very nice family. Clean and cozy room with a balcony. Nice garden quiet neighborhood. The best place to stay in Borsh.”"\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“House/room has everything that's needed. Kitchen is shared. Very close to the beach. Host also rents sunbeds and umbrelas on the beach.”"\n  - name: "Manuela"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The rooms were nice and big. Right in front of the beach. Walk across the property and find yourself right on the beach.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ari-borsh.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe establishment is particularly family-friendly, featuring spacious family rooms and an engaging children's playground, ensuring that guests of all ages have a memorable stay. Each apartment within the complex is thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, boasting a cozy seating area for moments of rest. The presence of a private bathroom equipped with a bidet in every unit adds a touch of privacy and convenience, complemented by the modern luxury of free WiFi. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a balcony, inviting guests to soak in the tranquil surroundings in privacy.

For those concerned with comfort during warmer days, rest assured as each unit is fitted with air conditioning, ensuring a pleasant environment regardless of the outside temperature. Entertainment needs are also well catered to with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV in every apartment, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

Situated 125 km from Ioannina Airport, Vila Ari represents an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty.