---\ntitle: "Vila Mata"\ndescription: "Vila Mata emerges as a serene retreat in the picturesque Voskopojë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378061132.jpg?k=1c129f427f60f1330a459fec4f6283ad79141fc85af51e203d0c0ad074ee6753&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-mata\naddress: "Voskopoje Korce, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63464271\n  lng: 20.59289561\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 65\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378061132.jpg?k=1c129f427f60f1330a459fec4f6283ad79141fc85af51e203d0c0ad074ee6753&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527463182.jpg?k=7cf8f527d1bd1c19178071f461f51bd2c1bc042048d57b488d6eb3f0b2961e62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378061116.jpg?k=efd00bbad7e002935a33e2100926bae8434c27ce6d2c682f09a1460a15c1c387&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365582714.jpg?k=4df0ca34f49cc3e996b6d0f332cb41842e9568452da76a588d3dbf67b66dbcc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378061126.jpg?k=ade081eb97e618d358093a79bfb4693ba2e9f5e8eecbeb75669257f0929a6514&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378061076.jpg?k=ad9579c5653e2ca66a0a62d90727494a3efa0f886a3c41a70d45f907e6c5192c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Standard Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Voskopoje 200 m"\n  - "Vila Falo 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 16 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alketa"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“we spent very good days. friendly, kind, available staff. very good conditions, warm, clean. delicious breakfast. favorable location, in the center of the village.”"\n  - name: "Irmaglassart"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very close to the center of the village, close to one of the best restaurants of the area, restaurant \"Voskopoja\", and to some of the old byzantine churches; very quiet and green around.
There is strong Wifi and heating when it is cold.
Super clean.”"\n  - name: "Zoltan"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Vila Mata is the perfect example of an efficient, affordable but at the same time comfortable and clean accommodation. The room was spacious, it was simply but tastefully decorated, it had a large bathroom with warm shower and strong water...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mata.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Mata are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each unit is well-appointed with modern amenities including a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with fresh bed linen and towels. For added security, a safety deposit box is available in all units. Select rooms elevate the experience further, boasting balconies that open up to breathtaking mountain or serene river views, and all accommodations come with ample wardrobe space.

Beyond the comfort of the rooms, Vila Mata invites guests to immerse themselves in the outdoors. An outdoor fireplace and picnic area provide the perfect setting for memorable moments under the sky, whether it's a cozy evening by the fire or a leisurely afternoon picnic with a view. The homestay's garden and baby safety gate feature underscore its family-friendly atmosphere, making it an ideal choice for guests of all ages looking to relax in a picturesque setting.

Situated 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Vila Mata is not just a place to stay but a destination that offers a peaceful escape amidst the beauty of Voskopojë. Whether it's the allure of the mountains, the tranquility of the garden, or the comfort of well-equipped accommodations, this homestay promises an unforgettable experience for those seeking a blend of relaxation and natural beauty.