---\ntitle: "Vila Arber"\ndescription: "Vila Arber stands majestically atop a hill in Golem, Kavajë, amidst a serene landscape of olive trees."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54317004.jpg?k=e0b92303826ce7b7d95ea1675cdede62c8648d7bec4f58c4d72cfdc2352bc2f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-arber\naddress: "Lagja Gezdaraj, 1002 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24947121\n  lng: 19.53312278\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.1\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 8.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.4\n  comfort: 8.3\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 6.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54317004.jpg?k=e0b92303826ce7b7d95ea1675cdede62c8648d7bec4f58c4d72cfdc2352bc2f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54297129.jpg?k=ddd3009c76a96357e660c688ff762b2ed7f1cff3b1943788a71d647507205fd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525731932.jpg?k=cc017b032ac6fbbaf92f417190b98f5835c7a94aeb44131904a1b5d9ef16d121&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/173038789.jpg?k=f0967f3a63952eb53c68deaffeed461d8f696cf9d34dcc9dc6fcf3c9c03d424d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525732016.jpg?k=0662c11f93673091b18460a083820f81106dfe11ef95630e420da0c43def02b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525731569.jpg?k=f5ae6230db60b7f0f8c453f9e765a64774421b196dbe52ccd1f1e4158cf21ed5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "2 swimming pools"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (39 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Armando 200 m"\n  - "Furrë Buke Drini 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gerarda"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We were there in september at the end of the season. Downside was that the supposedly very good restaurant was closed, but the beautiful pool was open and we were the only guests using it. The terrace and the views were stunning, breakfast was...”"\n  - name: "Kateřina"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect: a wonderful view, rooms, restaurant with delicious meals, breakfast, a great pool, table tennis. We are so thankful. The people here are VERY nice. Next time we will come back for these beautiful vibes.. Thank youuuuu....”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The pool is amazing, the rooms are spacious, the staff is very friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-arber.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests are treated to air-conditioned rooms that come equipped with cable TV and private bathrooms, ensuring a comfortable stay. Each room boasts a balcony, with select accommodations offering mesmerizing sea views or soothing garden vistas. The shared terrace, adorned with sun loungers, provides a panoramic setting for relaxation and contemplation.

Culinary delights await at Vila Arber’s restaurant, where a fusion of Albanian specialties and Italian cuisine tantalizes the taste buds. The option for al fresco dining enhances the dining experience, allowing guests to savor their meals amidst the natural splendor of the surroundings. The bar's selection of hot and cold drinks caters to all preferences, ensuring a refreshing complement to any meal.

Located just 1.3 km from the nearest beach and 11 km from the town of Durrës, Vila Arber offers both seclusion and easy access to local attractions. With free on-site parking, guests enjoy the convenience of exploring the area at their leisure.

Vila Arber emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, natural beauty, and culinary excellence.