---\ntitle: "Vila Mia"\ndescription: "Vila Mia emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469052146.jpg?k=a5812612691ec1cfd3d84811e60f4b2594a114ea99e3f4c55c8a02a137fcc591&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-mia\naddress: "Rruga Lefter Talo, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87549071\n  lng: 20.02690238\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469052146.jpg?k=a5812612691ec1cfd3d84811e60f4b2594a114ea99e3f4c55c8a02a137fcc591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469052244.jpg?k=fbb5b3fa7cb48f96b511ffc24bc6f38b98e6c6fe3fe6340cd93af4854c46affe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479821310.jpg?k=3231ec2913fe71901eee8caed4da98cfdb6792dacf52242681f13c10d06db4ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478673859.jpg?k=9d8e254434c1fbaf15f766ad73001c53c6c99c51b27e121cbf0b62e8ada60fa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473167514.jpg?k=ec9b8ac94d896232e19054c8b813f4dcce900e0b0a8852122f5fd9859780c5c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469052300.jpg?k=85580cdb30f512039cc02e127ec9a3991b2d8c15907ff18f360db4f5c4590f98&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee Fast Food 500 m"\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lucelia"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Everything was New, nice and clean. We just love it. The owner doesn't speak english or any other language beside albanisch but he was so friendly and try to help us with everything we need it. I will stay there again.”"\n  - name: "Golub"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“It was very good! Clean, comfortable and very pleasant!”"\n  - name: "Eglantina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The structure is brand new and beautiful. The cleanliness is impeccable. It is close to downtown saranda. The owners are friendly and helpful, they treated us very well and made us feel at home.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThis esteemed apartment complex caters to the needs of its guests with meticulously designed air-conditioned units. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower, ensuring a comfortable and secure stay. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in each unit, highlighting the establishment's dedication to guest comfort.

Adding to the appeal of Vila Mia is the availability of complimentary WiFi throughout the property and the convenience of free private parking for those arriving by car. The presence of a bar on-site offers a relaxing space for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

For travelers flying into the region, the nearest airport is Ioannina Airport, located 94 km away, making Vila Mia an accessible option for both domestic and international visitors. With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and unwavering commitment to guest satisfaction, Vila Mia stands as a distinguished choice for those looking to experience the best of Sarandë.