---\ntitle: "Vila Kanadeze"\ndescription: "Vila Kanadeze emerges as a serene retreat in Koplik, boasting picturesque garden views and a prime location just a stone's throw away from some of Montenegro's most significant landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473859847.jpg?k=fa369d39fd07e56e413e73f511a6c05ced8bef1e8591ae78e020cb3bf2f6f579&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kanadeze\naddress: "Razem, Malesi e Madhe, Koplik, Albania"\ncity: "Koplik"\nlocation: "Koplik"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.3442693\n  lng: 19.547883\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473859847.jpg?k=fa369d39fd07e56e413e73f511a6c05ced8bef1e8591ae78e020cb3bf2f6f579&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/497673888.jpg?k=a2d227220f4e6412d5cabd17f8bb636b073ba9e019352f26354348796f33afd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473860639.jpg?k=4022c691f0c4292ad115cbd7dcdcdaef1550b5b7e771260e826817fb20785c96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473860539.jpg?k=d82701e75fafbea5322bd9ce65be8b7e4b5a7fb110a15a1ff92971110ceeb9d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473860160.jpg?k=54464c4f166c4b06069cad893f726632d82fab41fa49ebe3696cb6c992313d94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/496925550.jpg?k=f162c010a91b242f9aad686a55c3285d9b339392f8ac75acc8cc9691c0af1ef1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473862437.jpg?k=671a4f617540508921550ff3840deb4f1bb6af6b64088b3fb8adcff669aa4bfe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473861912.jpg?k=8ec2794c343ec67fd3976cd6af1f4c2824f0044f09dbc41fb78135e7906fe1c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473862257.jpg?k=271f835f8bd9d79d4287f00a0696527dead9cb3f68278399cd570a9084535a55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marek Dragani 4.6 km"\n  - "Restorant Kapllaj 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 11 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 24 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 67 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Henrieta"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“Beautiful cottage, very spacious, tastefully decorated and with all the amenities, including an outdoors bbq area. Extra comfortable beds and linens. The hosts were amazing, they gave us precise location and check-in instructions, as well as tips...”"\n  - name: "Béla"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Gyönyörű, csendes helyen, hangulatos fa beltér....
Szuper felszerelt konyha.
Tiszta törölköző, ágynemű.
Mindkét szinten fürdőszoba, wc , bidé”"\n  - name: "Sina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was really nice with a beautiful architecture and well located near the fascinating landscapes of Razem. The living room had a lot of space and its best attribute was the fireplace where we spent most of our time. The bed rooms were...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-kanadeze.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all guests. With the convenience of complimentary private parking and the luxury of free WiFi, Vila Kanadeze caters to the needs of modern travelers seeking both comfort and connectivity.

Guests are welcomed into a spacious holiday home that opens up to a refreshing balcony and extends into a lush terrace. The home features three elegantly appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, and a well-equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, making every moment inside as enjoyable as those spent exploring the surroundings.

For those keen on exploring the spiritual and architectural heritage of the region, St. George Church and the Millennium Bridge stand 48 km away, inviting guests to venture a little further for enriching experiences. Moreover, the proximity to Podgorica Airport, just 44 km away, adds to the convenience, making Vila Kanadeze an ideal choice for travelers seeking both exploration and ease.

In essence, Vila Kanadeze is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the rich tapestry of Montenegro's culture, history, and natural beauty, all while enjoying the comforts of a thoughtfully appointed home away from home.