---\ntitle: "Vila Kristi"\ndescription: "Vila Kristi emerges as a serene oasis in Vlorë, perfectly positioned just a stone's throw away from Vjetër Beach and a brief drive from the bustling Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381403425.jpg?k=a2cfa0838f915b5798edc955438cf4e3ef24df601b2602c1333931174be97b29&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kristi\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45743085\n  lng: 19.47168528\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 7.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381403425.jpg?k=a2cfa0838f915b5798edc955438cf4e3ef24df601b2602c1333931174be97b29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467378699.jpg?k=cedb5290adc2dd9233ac4c8dbd34784fb8a074b2369e242f98846e0240bdb91b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466816602.jpg?k=a4fa5902d352db39b389e22985de15f71654333f43f5ac5b1d840f5b22d067ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466820053.jpg?k=f14180b4e98156afecf12cc51045d25ddda033be93f879f45f73bb8178eb9200&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466818901.jpg?k=32e87ce5b9b85920f6ab25ab368e1eb67c46d86cec2584f40be691e4d631dbf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502279678.jpg?k=5f47d394a4ec992df6655c0bcd2444fc4f4ba76545e92ed0f466232670264ee4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Xhelaldo 100 m"\n  - "Maison des Chefs 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sascha"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice host. The Apartment was very clean and the wifi very good.”"\n  - name: "Agnes"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Sehr schönes, neues Appartement, sehr großes, modernes Bad, gut ausgestattete Küche, in der Nähe vom Strand. Sehr sauber. Sehr nette und freundliche Besitzer”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-kristi-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit is a testament to comfort and luxury, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, a fully outfitted kitchen, and a dining area designed for memorable meals. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom that comes complete with plush bathrobes and slippers. The villa's thoughtful design includes a dressing room for personal space and a cozy seating area for unwinding.

For dining al fresco, guests have the privilege of enjoying their meals in an inviting outdoor dining area, enhancing the experience of dining under the vast, starlit sky. Convenience is further amplified with an on-site minimarket, ensuring essentials are always within reach.

Those who revel in outdoor cooking will delight in the barbecue facilities provided, perfect for a leisurely evening of culinary exploration. Situated a mere 3.2 km from Independence Square and 3.7 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, Vila Kristi serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of Vlorë. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making Vila Kristi an accessible retreat for both local and global visitors seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and tranquility.