---\ntitle: "Vila Renato Ksamil"\ndescription: "Vila Renato Ksamil emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502866.jpg?k=c193608c8c4025072d0e5cae9a2a121adf615fa01dc5ea8d084fdb8e571251b8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-renato-ksamil\naddress: "Palma and Sami Frasheri, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77075005\n  lng: 20.00731386\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 150\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502866.jpg?k=c193608c8c4025072d0e5cae9a2a121adf615fa01dc5ea8d084fdb8e571251b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502633.jpg?k=f99d377e7cf62a29ca8d2424e677668a64855a2ba004f7d700c2e88ead45cd8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502811.jpg?k=2ee3c1c591b5cccb4bf3ab58cb5cd862070c929de7aa75bfb13d6743084c28f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502715.jpg?k=1cf2d0813c9541333f473059879855b4a4c2846c8750a304c7d3f1f5c1a12b9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462999882.jpg?k=00ab250ce92538b0318ec375c1186f4092f659fd901982577d58476f6d9d15c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205502862.jpg?k=036bd0ae8b23e6062c7127394428242ed866fdd39c16800e7874428f5b3ac736&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 550 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sophie"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Great modern villa with a nice balcony and view of the lake. The host was friendly and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Fredrik"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The house was beautiful! The host were really nice. Great value for money.”"\n  - name: "Nayane"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“My apartment was huge and had everything I needed. The location is also superb, with shops, town and beaches within 10/15 min walk.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-renato.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Renato Ksamil is a haven of comfort, boasting tiled floors and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a refrigerator, making self-catering a breeze. The dining area, coupled with a flat-screen TV featuring a wide array of cable channels, ensures guests feel at home. The private bathrooms with showers add a touch of convenience, while the provision of bed linen and towels underscores the attention to detail. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony present in every unit, offering breathtaking lake views that promise to enchant guests.

The garden area provides a tranquil space for relaxation, inviting guests to unwind amidst nature's embrace. For those eager to explore, Bora Bora Beach is located less than 1 km away, with Coco Beach also within easy walking distance, offering a perfect opportunity to experience the local beach culture.

Situated 93 km from Corfu International Airport, Vila Renato Ksamil not only promises a memorable stay but also ensures ease of access, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in the heart of Ksamil.