---\ntitle: "Vila Vasili"\ndescription: "Vila Vasili emerges as a modern retreat in the heart of Ksamil's riviera, part of the pristine Butrint National Park in Southern Albania."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369472962.jpg?k=635b1e493b97a7991450689293f88213ddaf01606b4edadc28ebbd67246013b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-vasili\naddress: "Prane Ish Turizmit, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77097888\n  lng: 19.9999398\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 31\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369472962.jpg?k=635b1e493b97a7991450689293f88213ddaf01606b4edadc28ebbd67246013b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/369473052.jpg?k=3adf84e490fbc497987edb9b2a46887a73cc6ea50fb22ce6beb9570fefa6f26c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116459.jpg?k=58442cf7da77275c84489c01d554bff9860b850b893c9e5ae609fa3db11768da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116460.jpg?k=898442b5b86550f6df2d6812f3ef0c98c282a0d497a4d5e11ee099116645831d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116511.jpg?k=a0ee3c68d68d31f50889d3225962de8c61a23af013809a0496118802757a882f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116535.jpg?k=8ca8c60bccd3e3eb5b3e69ff99d530f17db338694e07e4041870c687abe65e17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116551.jpg?k=29c66b5542764cf10a91e40aa2bc4d13ac02e5e378ebd44feadb6f6699efe80e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116501.jpg?k=d2aa02639135fc4161c20bed04a239f7df393d47a4272563376cb1aed717bfee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470116531.jpg?k=5c5f47b50042f5883eb06ab44c51a67fb9475508fe9c23887652cf79c1887309&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Colosseum Hotel Bar 50 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Ksamil 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 150 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 150 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vaida"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Good location, close to Bora Bora beach, shops, restaurants. The room was very clean”"\n  - name: "Oanabugeag"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The vila has an amazing position, with great view.
Thank rooms are a bit small but very clean. Unfortunately when I remembered to take pictures of the room, we have already messed it up, but I can confirm that it looks just like the pictures....”"\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Krasne ciste ubytovanie s krasnou zahradou, ubytovanie je v skutocnosti peknejsie ako na fotkach ….velmi prijemny majitel, skoro priamo na plazi 👌”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studios-villa-vasili.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach studio at Vila Vasili boasts contemporary design, complete with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests can enjoy the comfort of a private balcony, free WiFi, and the practicality of a kitchenette. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower in every studio adds to the comfort and privacy of the stay. For those seeking breathtaking views, select studios offer expansive vistas of the sea, providing a perfect backdrop for a memorable getaway.

The property itself is enveloped by a lush shared garden, offering a tranquil setting for guests to unwind. The convenience of complimentary parking further enhances the appeal for those arriving by car.

Located a mere 15-minute drive from Sarandë Port, Vila Vasili serves as an ideal base for exploring the enchanting surroundings or simply enjoying a peaceful retreat amidst the beauty of Albania's southern coastline.