---\ntitle: "Vila Enea"\ndescription: "Vila Enea emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, boasting a prime location close to the pristine Durres Beach and a mere 38 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464815495.jpg?k=197873cdc255bbcc831da22fdd733c7ba7d339f54e588ebdf698a3e3df37d371&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-enea\naddress: "Rruga Qafe Bote, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30622653\n  lng: 19.49453628\nprice: "US$55"\npriceFrom: 55\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464815495.jpg?k=197873cdc255bbcc831da22fdd733c7ba7d339f54e588ebdf698a3e3df37d371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474355595.jpg?k=bcde99c577d6988bf34dd3a82bb8d41637ab3d07bc2cceecc21dd720baf0453c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465068872.jpg?k=9a18e8126eff78a16ad6e7b63c56955694ef7ca35b8710f588a72cf3e64dbd4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474355086.jpg?k=3c327e8b4e9c577ea0b3ad88e33ae3acbdea918492d57312dbb8b5dba0398a66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464815485.jpg?k=624e6c7310fb6372dd8624552517dfe298cf1249c2ab30b3fa995d8ddded5ce2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464815416.jpg?k=f40b2f9cf928751d84fc0e5a2761839eecce9437a810c719c398e5e837902185&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "2a 100 m"\n  - "Peshk I Freskët Braçja 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 350 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-a-amp-l.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Enea are thoughtfully designed with comfort and privacy in mind. Each room extends onto a private balcony, featuring an outdoor dining area where guests can savor their meals amidst views of the verdant garden. The attention to detail is evident in every unit, all of which come equipped with a desk and a private bathroom, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests are invited to unwind in the shared lounge area, a communal space designed for relaxation and socializing. The guest house's location also serves as an ideal base for exploring the surrounding area, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 42 km away, offering adventurous guests the chance to experience breathtaking aerial views of the region. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje is just 5 km from the property, presenting an opportunity for exploration and discovery.

For those traveling by air, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport being only 33 km away makes Vila Enea an accessible retreat. With the added benefits of complimentary private parking and free WiFi, guests are assured a stay that combines ease with elegance.

Vila Enea stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a peaceful getaway with the comforts of home, all while being within easy reach of Durrës's key attractions.