---\ntitle: "Vila Ilir"\ndescription: "Vila Ilir emerges as a charming 3-star haven in Tushemisht, offering guests a serene retreat with its lush garden, inviting restaurant, and welcoming bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445196998.jpg?k=c2c944900a7205f18c892be7299723fa8c7fc9fa36b3e5d8afdb2c20f8d29c3b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ilir\naddress: "Rruga Jovan Llakmani At the entrance of the village, 20 m to the right., 7304 Tushemisht, Albania"\ncity: "Tushemisht"\nlocation: "Tushemisht"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90225574\n  lng: 20.71930976\nprice: "US$36"\npriceFrom: 36\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 7.8\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445196998.jpg?k=c2c944900a7205f18c892be7299723fa8c7fc9fa36b3e5d8afdb2c20f8d29c3b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445197042.jpg?k=07f902a0b5bffbd2cc0f54f90b42d7d04ce5392cfe3a57add323cd66a64aa35a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445204878.jpg?k=21d2de36e34fe85212a841b9e334773cd2e7dfeee2136dcec2821ade544ba03b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445197050.jpg?k=b2465d339a847f17eeca2e06c1f1ed044e72ea60d59cc6430ff80bc92bce8b9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445201392.jpg?k=1ea8fae68842d47673057134d15329a496328bdab729ca6e2a49d3770d87f58d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445495633.jpg?k=984a9cc9acc6376aa930fd706b9a66b56b2dc5bea3b1edc4fc0b125982287f61&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Mjelma 50 m"\n  - "Hotel Saint Marena 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Galicica 2.4 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 4.2 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 10 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 29 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Taleska"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We spend a great time in this vila. We rented an apartment with a bedroo- with a single bed and a comforlable double bed. The rooms are comfortble, everyting is clean. It has two balconies. For each guest it has towels.
Tle Lake is close, good...”"\n  - name: "Renata"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“There is restaurant in the house, really tasty food, nice people and service.”"\n  - name: "Marie-france"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“We stayed in a great apartment. We highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-ilir.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best Value for Money"\nbestCategories: "Best Value for Money"\ncategory: "Best Value for Money"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its well-appointed rooms, each featuring a flat-screen TV with satellite channels for guests' entertainment. Comfort is paramount, with every room boasting a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and hairdryer, ensuring a relaxing stay. Additionally, the convenience of a fridge in each room adds a touch of home comfort.

For those seeking to engage with the local area, Vila Ilir offers a plethora of activities, with fishing in and around Tushemisht standing out as a popular choice. The property's commitment to guest satisfaction is further highlighted by the provision of entertainment staff and dry cleaning services, ensuring a hassle-free and enjoyable stay.

Cultural enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Church of St. John at Kaneo, located 35 km away, and the Monastery Saint Naum, just 2.7 km from the hotel. With Ohrid Airport 41 km away, Vila Ilir ensures ease of access for travelers, making it a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of convenience, comfort, and cultural exploration.