---\ntitle: "Vila Leonora Gjiri Lalzit"\ndescription: "Vila Leonora Gjiri Lalzit emerges as a serene oasis for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and natural beauty in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490126751.jpg?k=f8f17bcbe55d5e026aa8121e0944690bad7960e609a6e1938c239fe7eb0a8574&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-leonora-gjiri-lalzit\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit 1, 1719 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.53766678\n  lng: 19.51828724\nprice: "US$215"\npriceFrom: 215\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490126751.jpg?k=f8f17bcbe55d5e026aa8121e0944690bad7960e609a6e1938c239fe7eb0a8574&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498870913.jpg?k=d7b82843528fc843c9099e632183d3ff7cce0795d64911b796076d0c3f1bf098&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480709935.jpg?k=f980d8c81effd14076e83ad7a962078aebeaa9c6075ba4096ab4f55bd82bc8b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486270503.jpg?k=cc991f2607e56544d7d769d1da82969cb9b4076208010254656aa0bd899b2dde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480709927.jpg?k=a581429d5a80e9d22370d436a188148ee2b6f5fab01b1fb434fc009c71f60c8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498870811.jpg?k=e7e23d35e1f5f6d2842cef6afe35a45437d4a483e1b2130dff6f1a421ae40c7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480709918.jpg?k=6f6ced22a33e73ed417331944b87d2041aed8ccc14254733a51b0203802f3add&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480709945.jpg?k=68b6aaf6b42e5997dda11f873877b73c4e817ea3d0fe7d3ad04e971663b10c4d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/498871081.jpg?k=18fe91c1de761742601fcd7cfafa4e24156e39d71eba99b533db38485b2451bc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (76 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Aqua by Lura Resort 550 m"\n  - "Fish Land 1.6 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 650 m"\n  - "Rodoni Beach 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 20 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 92 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Renata"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Lokalizacja domu ze wspaniałym widokiem na morze. Gospodarze sympatyczni i kontaktowi. W obiekcie było wszystko co potrzeba. Gospodarz przywitał nas rakija😊jedyny minus to znalezienie drogi dojazdowej do domu”"\n  - name: "Valone"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“ich möchte Ihnen von Herzen für die unvergessliche Zeit danken, die meine Familie und ich in Ihrem bezaubernden Ferienhaus in Gjiri i Llalzit verbracht haben. Unser Aufenthalt war mehr als wir uns jemals hätten vorstellen können, und ich möchte...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-leonora-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a spacious apartment that is a testament to modern living with a touch of home comfort. Guests are treated to a panoramic terrace offering sweeping sea views, alongside three well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a fully equipped kitchen with a fridge. The inclusion of three bathrooms, each with a bidet and bathrobes, ensures privacy and convenience for all guests. The apartment's air-conditioned interiors, complemented by a seating area and a washing machine, underscore the property's commitment to guest comfort. Moreover, the allure of lake views adds an extra layer of tranquility to the stay.

For those who prioritize convenience, the presence of a minimarket on the premises is a thoughtful touch. Wellness enthusiasts will appreciate the variety of rejuvenating packages available, designed to invigorate the body and mind. The shared lounge area provides a relaxed setting for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

Located within easy reach of notable landmarks such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, and only 31 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila Leonora Gjiri Lalzit serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the region. Whether it's the allure of the beach or the call of the mountains, this property promises an unforgettable stay for those in pursuit of relaxation and adventure.