---\ntitle: "Vila gjiri i lalezit"\ndescription: "Vila Gjiri i Lalezit emerges as a serene retreat in Durrës, strategically positioned within a comfortable distance from notable landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493347727.jpg?k=b62296efa3ad7b6a986dcb9e5bdfd3488c9cb0323c30b6620a891d0ab44e3b71&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-gjiri-i-lalezit\naddress: "Rruga Gjiri i Lalzit, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3345247\n  lng: 19.4829869\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493347727.jpg?k=b62296efa3ad7b6a986dcb9e5bdfd3488c9cb0323c30b6620a891d0ab44e3b71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493347781.jpg?k=de0241ad1beac256a68a90ff319d77ab4545d11df30f49a0725150299fce4b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493347787.jpg?k=10fb6942b3326dbed383b56f0918f5c21f2a866e5f36e689324c3781b8611515&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493347791.jpg?k=c2fb78d7985f00ea2da4433e65f4ee6fe6400e4467ac1a1e963d34223747b859&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/493347796.jpg?k=996ad6b8130a6afc021c5ba27ba89b8329b1e45f5a3565d03aa1038dc1acab88&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish Land 4 m"\n  - "Restorant Mati 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 800 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.4 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-gjiri-i-lalezit.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that boasts a harmonious blend of comfort and functionality. The layout includes a well-appointed bedroom, a cozy living room for relaxation, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a bathroom designed with convenience in mind. The addition of a balcony enhances the living space, offering a private nook for guests to enjoy the surrounding views.

The convenience of complimentary private parking and the accessibility of free WiFi throughout the property ensure that guests' needs are met with the utmost consideration. For those keen to explore the local area, the Rock of Kavaje is a short 9.4 km journey away, presenting an opportunity for outdoor exploration. Furthermore, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is located 34 km from the apartment, adding a historical dimension to the visit.

Vila Gjiri i Lalezit's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 28 km away, underscores its appeal to both domestic and international travelers seeking a blend of leisure and exploration in Durrës. This property stands out as a preferred choice for those in pursuit of a comfortable, well-located base from which to discover the rich tapestry of the region.