---\ntitle: "Vila Toska"\ndescription: "Vila Toska emerges as a serene retreat in Hamallaj, offering spacious, air-conditioned accommodations just a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Lalëz Bay Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492341138.jpg?k=b255dd5e1948ee255101648f3b6d83b9091889daaa2165746be6b4d149263647&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-toska\naddress: "Hamallaj-Perlat, Hamallaj, Albania"\ncity: "Hamallaj"\nlocation: "Hamallaj"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.48381694\n  lng: 19.52278494\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492341138.jpg?k=b255dd5e1948ee255101648f3b6d83b9091889daaa2165746be6b4d149263647&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492341206.jpg?k=f60cf7e082bca18b952667f8f09c811ab59c9195cadadc0a75ed27ba338232de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492341211.jpg?k=8e28dbe45deccce20a7f5570c381892f1e94d653c82ead2750bad45339c9f6ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492341218.jpg?k=ddfb60cfd2e2c1dd33d14f9dba64fa4e7daa394e3eb06aff98943aee94ed6902&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/492341223.jpg?k=dc191d698d7068b35bc21b27409eeb645b26cab7381798abef3bab51ecac6680&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bedouin 1.5 km"\n  - "Oasis Bar 2.5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Lalëz Bay Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 18 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 19 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 20 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 17 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-toska-hamallaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nBoasting a selection of rooms with balconies that open up to refreshing garden views, Vila Toska ensures a stay that is both comfortable and visually pleasing. Each room is outfitted with a flat-screen TV, complementing the modern amenities with a touch of home comfort. The provision of free WiFi and private parking further enhances the guest experience, adding layers of ease to their stay.

For those looking to unwind, the property's garden offers a peaceful haven where one can relax and soak in the natural beauty of the surroundings. Despite its non-smoking policy, the guest house maintains a welcoming atmosphere for all guests.

Strategically located, Vila Toska is not only close to the beach but also within reach of notable landmarks such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, the Rock of Kavaje, and the historical Durres Amphitheatre. The former residence of Enver Hoxha and the House of Leaves are also accessible, lying 41 km from the property, offering guests a glimpse into the rich history of the area.

For travelers, the convenience of having Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 33 km away means that Vila Toska is both an accessible and attractive option for those exploring the wonders of Albania. Whether it's the allure of the beach, the charm of historical sites, or simply the desire for a peaceful retreat, Vila Toska stands out as a premier choice for discerning guests.