---\ntitle: "Vila D Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila D Boutique Hotel emerges as a serene oasis in Qeparo, offering guests an exceptional retreat with its seasonal outdoor swimming pool, meticulously maintained garden, and a welcoming shared lounge and bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466557343.jpg?k=8d379e8affc5fddeefd6298f794654969d1e637c3c0e4be483159eacb4188b81&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-d-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Persefoni Kokedhima, Porto Palermo, 9416 Qeparo, Albania"\ncity: "Qeparo"\nlocation: "Qeparo"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.05177209\n  lng: 19.8060811\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.3\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 144\nratings:\n  overall: 8.3\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466557343.jpg?k=8d379e8affc5fddeefd6298f794654969d1e637c3c0e4be483159eacb4188b81&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368791993.jpg?k=dc955449b01c21096d7dcecf9b05a453ba12d197bf5969ec07366448ffaf1be7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368791988.jpg?k=a6dfc468ea4bf2599d8ca009724c997b8048181d14e825b32f078e3a290ede95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384135954.jpg?k=bfc133fb6f020428d926428ed8e1c1cc67ab8992e8d009a8cea43eb4591903ce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368791986.jpg?k=8ffa72ae197b0e45c91b48b9a8c9648dbf85a2d9b88ea7eeaaf5f388df688c57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368792001.jpg?k=155b426ff7ce060338f3d1e34f21a477c70bcdf7a1a37b76001758fbe5e7205d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368792004.jpg?k=c95e4a6f96e11616af9082ca09df1564e7b2ffee8389491d70831ebe2e0aa2c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368791965.jpg?k=d0b88ce79e8d5681a7710b748ff2e887b7f6b39120a8fc9722ea25a229bcdc72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474914822.jpg?k=539358ad66b058c51e89c00148c9791d36c4739c672d4fbe500399ae474718d6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Beach Bar San Sairus 600 m"\n  - "Veranda 1.5 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 250 m"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 550 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 550 m"\n  - "Palermo Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Secret Beach 2.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 50 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 94 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Diners Club"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Wouter"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Girlfriend got a cake for her birthday! Great hotel with nice pool and view with a cosy atmosphere/vibe!”"\n  - name: "Margarida"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“I really loved the tranquility of this place! Thank you!”"\n  - name: "Ermal"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was great the hole experience, definitely will book again in the future. The room was clean the bed was very comfortable and the view form the balcony was superb. The breakfast was very nice.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-d-boutique-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila D Boutique Hotel are thoughtfully designed to ensure maximum comfort and relaxation. Each guest room is equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with a variety of cable channels, and a safety deposit box for personal valuables. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are stocked with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer, ensuring a pleasant and hassle-free stay. Select rooms elevate the experience further with breathtaking sea views and private balconies, inviting guests to unwind in their own tranquil haven.

Mornings at Vila D Boutique Hotel are greeted with a sumptuous buffet breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. Whether it's lounging by the pool, strolling through the garden, or venturing out to the nearby beaches, guests are assured of a memorable stay.

For those traveling from afar, the hotel is conveniently located 133 km from Ioannina Airport, making it an accessible choice for both domestic and international visitors. Vila D Boutique Hotel is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises an unforgettable experience, blending comfort, convenience, and the beauty of Qeparo into one exquisite package.