---\ntitle: "Vila S&S"\ndescription: "Vila S&S stands out as a serene oasis in Vlorë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278646.jpg?k=bc6f56558649a94e183632cdbfd3b00f2eb2613d52eac24558a768cefac00f1d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-s-s\naddress: "Rruga Andrea Varfi, 9429 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46027743\n  lng: 19.46924337\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 53\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278646.jpg?k=bc6f56558649a94e183632cdbfd3b00f2eb2613d52eac24558a768cefac00f1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278790.jpg?k=60a0f175cab864d8d46d7f73eb2cd02db119b35809fd39f00b81336942c71e80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278712.jpg?k=314aee24d28af454c33ce2faead11cbc2bcb4df0c5d7ac9c9efd7ed649b3fab3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278740.jpg?k=088e931d4a0819f0c7113a41c0675526b129e7753df93700eb804773c9017b33&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473804247.jpg?k=395c867ed2c22af35cdddb95229499474ed7deb9ba1ac3808ab5fd17fbd74a78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373278719.jpg?k=ac3f6cab0e8ca60f7332881f7b0994e1c00ec05a508c2ce6c5e40537e4474640&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 300 m"\n  - "Vlora, Minimalist 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Fitore"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“The host is very welcoming and helpful they actually are the best people we know in Albania everything is new and works well its very clean and quiet here we stayed 14 days there were no issues everything works well and it was awsome we enjoyed...”"\n  - name: "Amy"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“It was a great room with a good bed. The bathroom was also just perfect.”"\n  - name: "Bapke"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Heel mooi nieuw gebouw, alle faciliteiten aanwezig die er moeten zijn. Wij zijn 1 nacht gebleven, maar ook zeker geschikt voor langer verblijf.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-s-amp-s-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila S&S are treated to well-appointed rooms that boast air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable retreat from the day's adventures. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi throughout the property adds to the seamless experience. Each unit opens up to a private balcony, providing a perfect nook for morning coffees or evening relaxation. The accommodations are thoughtfully equipped with a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom featuring a refreshing shower. For those who prefer to whip up their own meals, select units come with a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, stovetop, and kitchenware, making it easy to enjoy home-cooked meals even while away from home. The addition of a wardrobe in all units ensures that guests can easily settle in and organize their belongings.

Situated 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila S&S is an excellent choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility and accessibility in the heart of Vlorë. Whether it's lounging in the serene garden or exploring the nearby attractions, Vila S&S provides a perfect base for both relaxation and adventure.