---\ntitle: "Vila Ajdinaj"\ndescription: "Vila Ajdinaj emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Berat, offering accommodations that come with the added benefits of complimentary WiFi and private parking."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463804930.jpg?k=5bc17eb2587a71610cdda2215fa1ab5e08c70534e4419c62cbab39ad1fdf7ecf&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ajdinaj\naddress: "Rruga Antipatrea, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.69980467\n  lng: 19.96677083\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 97\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463804930.jpg?k=5bc17eb2587a71610cdda2215fa1ab5e08c70534e4419c62cbab39ad1fdf7ecf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465828854.jpg?k=8521b7f8452271ba947a85763e2de78df57dbd5dbe42b9404d447b7d60e617ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365497701.jpg?k=0f9e468d3cf05fbc5be79af3bff8460ccde52fc59279798b85b857a902d274fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486030206.jpg?k=d93861631dfd9e76d280c5986830e5b5114a449c833a5b646bf75d55bbe10a44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/454008898.jpg?k=e7fde263b7b8d2d24c10681347e98ea399d81e6dacb5531cd2bc54b88a8a07e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465828788.jpg?k=106343d80655a0c08bc9629cfd0288b8be8bebad6a7b9adbdddfaa9faadcbde2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food&Pizza Muçolli 100 m"\n  - "Fatos Bajraktari 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 80 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Raquel"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The hosts were wonderful to us, they made us fell like home! We were welcomed by a nice young girl that spoke very good English! They gave us a bottle of wine as a welcome gift. We were supposed to leave the apartment in the next morning but they...”"\n  - name: "Piet"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“These hosts are simply the best you will find anywhere, and their
home reflects that 100%. Lovely people and the daughter speaks English very well.”"\n  - name: "Chantal"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We stayed 2 nights by this lovely family. They are very friendly.. The room was clean, enough space, also the bathroom is spacious. A good breakfast in the lovely garden. Parking space.
If you need a place to sleep, book by this lovely family.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ajdinaj-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nFor those who prefer the conveniences of home, select units boast a well-appointed kitchen, featuring an oven and kitchenware, perfect for preparing meals just the way one likes. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

Located 119 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila Ajdinaj stands out as a welcoming haven for both short stays and extended getaways, promising an experience that is as relaxing as it is memorable.