---\ntitle: "Vila Ndrio"\ndescription: "Vila Ndrio stands as a beacon of luxury and comfort, offering its guests an unparalleled experience in the heart of Pogradec, merely 3 km away from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372620025.jpg?k=cb647206b640a70ae9e5830f4d6ed004a8ba7964dcd3ad8d0c6abe63eb7ba3b2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ndrio\naddress: "Vila ndrio, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.901373\n  lng: 20.720731\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 192\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372620025.jpg?k=cb647206b640a70ae9e5830f4d6ed004a8ba7964dcd3ad8d0c6abe63eb7ba3b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511957806.jpg?k=d1a13b7b56f84b065dd237a2cd667c8fe294e951aae11be326093204b6d591dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/406960973.jpg?k=be39a6ad573b48fbfe443101748400bcb9b935adc23d16c1384922c330ea1688&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475910366.jpg?k=c04a4e2128ae409b01bd83da15bd5145cd75ac5f96947a366d61ddab0cc81207&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511958179.jpg?k=2857e793119c70ca3073ad825aa27e8bd905329027e1d05edf1a9b4a01028dbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475910356.jpg?k=fe40cef70f52bf44712a1a34bdea0080a0f082b787b9a8b30acc045c5dafce9c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Xhili 50 m"\n  - "Hotel Saint Marena 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Galicica 2.4 km"\n  - "Driloni National Park 4.4 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 10 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 29 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 68 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kreka"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The place was cozy and the staff made us feel at home. I would add that this place is one of the best I’ve stayed!”"\n  - name: "Arban"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Lovely accommodation in the center of the village, great breakfast, very helpful and friendly staff. I highly recommend it. Tastefully and modernly furnished rooms, a charming spirit throughout the accommodation”"\n  - name: "Eriolsi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very good hotel, very comfortable and clean room. Very friendly staff. Amazing breakfast both in terms of quality and variety. Parking is in a reserved space at the door of the hotel. A place to return to.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ndrio-tushemisht.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Ndrio are treated to an array of top-notch amenities, including complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring a hassle-free stay. The hotel prides itself on its beautifully manicured garden, a shared lounge perfect for unwinding, and a terrace that offers breathtaking mountain views, promising a tranquil retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

The accommodations at Vila Ndrio are nothing short of spectacular, with each room boasting a patio that opens up to stunning mountain vistas. The attention to detail is evident in the well-appointed rooms, all of which feature air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom equipped with a shower and complimentary toiletries. For those desiring a little extra luxury, select rooms also include a balcony, providing an ideal spot to soak in the surroundings.

Situated 34 km from both the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid, and with Ohrid Airport just 41 km away, Vila Ndrio serves as the perfect base for exploring the rich history and natural beauty of the region.

Vila Ndrio is more than just a hotel; it is a destination that promises an unforgettable stay, where every detail is meticulously crafted to ensure guests' comfort and satisfaction.