---\ntitle: "Vila 4G"\ndescription: "Vila 4G emerges as a serene oasis in the bustling city of Tirana, offering guests a blend of comfort, convenience, and modern amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393923.jpg?k=2690942e00a9062fa5af73a49ed7898ed4f69f18528bd2ecfc6fbee8ada8ffa1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-4g\naddress: "Rrethrrotullimi Shkozes, 1005 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33393709\n  lng: 19.85080461\nprice: "US$53"\npriceFrom: 53\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393923.jpg?k=2690942e00a9062fa5af73a49ed7898ed4f69f18528bd2ecfc6fbee8ada8ffa1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393918.jpg?k=b9505755c1818e7c71b8bb7d4c8ab8370f6db80b51808db21626f1aaa12750da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393914.jpg?k=d6cc6f760dab5f0fb274db592fbdb87612084c2ccfd7b65d9faa4ac485e61480&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393917.jpg?k=914cc345cf16c43e946b70c20fe82347ce0d34fa409852470c0fe7a8cd7141b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393921.jpg?k=84b0b1000c2da648d39f131eb5a1321ca9757b4fae5eec110ea04b06052d2989&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393922.jpg?k=649be475b9562e5bad5dff679e0f7823fe8237fe555fe15cca80f6d21a86facf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393920.jpg?k=30eaf70b228d4324c3e37ceaf8cfda063a14b1bba9b15bf3843b18171672895c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393915.jpg?k=70c6b5413b97575fd95ba86af782b82f5dd315f415d760b452767d0770b5ab03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478393919.jpg?k=0774f3b15734cb0cab440e7906d680f3efa04f22d1251bf58c4c0062857ece46&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.8 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.9 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 3.2 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.2 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Luzi 20 m"\n  - "Bar Piceri Belmonda 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 2.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 2.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 2.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 2.5 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 13 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 76 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Khalid"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“A friendly family and their morals are wonderful, they served us wonderfully and helped us”"\n  - name: "Fuat"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Konumu güzeldi işimi gördü. Her oda klimalı evi yeni döşemişler. Çamaşır makinası ve önünde 1 arabalık park yeri de vardı. Sahipleri güler yüzlü ilgili insanlardı.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-4g.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis villa doesn't just promise a stay; it offers an experience. With its air-conditioned interiors, the villa boasts two elegantly furnished bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen ready to cater to any culinary desire, and a living space adorned with a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The highlight, however, is the villa's terrace, which offers stunning garden views, allowing guests to immerse themselves in tranquility.

Privacy and exclusivity are paramount at Vila 4G, underscored by features like a private entrance for guests. The inclusion of free WiFi and private parking further enhances the convenience factor, making it an ideal choice for travelers seeking a seamless experience.

For those keen to explore beyond the villa, the Rock of Kavaje is within a manageable distance, offering a glimpse into the region's natural beauty. Meanwhile, Tanners' Bridge, a relic of the city's Ottoman past, is just 2.3 km away, promising a cultural excursion. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 17 km away, ensures that arrivals and departures are as stress-free as the stay itself.

In essence, Vila 4G is not just a place to stay; it's a gateway to exploring Tirana's rich tapestry of history, culture, and natural beauty, all while offering a sanctuary of comfort and luxury.