---\ntitle: "Vila Ballaxhia"\ndescription: "Vila Ballaxhia emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Paradise Beach and Lori Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030238.jpg?k=b55b2ce9353aa9c5271819f9e44a4c793946d4d2a01c8366015b64ddfae045d7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ballaxhia\naddress: "Rruga Hasan Tahsini, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76193184\n  lng: 19.99833481\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 7.5\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030238.jpg?k=b55b2ce9353aa9c5271819f9e44a4c793946d4d2a01c8366015b64ddfae045d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030228.jpg?k=e17f51f5b1356863480671bf4fe117b3feb1261a92e3f09078951967aabb6728&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030308.jpg?k=98a3f11e3015224ade3bf0b90b795ece74773bb58fb986722dbe5fa3d422db72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030297.jpg?k=70cc0b2296e42b73d7c8a9b77373565dd59fb92362e94ad6e7b8bf30fd2555d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030254.jpg?k=d4ae222a082039c1e7acb1d4ae4d94c238857c5e313d648f4c422afd64eff5bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030301.jpg?k=b99c004c7e6b9badefc23ad98b71e5b833afd9b072ed841d9516641871a8aeef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030219.jpg?k=c27e331f3c4cd7fb8e0e4f75cf99340900cb39d33432d37c5570faf2bbd360d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030314.jpg?k=f267aa0b7441b374ab7c556e9c059868ffa111fa78e0dae6092ce110f165575c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481030225.jpg?k=84f995b77dced23f46da3e4a9dc4be31edd96113bf90e6464742dd7a03dedb64&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 350 m"\n  - "MR Crabs 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 450 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 700 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Javier"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Amabilidad del anfitrión, vinieron a buscarnos porque no conseguíamos llegar. La habitación era amplia y cómoda. Todo limpio y muy acogedor, y una buena conexión wifi.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ballaxhia.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Ballaxhia is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting balconies that open up to refreshing garden vistas. Inside, guests are treated to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a fridge, ensuring that home-cooked meals are never off the menu. The dining area provides a cozy nook for meals, while the inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand. Air conditioning in every room guarantees a respite from the Mediterranean warmth, making every moment inside as comfortable as it is enjoyable.

Privacy and convenience are paramount, as evidenced by the provision of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. The attention to detail extends to the personal touches in each unit, where guests will find their private bathrooms equipped with a bidet, and fresh bed linen and towels readily available, ensuring a stay that is as carefree as it is comfortable.

Located just 700 meters from the inviting sands of Ksamil Beach 9 and a short drive from the historical allure of Butrint National Park, Vila Ballaxhia positions itself as an ideal base for explorers keen to uncover the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For those venturing further afield, Corfu International Airport is within a manageable distance, making Vila Ballaxhia a compelling choice for international travelers seeking a blend of exploration and relaxation.

In summary, Vila Ballaxhia stands out as a premier choice for those in pursuit of a peaceful getaway, where the beauty of Ksamil's landscapes can be enjoyed in comfort and style.