---\ntitle: "Vila Vasiliu Ksamil"\ndescription: "Vila Vasiliu Ksamil emerges as a serene oasis just a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Paradise Beach, offering travelers an exceptional stay in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374806429.jpg?k=4c785a1960b008068e34b1840fbac5eaffd4b607dbc4d10d275154dfb6fab296&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-vasiliu-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76524311\n  lng: 19.99728441\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 157\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374806429.jpg?k=4c785a1960b008068e34b1840fbac5eaffd4b607dbc4d10d275154dfb6fab296&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303154217.jpg?k=a48545daffccbaf91ffed89da0d61588f5696dd1d7a15862ea6c99f8c47c207b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303154621.jpg?k=110f988fdee7c9565d67c96dbed412babaf8f02ac94b1a1d37a58b679b7c282f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/351098146.jpg?k=2a28bc9a114de00b3808f66ee0b1410fc06d26f866228bb6e7155bbe80ec6654&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303153659.jpg?k=e84f5b5ac8411ea3416ffe223283bdfdacf416a9abb7d17021a8ae514606e24a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420809929.jpg?k=a04d2de9d4c75c2e4f279f552589fec9565b5b58526eacaef70a620947baf1c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303154547.jpg?k=6014caa81db8ea031b9703306ad7746d4c81aeb812b06a9ee503d4efe746762b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303153770.jpg?k=aa556c6b91db894490f70ae67c966d5377e2c9a70fa53b298648e97159b57db5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374806408.jpg?k=8e468c363a21455c0c61851deea885f84237a5ac75ece5dbe621c00d335ef8b1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tulum Principotes Ksamil 100 m"\n  - "Fladeno Beach Restoraunt 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 250 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Miobha"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The staff were lovely and very accommodating. The breakfast was also very good, we were stuffed every morning. This kept us going until dinner time.”"\n  - name: "Christian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Lovely hotel run by a lovely couple, who helped us with whatever we asked for and provided advise on activities and restaurants. Good location very close to paradise beach and not far away from the center and many restaurant options. Room was big...”"\n  - name: "Leila"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“The room was great and big. We felt very comfortable for the few days we had there. The staff was very helpful. They let us borrow beach towels for our stay and we took advantage of their laundry service for 20eu.
We had a balcony with a clothing...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-vasiliu.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Vasiliu Ksamil are thoughtfully appointed to ensure maximum comfort and convenience. Each room serves as a private haven, equipped with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV for a touch of modernity. The inclusion of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and hairdryer, adds to the rooms' appeal, while select accommodations also feature a balcony, offering guests a unique opportunity to soak in the city and mountain views.

The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is further evidenced by its comprehensive services, including room service, a 24-hour front desk, and complimentary WiFi access throughout the property. Families will appreciate the children's playground and barbecue facilities, promising fun-filled moments for all ages.

Mornings at Vila Vasiliu Ksamil begin with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel's proximity to notable attractions such as Ksamil Beach 9, Lori Beach, and Bora Bora Beach ensures that guests have easy access to some of the area's most beautiful landscapes. For those venturing further, Corfu International Airport is conveniently located 92 km away, making Vila Vasiliu Ksamil an ideal choice for both local and international travelers seeking a tranquil yet accessible getaway.