---\ntitle: "Vila Olti"\ndescription: "Vila Olti emerges as a charming guest house that captivates with its prime location, merely 400 meters from the serene Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479291203.jpg?k=f329213c4124630d80b5396d0740baf83bccfc093b02b27c08a3cf41e4b5c7a0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-olti\naddress: "Rruga Andrea Varfi 57, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4613562\n  lng: 19.46800278\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479291203.jpg?k=f329213c4124630d80b5396d0740baf83bccfc093b02b27c08a3cf41e4b5c7a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479047006.jpg?k=e9b05331464bed68eaafa35bbc42787a2192e1f2dd4eb43a28c473e83f3c6071&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479047011.jpg?k=aab3f04925da04268d6527e0066b31e1c96fe7651daa58d17cb35eece828b407&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479291617.jpg?k=c1c16693d0c154db3ee6625f1a809c6cccf88686e815d65c00731b250cc7d090&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479291514.jpg?k=a587476fcc6e524a0d4eb260afd7df9102d8bf0328fd6ad1e423633fb722266d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479047009.jpg?k=9eee663b0f4dae0a9c2bdb4b4eee635e0b07472503c6289b3f902f637c8885ab&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Love Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 300 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.3 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jaroslaw"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Comfortable room with all facilities.
Very nice owners.”"\n  - name: "Aleksandra"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The location is very convenient, both for the beaches on that side of the town and for going out at night. The hosts are very welcoming, and helpful for all your requests. The room we had was very comfortable, we had everything we needed. For the...”"\n  - name: "Nagyné"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Nem a nyüzsgő városban volt,de mégsem volt messze sem a központ, sem strand. Kedves házigazdák.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-olti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Olti are thoughtfully designed to ensure a restful and enjoyable stay. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment regardless of the weather outside. The provision of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the ease of guests' experiences, allowing them to stay connected and explore the area without worry.

The guest house's units are a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring terraces that open up to tranquil garden views. Inside, guests are treated to a flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a well-equipped kitchen, making each stay feel like a home away from home. The private bathrooms are stocked with slippers and free toiletries, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. For added convenience, all units include a wardrobe, making it easy for guests to organize their belongings.

The property itself invites guests to unwind in its lush garden, offering a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of city life. For those looking to explore, Vila Olti is conveniently located just 3 km from Independence Square and 3.9 km from Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for discovering the local attractions.

For travelers flying in, the nearest airport is Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away, ensuring that Vila Olti is within reach for international visitors seeking a memorable stay in the city.