---\ntitle: "VILA D"\ndescription: "VILA D stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway with breathtaking lake views in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747764.jpg?k=b0e5263d96a20498f947b580990d3bf76cecd5e456722dc8ef073d756f91fdc8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-d\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85109237\n  lng: 20.02681029\nprice: "US$60"\npriceFrom: 60\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 7.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747764.jpg?k=b0e5263d96a20498f947b580990d3bf76cecd5e456722dc8ef073d756f91fdc8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747902.jpg?k=9c6a5fb02e89f6e576dce2504bef560908d98854a061a80a9f24fdcc20713380&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747633.jpg?k=0d18e4f3a2cac50eef19b9da96dec3a890bc51c04c69401ef3c6c6886c8509b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747864.jpg?k=a232f3b7a97be704cc850fc89d799dcac4e180f149086669438a1421946e1f34&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450747815.jpg?k=c46b6b677a246ade0b2b49759af14f21a64ebb83681e6e097e782ce0f06c2d65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450748256.jpg?k=3b44c76adc0e9f7bf3eaab80163a1bbd5d160032d297cf5e4b12b7e4f2230d43&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Clubitalianelmondo 350 m"\n  - "Shpella 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 500 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 700 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 950 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1 km"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 100 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stefano"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“House on the first floor surrounded by a balcony consisting of two bedrooms, bathroom and open space living room + kitchen.
Wide spaces, it is probably the house they usually use and it is rented during the summer, c' in fact, there were several...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-d-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at VILA D are designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring a terrace for soaking in the sea views, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher, oven, toaster, fridge, and kettle, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. The convenience of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and slippers further enhances the home-away-from-home experience. For those needing to stay connected or get some work done, free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, and each unit is equipped with air conditioning and a desk.

For guests looking to explore the local area, VILA D is ideally located. The property is a haven for outdoor enthusiasts, with cycling and fishing among the popular activities. Additionally, bike and car hire services are available, making it easy for guests to venture out and explore the surrounding beauty. Families visiting VILA D will appreciate the indoor play area, ensuring entertainment for guests of all ages.

Notably, VILA D is a convenient base for exploring the region's historical sites, with Butrint National Park just 13 km away and Ancient Fanoti 47 km from the property. For those traveling by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 97 km away.

Adding to the convenience is an on-site minimarket, ensuring that guests have easy access to essentials during their stay. VILA D emerges as a top recommendation for travelers looking for a blend of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience in Sarandë.