---\ntitle: "Vila Zini"\ndescription: "Vila Zini emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, located just a short stroll from the pristine Vjetër Beach in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453657336.jpg?k=850416e6c3b197ec8d2a1ec15b131d3b28b2068d9cfef7d1fd6c8b5c86bcb046&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-zini\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46191923\n  lng: 19.47067946\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.2\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453657336.jpg?k=850416e6c3b197ec8d2a1ec15b131d3b28b2068d9cfef7d1fd6c8b5c86bcb046&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477297803.jpg?k=85ef879b73604b48d5a25c34c4bf2363132f392fec04693817d9978910d42f73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465606759.jpg?k=abc926a91b1ad4e9230a3a85399782794200f659c6bcb0b7619cb9200e02319c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477297691.jpg?k=8f2e425d77cf8a1d1f7b00e18723cfb2c839c6959f0d6815ceae7e115e24cbbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477297983.jpg?k=b5f54671929d3b98ac9866c157d71b3a39c74afce12d432a053ac484d8ee6b68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489650534.jpg?k=9020959619e389b949f2f8513f7036aaa41f4404422dac9ce95bf5cb559d467f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 450 m"\n  - "Love Beach 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.5 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Valentina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The room was perfectly cleaned, a bit small but perfect for 2 persons. Everything was new, cleaned and the staff was amazing. The girl found us a car to rent, called the taxi, absolutely very helpful. She speaks really nice english and the...”"\n  - name: "Jeroen"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice hosts. Nice location in a quiet neighbourhood, close to the beach. Excellent value for money.”"\n  - name: "Enriqueta"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The rooms were very clean and had everything we needed! Great communication with the host. :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-zini-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vila Zini are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Each unit boasts a private bathroom, with select rooms offering the added luxury of a balcony — perfect for enjoying the tranquil sea breeze.

Families and groups will find the spacious family rooms ideal, while the terrace provides a splendid setting for all guests to unwind. The lush garden invites visitors to relax and soak in the peaceful atmosphere of Vlorë.

Situated merely 3 kilometers from the vibrant Vlore Beach and within easy reach of the city's historical landmarks, including Independence Square and Kuzum Baba, Vila Zini serves as an excellent base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. For those traveling from afar, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 150 kilometers away, makes Vila Zini an accessible retreat for international and domestic travelers alike.