---\ntitle: "Vila Eden Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila Eden Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury in Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357120250.jpg?k=83510b83fb2022014201d037699667a12cf6185d8917f816b32a22d81f600b43&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-eden-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Konferenca e Labinotit nr.2, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.62237374\n  lng: 20.78579503\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 279\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357120250.jpg?k=83510b83fb2022014201d037699667a12cf6185d8917f816b32a22d81f600b43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/289504202.jpg?k=eb683037bf5fb3148bb3dc1122eebf3603ddb0b15e98764e4ed51183f8ba61b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364383542.jpg?k=bf9719d71132fe4865b08de98c2d7aee017422ef3957a6f28cf9e592b37b3ed9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/215668516.jpg?k=c8218be91ef7b5a1d1f09c8363ea5f69d3ea447e3f37900bd1ec20b824b42007&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163819800.jpg?k=f4a144ab2f54abbbec836cce776c3c8c983ea03417ae0f6a133887e5597b9020&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319151527.jpg?k=431b1de54dffa249fb95d9890d52146d637914ced2db0e89080aa9d37f09c863&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505854495.jpg?k=a2b08a6d6d93131109385497ce9716850d5a3943e2780f47d3a15c491777303d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505854707.jpg?k=be5f77859f5a101e00bbecbfe03d906284709a9d559c91c2d740b4ec8c236752&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/505856099.jpg?k=6819c3cda1b3eb6870c272ac33d3b26acae2d18591736ec28a1245697250dfb3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Superior Quadruple Room"\n  - "Presidential Suite"\n  - "Superior Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Valbona 20 m"\n  - "Elysee 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lorena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cdo gje ishte ok . Dhoma e paster , e ngrohte. Mengjesi ishte fantastik 🤤. Disatanca afer me qendren .”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Very nice design, welcoming hosts, great food at breakfast and dinner. Comfortable beds, clean, parking in front of the Vila.”"\n  - name: "Laert"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“great place. communicative and smiling staff. Faleminderit 🙏”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-eden.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nEach room at Vila Eden Boutique Hotel is thoughtfully air-conditioned, ensuring a comfortable retreat from the day's activities. Complimentary WiFi and private bathrooms are standard in all accommodations, ensuring guests stay connected and refreshed. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of patios in rooms, with select accommodations boasting balconies for an added view. Practicalities are not overlooked, as each room comes equipped with a desk, a flat-screen TV, and ample wardrobe space, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

The hotel's commitment to service is underscored by the availability of room service and the option to organize tours, making exploration of Korçë and its surroundings hassle-free. The multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk, fluent in Greek, English, and Italian, stands ready to assist with any inquiries, ensuring a seamless stay for international guests.

Situated within accessible proximity to natural wonders, Vila Eden Boutique Hotel is just 44 km from the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs and 43 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum, making it an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the region's natural beauty and cultural heritage. Kastoria National Airport, located 70 km away, serves as the nearest airport, facilitating ease of travel to and from the property.

In summary, Vila Eden Boutique Hotel offers a harmonious blend of amenities, service, and location, making it a compelling choice for those visiting Korçë.