---\ntitle: "Vila Arli&Eris"\ndescription: "Vila Arli&Eris emerges as a charmingly renovated guest house, positioned just a stone's throw away from Vjetër Beach in Vlorë, offering guests a serene garden view right from their balconies."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462872632.jpg?k=6dd15d86093372a75512a6d57c1702629936ff16a885fababf47763fd56f4238&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-arli-eris\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9304 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45704119\n  lng: 19.47289952\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 68\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462872632.jpg?k=6dd15d86093372a75512a6d57c1702629936ff16a885fababf47763fd56f4238&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462872940.jpg?k=5a7a77f8f33ea9eddf666e00645fd0d80973c9e267b8cea90e3d78a8a3a78f99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471007053.jpg?k=50bb6f3a7570aa9785b4e185b13c8475ea91b98b7422b0063ef57b8c318b90b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462900526.jpg?k=5cd00b23c06827869c775fc56c07c0c828c276766292512d1ee11fe88a3486d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462899787.jpg?k=b19a5197f371282f54836d080a3e3e302d20b2e337ac34440e05a107c5d9bab0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462879892.jpg?k=f3a236d809fb0feef460933c4df43bdef5338e088a5d6a648b20dfd6983905c0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Deluxe Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Maison des Chefs 100 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rafal"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“People: very kind host. Place: perfect location and very nice apartment, good quality bed and bathroom equipment. It's really close to a beach and city centre, private, safe parking. Lovely place for very reasonable price. We can totally recommend 🙂”"\n  - name: "Kristi"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly. We parked the car in the yard. The room was clean and tidy. The fridge, air conditioner and wifi worked. We were given a free bottle of water per person.”"\n  - name: "Ljudmila"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Super location in front of beach. Second line.
Super kind and frendly host.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-arli-amp-eris-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach room at Vila Arli&Eris is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a desk, a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, and for those chilly evenings, heating facilities. The private bathrooms come with a shower and a hair dryer, ensuring guests feel at home. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a terrace, perfect for soaking in the surrounding tranquility.

Located merely 2.4 km from the bustling Vlore Beach and 3.1 km from the historic Independence Square, the guest house serves as an ideal base for exploring the vibrant city of Vlorë. For international travelers, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 151 km away, making Vila Arli&Eris a convenient choice for both domestic and overseas visitors seeking a blend of comfort and convenience by the Albanian coastline.