---\ntitle: "Vila Eduart"\ndescription: "Vila Eduart emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a mere stone's throw from the pristine Sunset Beach and within a comfortable walking distance from Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930813.jpg?k=478088ef611223080939d5957e0fa4c8873aa136cf6cc395de001eb812c2047b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-eduart\naddress: "Rr Liqeni 16, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77608468\n  lng: 20.00998199\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 70\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930813.jpg?k=478088ef611223080939d5957e0fa4c8873aa136cf6cc395de001eb812c2047b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930736.jpg?k=4ba9949261285dc29d2b1aadb443f51f25aed1c78520aa94dabb676eaa2fe836&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930879.jpg?k=c2f90232d14b9dca2394d95494795e56b73869036d5ee7b3c3a812d80409b26c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930776.jpg?k=c369e164d4368e627ab60e3cb8403bf89711fdaaf6f368b7fcdb511dd9585426&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930796.jpg?k=2ee7cdc6179cfe89d027e54186c30864935c459480f009caa8ba2d78cf569db4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930877.jpg?k=07b47ed58e0fde857766ef0dcd748b890c141d118a0a5f724a5cf0283eabc0e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930862.jpg?k=d79b6841b5456d8498990815488e39bbfd7debae0ed399d71e1e246b27de3d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930781.jpg?k=88b616cf94d7256a33877750fbcb259634437fccbd7dc5b7e783cc266112a0f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483930887.jpg?k=e8055e1297f43be36467932aca1b84bcff1444ab9eaea4bc1909dd456036e0ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 19 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 19 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 20 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vela Snack Bar Cafe 100 m"\n  - "Sofra Shqiptare 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 9 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stancu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“I recommend this property. It is located very close to the entrance to Ksamil, so you are not affected by the crowd, you can easily find a parking space and the owners are very attentive to you and always available. The room is very clean and...”"\n  - name: "Hani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Location was great, easy to access the room and delicious breakfast!”"\n  - name: "Gili"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“We are very grateful for the hospitality of our host during our stay. We arrived on a night-bus from Athens earlier than planned, at 4am, which was a bit scary... Although we only had a reservation for the following night, the host woke up for...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-eduart.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vila Eduart are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units that boast not only a desk and safety deposit box for those mixing work with pleasure but also a flat-screen TV and balcony for leisurely moments. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a bidet in each unit, alongside a private entrance, ensures a blend of convenience and privacy. To further enhance the comfort of your stay, each unit is furnished with fresh bed linen and towels.

Morning risers are greeted with a delightful continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The property's terrace offers a tranquil setting for guests to unwind, while the on-site lounge provides a cozy corner for socializing or simply enjoying a moment of solitude. For added convenience, a minimarket is available on the premises, catering to any last-minute needs or cravings.

Situated just 1.3 km from the inviting Coco Beach and a short drive from the historic Butrint National Park, Vila Eduart serves as an ideal base for guests looking to immerse themselves in the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the area. For those venturing further afield, Corfu International Airport is located 94 km away, making international travel a breeze.

Vila Eduart represents a perfect blend of comfort, convenience, and location, making it a top choice for travelers seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.