---\ntitle: "Vila118"\ndescription: "Vila118 in Voskopojë emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its garden views and well-appointed accommodations."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462103743.jpg?k=10cd9a47a9a760de1872c1c66fa553d37dd0b147e0bf09994c063f06bb8b1145&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila118\naddress: "Voskopojë, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63474892\n  lng: 20.59289008\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462103743.jpg?k=10cd9a47a9a760de1872c1c66fa553d37dd0b147e0bf09994c063f06bb8b1145&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462103764.jpg?k=d60702a27e063e14a6e78872943d1674594c90c19db72abc1275329b46db94c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463298451.jpg?k=76251b1ba52b9b548ed48394ea45246a15aa565aff614154d3570269f7fceb68&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463295544.jpg?k=8cc0d93d0662c38e59f1113e5fd1cf9a5ea6c4137f3be65cc954a960083d0e00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462103713.jpg?k=2647a9d0e79f923d2e16614cc5b0dc748885180e15f72c54bbf745a2c374ca8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463299699.jpg?k=3d4238575948c09b325b75eb047cb13b9ab5b385ee2885d2dc3b5ae8bbf4c100&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Twin Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Voskopoje 200 m"\n  - "Vila Falo 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 16 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hani"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We had an amazing experience. The best place ever seen in my life! Rooms in this wood and stone made \"castle\" building was beautiful, cosy, warm and sparklingly clean. And also the best unique breakfast ever: home made eco products on table, good...”"\n  - name: "Irena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was very clean! The guests are polite and helpful! The breakfast was delicious! I enjoined 2 nights at Vila 118 ! I recommend to stay here when you come to Voskopoje!”"\n  - name: "Minafros"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The entire place had a great atmosphere. The room was very clean and cozy. The location was very easy to drive to. Free parking space just outside the inn. Simple and delicious breakfast. I especially enjoyed the homemade sweet pancakes. The Tv on...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila118.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila118 are thoughtfully designed to cater to families and groups alike, featuring spacious family rooms equipped with modern amenities. Each unit is furnished with a desk and a flat-screen TV, creating a perfect blend of functionality and leisure. The private bathrooms, complete with showers and bathrobes, along with the convenience of free WiFi, enhance the comfort of each stay. The addition of a wardrobe in all units underscores the guest house's attention to detail, ensuring that guests have ample space for their belongings.

For those looking to enjoy the outdoors, Vila118 does not disappoint. The property boasts a picturesque picnic area, inviting guests to unwind in the beauty of Voskopojë's natural surroundings. 

Situated a mere 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Vila118 offers an accessible escape for travelers seeking tranquility and comfort. Whether visiting for leisure or looking for a peaceful retreat, guests will find Vila118 to be an exceptional choice for their stay in Voskopojë.