---\ntitle: "Vila Qyteza"\ndescription: "Vila Qyteza emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Korçë, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503780638.jpg?k=1de805ecc91b4a9d4231ee21a125dff4f9dfaf67a3a188f1e07acb79f189ee84&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-qyteza\naddress: "6 Rruga Ajet Xhindolli, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61591402\n  lng: 20.77363764\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503780638.jpg?k=1de805ecc91b4a9d4231ee21a125dff4f9dfaf67a3a188f1e07acb79f189ee84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504004447.jpg?k=9a0fe3f786b01dd3cff8865d7a691c412ed06bfeee2428473e84f523bd2d9b96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504004449.jpg?k=d866772a3b646086ce6f05b47123d6454f19f8f702880e9a126ac9abdb26d399&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503780673.jpg?k=6c649b8ad930160b0551634401231b3b82e5474ab00b13ddaf31cefe72734141&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503780676.jpg?k=06201d0c9295ebb0fa20e2264dff8ec08bba13cc1f6b0c91ced97c660fed18c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/508599265.jpg?k=ba1dee9346316e9067673ae2b58303a527c66b325700ad290b4cd0d31faae909&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Twin Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "te Eleni 150 m"\n  - "Tradita 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 300 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 800 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 850 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 46 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was one of the best accommodation experiences we ever had. It was a last moment booking, nevertheless, we found a very warm welcome and care from the host, the cleanliness was a 5 stars one and the room had all necessary facilities. The...”"\n  - name: "Nick"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“We had a lovely time staying at Vila Qyteza. Not only was the room clean and comfortable, the breakfast filling and delicious, and the location convenient for exploring Korce, but the host, and his family were extraordinarily gracious and...”"\n  - name: "Qosshi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Fillimisht, gjëja e parë që na ra në sy ishte mikëpritja e zotërisë që na priste. Ai na ndihmoi shumë dhe ishte i gatshëm për çdo gjë që kishim nevojë. Dhoma po ashtu ishte shumë e pastër. Ambienti shumë i ngrohtë dhe familjar. Vendndodhja ishte...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-qyteza.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a haven of tranquility, where a lush garden and ample private parking set the stage for a stress-free stay. The property boasts captivating city views, adding a picturesque backdrop to every moment spent here.

Accommodations at Vila Qyteza are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a comfortable and connected stay. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, complete with a bath and luxurious bathrobes, while select rooms also feature a balcony for guests to enjoy the fresh air and views.

For those arriving by air, Kastoria National Airport is conveniently located 71 km away, making Vila Qyteza an accessible choice for international and domestic travelers alike.

With its blend of family-friendly rooms, serene outdoor spaces, and top-notch facilities, Vila Qyteza stands out as a premier choice for guests seeking a peaceful escape in Korçë.