---\ntitle: "Vila Dena"\ndescription: "Vila Dena emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Vlorë, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389959662.jpg?k=51b9fd64327308b8cab7e90ef88b62cc583165527a69c652dc8ea51136d7e664&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-dena\naddress: "Rruga Dhimitër Konomi, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42302619\n  lng: 19.49420704\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 98\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.6\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389959662.jpg?k=51b9fd64327308b8cab7e90ef88b62cc583165527a69c652dc8ea51136d7e664&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389958755.jpg?k=25b424fae6736a1a96bfd9e935d784d9bb8739d3f7585539d54d27b4bdfc218c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389960544.jpg?k=c568cea6e2bd3def5c70707554992d3a9da675cab25cace1ea706b08723163fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440544637.jpg?k=ffe0d6e7b679340761118d382bae4e3c27d3cbe0c7a0aa9e8bea18d93fa59a70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440560882.jpg?k=07f3ad29c18c0c7c224c78b90d9cef9a5be35c6777980339f2c3cee30ec28bee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389960353.jpg?k=8ac208afea53701169486e7ca8da6e3866b86f052c18812675314bc00a92ec62&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\n  - "Duplex with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Donatelo 250 m"\n  - "Tiku & Mato 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 750 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 800 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.5 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lubomir"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Great views, good location, very clean and well organised place. Hosts were very easy to communicate with and in the morning they served us a big delicious breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Erman"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“- The triple room with balcony has an amazing view. - The room was clean, and has a good bathroom (comparing to other options in this range).”"\n  - name: "Severin"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The view and terrace were beautiful. We liked that the place was quiet and the rooms were clean. The breakfast was served for each morning on the tables next to the rooms. It was more than enough as quantity. We also received fresh orange juice...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-dena.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a well-maintained garden and a sun-drenched terrace, inviting guests to unwind in its peaceful ambiance. Each accommodation unit at Vila Dena is air-conditioned, ensuring a comfortable stay regardless of the weather outside. For those arriving by car, the convenience of private parking on site is a notable perk, along with complimentary WiFi that keeps guests connected during their stay.

Families and groups will appreciate the spacious family rooms, designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Select units also feature a fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a fridge, offering the perfect solution for guests preferring to prepare their own meals.

Situated 155 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila Dena represents an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in Vlorë.