---\ntitle: "Vila Tako - Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila Tako - Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95834521.jpg?k=5f1f99757e5d107a0c6c74fb60ee170fe48ed294a0c0343086f4fc53c6c0285d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-tako-hotel\naddress: "Rr. Gjin Bue Shpata, Vila Tako, (prane shkolles Emin Duraku), Tirana, Albania, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32109395\n  lng: 19.81171981\nprice: "US$46"\npriceFrom: 46\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 299\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95834521.jpg?k=5f1f99757e5d107a0c6c74fb60ee170fe48ed294a0c0343086f4fc53c6c0285d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95733597.jpg?k=354baa33c8c752f1a166686d7a550d489c727b16ea2acf38790167dfb03fa1e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95733673.jpg?k=331e9147edbb57a49a94e73e888e5332b287ba39913f900e24afa76692322387&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95733656.jpg?k=7ba06f35f7818cdd47bf83ed33c846119b7e31912178e89dd7e3d3958960a558&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/95834636.jpg?k=2336f1f2e83a0d2420f765927f450d2482aeae4900629d6ef167deb1ba8fd8b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114007008.jpg?k=d686a3737cd82c274c76a5b4aed9e409a2524b44cf461655fc674e23f5007533&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Deluxe Queen Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1,000 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sapido - una Storia di Sapore Italiano 30 m"\n  - "Emergency 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 700 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 750 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Kazakhstan"\n    text: "“Very comfortable bed - like a cloud, delightful comforter. Sleep was very deep all the days we were there. I'm going to miss this bed)) The hotel is quiet. The location is very convenient to stay in if you are a tourist.”"\n  - name: "Leo"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“The hotel was spotlessly clean. Amazing location. I checked in at 11 pm after contacting the host and it was not a problem 👍🏻. Also allowed to leave my travelling bag there after checking out while a had a few hours before the flight departure.”"\n  - name: "Gary"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This is a great little hotel in a fantastic location for coffee, food and a cool vibe. The staff are so friendly and helpful, the organised my taxi to pick me up from the airport because it was alate check-in. They are always willing to help you....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-tako.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its commitment to guest satisfaction, providing round-the-clock front desk service, efficient airport transfers, and the convenience of luggage storage. Connectivity is never an issue, with complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises.

Accommodations at Vila Tako - Hotel are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each air-conditioned room is furnished with essential amenities including a wardrobe, kettle, fridge, and safety deposit box. Entertainment and relaxation are ensured with a flat-screen TV, while the private bathroom comes equipped with a refreshing shower. For added convenience, bed linen and towels are readily provided in each room.

For those keen to explore, the hotel's proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the intriguing Pyramid of Tirana, and the lush Rinia Park offers a glimpse into the city's rich history and vibrant culture. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Vila Tako - Hotel stands out as a strategic and welcoming haven for both leisure and business travelers alike.