---\ntitle: "Vila Anxhela"\ndescription: "Vila Anxhela emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Ksamil, offering a tranquil retreat with its quiet street views and lush garden surroundings."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235085.jpg?k=8507a986cdbc24ba40bdf3b0c008c89dbd19712e7cba25a3b7272a9fd80e3d0d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-anxhela\naddress: "81 Rruga Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76891411\n  lng: 20.00457309\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235085.jpg?k=8507a986cdbc24ba40bdf3b0c008c89dbd19712e7cba25a3b7272a9fd80e3d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/459210117.jpg?k=3e54d49424faa5a814a16aff1bd2372fa45d693584e6d2ed347ab91e4917f84f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470739695.jpg?k=c8d1e57c016e739f6aab850ea0993587a512a50a36c28ecd6adb32adaecdc252&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468305484.jpg?k=8d4e697ad47aa777f8994f44e2a0d1c414fe0c1a26426b2d9cfe08593710fd83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470739570.jpg?k=0bdb517c004ee8b5cbb53623a783d0b06eacf52aa1ff3417bf46936396c73095&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/389235110.jpg?k=49600f154e319e0ce4e642cc9a1f008ccc05f0f9aedc3b96022b62ecd41b2552&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papu Gyros 100 m"\n  - "Moonshine 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 600 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Elisa"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Eccellent! The apartment is very nice and there is a nice garden around is near everythings and anfitrión is very nice person”"\n  - name: "Emma"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great value for money, early check in, host was friendly, aircon, spacious and great location”"\n  - name: "Mirosław"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The place captivated us with its charm and peace. The location is really convenient - close to the beach and all of the tourist attractions that the town has to offer. We can recommend the appartment due to its tidyness but especially of the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-anxhela-ksamil1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Anxhela are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each apartment boasts a balcony that opens up to breathtaking mountain vistas, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation. The interiors are equipped with air conditioning, ensuring comfort regardless of the weather outside. For entertainment, a satellite flat-screen TV is available, alongside complimentary WiFi, making it easy for guests to stay connected. The convenience of free private parking adds to the hassle-free experience.

The living spaces are furnished with a seating area, where guests can unwind after a day of exploration. The kitchenette, complete with a fridge and stovetop, allows for the preparation of simple meals, offering a taste of home away from home. The private bathroom, stocked with complimentary toiletries, ensures a refreshing start and end to each day. Additionally, every unit features a patio with an outdoor dining area, inviting guests to dine al fresco while soaking in the serene garden views. Soundproofing in all units guarantees a peaceful night's sleep.

For those who enjoy outdoor cooking, barbecue facilities are available, providing an ideal setting for a memorable evening under the stars.

Located just a short distance from the allure of Ksamil Beach 7 and the historical wonders of Butrint National Park, Vila Anxhela serves as a perfect base for exploring the natural and cultural treasures of the area. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is within reach, located 93 km away, making Vila Anxhela an accessible haven for both local and overseas visitors seeking a tranquil escape in Ksamil.