---\ntitle: "Vila Lida"\ndescription: "Vila Lida emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267309.jpg?k=e8ea970749d621c24365230bd53e1791ac9a20d3f3ffb0bf4c49fc3e272f3b4a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-lida\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Golemi, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87000495\n  lng: 20.01493189\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 30\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267309.jpg?k=e8ea970749d621c24365230bd53e1791ac9a20d3f3ffb0bf4c49fc3e272f3b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267281.jpg?k=71ad7a438662a2725978de47b6e24fa98ef37104120191cd6ff405a90accda59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267319.jpg?k=92bd39416343fc86e04b4088e2f9426d7d877b6efc57b9b64ca3abb9ba9c9cf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267408.jpg?k=14eab09b67d5b5a6f45c8ae5fddc4d35f6f478a96b4e3d0fa49490442a71b3b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267240.jpg?k=3f4699e53683a91c71bd3ce2a1139dcf7f648d025ccfd12e1cda33f705b3dcf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267443.jpg?k=bc9680f39bf6c04fa5423f8f901b95e699363f66a3160a57d11105cdd5806e0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267243.jpg?k=b8c34f4041893193d0053062e59de295aef040ef2ed05a383de8c2f9bc76380b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370267257.jpg?k=021fa1bf7177ab9f6a3b9c127481204908d8d5aac76325f40fbabb4b2d6b88d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/517655940.jpg?k=d16a8baac32dc434fb48143e5f816d5e91a6c95e95d98e6b6df763b940043df0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Abi 50 m"\n  - "RESORANT DEMI 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "La Petite Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 200 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 350 m"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Abigail"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lida was a wonderful host, really friendly and helpful in providing local information, she even drove us to the bus station. Great location just a few minutes walk to the beachfront with plenty of bars and restaurants. Loved the balcony with sea...”"\n  - name: "Marsida"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I had a fantastic experience staying in Vila Lida. The location was perfect, just 2 min walk from the beach and the nightclubs. The apartment itself was impeccably clean and well-maintained. The best part was the friendly and welcoming atmosphere...”"\n  - name: "Boban"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Friendly and welcoming host, great location, cleanness, parking spot”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-lida.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Lida is designed with the guest's comfort in mind, featuring essentials such as a desk, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with bed linen and towels. For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, select rooms boast a fully equipped kitchen, including an oven, a stovetop, and kitchenware, making it easy to prepare a home-cooked meal away from home. The convenience of air conditioning and ample wardrobe space in every unit adds to the comfortable stay.

For adventurers eager to explore the surroundings, Vila Lida offers sightseeing tours, providing an excellent opportunity to discover the local area. The property's proximity to popular beaches like Maestral Beach (500 metres) and VIP Beach (1.8 km) makes it an ideal base for beach lovers. Furthermore, with Ioannina Airport located 96 km away, access to and from the property is relatively straightforward, ensuring a hassle-free travel experience.

In summary, Vila Lida presents itself as a top-tier accommodation choice for those visiting Sarandë, offering a harmonious blend of scenic beauty, strategic location, and thoughtful amenities designed to make every stay memorable.