---\ntitle: "Vila Sigal Pogradec"\ndescription: "Vila Sigal Pogradec emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176323413.jpg?k=b9d553721d4162e8d514357a3a111cf253aff44a7b806657830ccb5363e4b5ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-sigal-pogradec\naddress: "Rr. Reshit Collaku 7301, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.90456492\n  lng: 20.65446484\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 117\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176323413.jpg?k=b9d553721d4162e8d514357a3a111cf253aff44a7b806657830ccb5363e4b5ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176324008.jpg?k=ca5eeacbd7dd94e33fc501e2b38c5937365407b09e7d991e8ee6c265ef13e496&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176323977.jpg?k=28caa12b3eb9f0600a0bb2415c123be271be01bc0b45f386dc7cc33e388987c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/176323988.jpg?k=1ea27619535ddc02364b5ab53b91a9f868d64f69a9d1f511fb1df6648e4f862c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79277334.jpg?k=0e5e73ec2541244322287ca75e8e2b06dcae335297cc64bea6928f22c8261cef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/119774296.jpg?k=61ef21189f1e87cf26ba063a4fd89949eacdbca866f47e2230632da5fa74dab0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Single Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zgara Pogradecare 30 m"\n  - "Bakery Kosovari 300 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 30 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 72 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Friendly and helpful staff. Great location near to the beach and city center.”"\n  - name: "Eva"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Good location just next to the beach, great staff, nice breakfast. The staff was super friendly. I enjoyed swimming in the lake. Had a good time in this city:)”"\n  - name: "Luljeta"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Vile e bukur. Familjare. E paster dhe mikpritese. Pozicionim shume i mire.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-sigal-pogradec.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering a seamless experience with express check-in and check-out, ensuring a hassle-free start and end to every stay. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the non-smoking rooms, each thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi that extends throughout the property. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which come complete with a bidet and free toiletries, ensuring a refreshing and comfortable stay.

For those who appreciate the finer details, some rooms also feature a seating area, providing the perfect nook for relaxation after a day of exploration. The provision of bed linen and towels in every room underscores the hotel's dedication to guest convenience and comfort.

Beyond the rooms, Vila Sigal Pogradec offers a shared lounge and a bar, inviting spaces where guests can unwind and mingle. The 24-hour front desk, room service, and currency exchange services are testament to the hotel's commitment to meeting the needs of its guests at any hour.

Adventurous guests will delight in the opportunity to engage in cycling and other activities in the picturesque surroundings of Pogradec. With Port Ohrid and the Church of St. John at Kaneo located 40 km away, and the nearest airport, Ohrid Airport, just 47 km from the hotel, Vila Sigal Pogradec serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural and natural landscape of the region.

In summary, Vila Sigal Pogradec stands out as a beacon of hospitality, offering a comfortable and convenient stay for those looking to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of Pogradec and its environs.