---\ntitle: "Vila Sefedin"\ndescription: "Vila Sefedin emerges as a serene oasis in Ksamil, offering a tranquil garden setting just a short stroll from the pristine Coco Beach and the historical Butrint National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603775.jpg?k=8657868f82241463ee3c8dbb60498b7ebd8258e2f0ab4202f47695b19babb68d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-sefedin\naddress: "Rruga Tafil Buzi, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77264122\n  lng: 20.00905841\nprice: "US$237"\npriceFrom: 237\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 11\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603775.jpg?k=8657868f82241463ee3c8dbb60498b7ebd8258e2f0ab4202f47695b19babb68d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603971.jpg?k=46bde2e25be3b418a61ea7f542c5fee1190d44b8fa804c2ce03f5999a07d446e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603866.jpg?k=79d925581d66d7da0c802c6b6803c0c7a8ecd501ef866c7dd6e459fa8cf18889&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603818.jpg?k=03c5f6a94248082f04e88568af3b959805c61b87382e41b12ce68f5e5913d3a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603986.jpg?k=51f0f045c31d4d7cc620c922b08ab7c10cf913822b1619f3dc3c61945eed14b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603773.jpg?k=e6021445c5008b6b1971fcc05d5b1c9c68c15384443c5be153a9d6091e8bd5fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603835.jpg?k=4d89bcb44a01d29653414e9d44d69d5bad60485cf5cc7cab1fda6d3b27d3dd97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603976.jpg?k=4bd99030e4a858508c03bcce5db71be17d9ebd5b81b981c63ed9c25c40cc6fec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/458603802.jpg?k=791f196414ea370a224f3f9dd52c4a791be798f0479b15d0aff352de0fcbb299&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 100 m"\n  - "Fe & Fa 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tomáš"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The place was very well situated, because the city itself is very loud, but this place was nicely calm and quiet. In every room there was air conditioner. And there was a terrace which we could use which was really nice.”"\n  - name: "Skyzyma"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Very good for big family or big company of 2-3 families up to 8-9 people. Vila is on the 2nd floor of the house with separate entrance and large hallway with sofa. Two rooms (2 and 3 beds) with shared bathroom and one room (3 beds) with private...”"\n  - name: "Francesco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very clean house, every two days they changed our sheets and towels as in the hotel. Friendly and welcoming owners, available for any clarification or need. Quiet place with reserved parking. Perfect for families. We went 8 with 4 small children.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-sefedin.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on being a smoke-free environment, with its prime location also placing guests within easy reach of the stunning Sunset Beach. The highlight of Vila Sefedin is undoubtedly its spacious apartment, which boasts three well-appointed bedrooms and two modern bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, and a fully equipped kitchen adds a touch of home comfort to the stay. Moreover, the apartment features a balcony that offers serene garden views, perfect for guests wishing to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area while enjoying the city's ambiance.

For those concerned with privacy and tranquility, the accommodation offers a private entrance and is designed with soundproofing, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling surroundings. Despite its secluded feel, Vila Sefedin remains within reach of the wider world, with Corfu International Airport located 93 km away, making it a convenient option for international travelers.

In summary, Vila Sefedin presents a compelling choice for those in search of a peaceful getaway that does not compromise on location or amenities. Its thoughtful touches and strategic positioning make it a standout option for anyone looking to explore the beauty of Ksamil and its surroundings.