---\ntitle: "Vila Zeqo Muka"\ndescription: "Vila Zeqo Muka emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Ksamil, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its prime location just 700 meters from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473433472.jpg?k=ca64d40b9d1baa0843f3150b79c5e862f2247e145f43b03a0a8a597a3c09771d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-zeqo-muka\naddress: "Rruga Sotira Rruga Sotira, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7674492\n  lng: 20.00430528\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 177\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473433472.jpg?k=ca64d40b9d1baa0843f3150b79c5e862f2247e145f43b03a0a8a597a3c09771d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/257393425.jpg?k=ca78cb45db2d6a03c216f3bc36efc84180f732b992cdaed5df0556a06c604b93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456654092.jpg?k=78dddb82c8fe94a14b36d6d3db551748873e96062261cd07318700d2b831ea9a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456654090.jpg?k=e17d1c4768c38e6226cbd8c7c359db66ffdf641f99b22c0121ee69dc87d5b3a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/160486445.jpg?k=3e8433bd7993f125d8a2d6666956affc3dedca5a88e83bc85330c590e2631273&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/192219175.jpg?k=98a2f7e13622ed738ac2a910323fed30a3157c8d82a8b38cf1ac6272293a5451&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488239639.jpg?k=d41b828556965d25462c9904b2d9d44d84695b0133123d8abf58e177da217aba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488239558.jpg?k=794d32f426182f9be7a5b7ad166a456de97246bc68c0aa063c14c0362e211ff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465139537.jpg?k=5397e34ed9b57900199621a17e14997cbb70e4888dc6971dc7790a8b8bea2851&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Simple 50 m"\n  - "My Pizza 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 150 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Subashaj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“very good place.the family staff was excellent, friendly and very kind, the rooms were very nice and very clean. And the WiFi was excellent 👌. Luxury vila, great view, quite kid friendly and great value”"\n  - name: "Martin"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Really nice big apartment in nice vila. Kind and helpful staff.”"\n  - name: "Yonna"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The hosts were very kind and helpful and the room was very clean! It also had all utilities like an air, fridge and toaster. We really appreciated the kind hosts and would definitely recommend staying here!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-zeqo-muka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Zeqo Muka are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The establishment prides itself on its commitment to service, boasting a 24-hour front desk, attentive room service, and a hassle-free currency exchange. Accommodations are thoughtfully appointed, with select units featuring private entrances that promise an exclusive and intimate experience. The interiors are well-equipped, ranging from essentials like desks and wardrobes to luxuries such as cable flat-screen TVs, fully equipped kitchens with ovens, and private bathrooms adorned with baths and plush bathrobes. For added convenience, some units also offer kettles and complimentary fruits, adding a personal touch to the guest experience.

Families visiting Vila Zeqo Muka will appreciate the thoughtful inclusion of a baby safety gate, ensuring the little ones' safety and parents' peace of mind. The proximity to Bora Bora Beach, less than 1 km away, and the historic Butrint National Park, just 2.5 km from the property, positions Vila Zeqo Muka as an ideal base for explorers keen to discover the natural and cultural treasures of the region. Furthermore, the accommodation's accessibility is underscored by its location 93 km from Corfu International Airport, making it a convenient choice for international travelers.

Vila Zeqo Muka represents a harmonious blend of natural beauty, comfort, and accessibility, making it a compelling choice for those seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.