---\ntitle: "Vila Mariss"\ndescription: "Vila Mariss stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Korçë, a mere 43 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404381957.jpg?k=507b3ec1900e402ba8bf3bbace8ee4541252bd599bf11afcf4e5f867f89f60ec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-mariss\naddress: "Rruga Ajet gjindolli Lagjia 8, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61752671\n  lng: 20.77182117\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/404381957.jpg?k=507b3ec1900e402ba8bf3bbace8ee4541252bd599bf11afcf4e5f867f89f60ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/397721607.jpg?k=4f9607dfd060b2c15cc03905fcd59de6cfc27d6df5aedad761b2d3ea5196fc11&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/392175978.jpg?k=5ebef02ce5a08d2d0f05c953d0bb24c897337376c37c008d715b143127182335&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511879911.jpg?k=8b8bcd53788e6b22a4269906744a1231113828cbb69afdef48949815046ba1e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511879885.jpg?k=d93a0e16b42413961c75cf270f27ad6100783f7681015f1b71993a55fcc86d84&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509308657.jpg?k=5d3ffcf0039f9238e268d80fa8d4bfc79e59db8b94ebc2db5dfdc37f598d2577&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Osteria 100 m"\n  - "Shend E Vere 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 500 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 900 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 950 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 46 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sebastian"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Perfectly located renovated/modernised hotel with large room, bathroom and balcony. The lovely family which runs the hotel made our short trip outstanding! Friendly and helpful recommendations, great breakfast and amazing gestures! Thank you and...”"\n  - name: "Mimoza"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“When you enter in this hotel you will be surprised by the disign, style and comfortable rooms and furniture. Its spotless clean. Its a perfect place in a perfect location. The staff is very welcoming and keen to answer any questions. It takes you...”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Easy to find, very centrally located. Good quality of the equipment, comfortable. A definite recommendation when visiting the interesting and relaxed city of Korce.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-mabel.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach guest room at Vila Mariss is a testament to thoughtful hospitality, featuring a balcony that presents an enchanting cityscape. The rooms are not only equipped with a private bathroom, shower, and complimentary toiletries but also boast a flat-screen TV and air conditioning for ultimate comfort. For those seeking a little extra, select rooms offer the luxury of a terrace. Practicality meets comfort with the inclusion of a desk in all units, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Situated conveniently, Vila Mariss is an equal distance from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs, both 43 km away. For guests traveling by air, Kastoria National Airport is the nearest gateway, located 72 km from the hotel. Vila Mariss emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and attentive service in Korçë.