---\ntitle: "Vila ELARAD"\ndescription: "Vila ELARAD emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and scenic beauty, located just a stone's throw away from Ri Beach at a mere 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383428288.jpg?k=dbdb59a376000c041dcddcebda137c4b2e38edee69dadd88926d97bb63167341&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-elarad\naddress: "Rruga Francesko Krispi, 1001 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.43511356\n  lng: 19.50135016\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 145\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/383428288.jpg?k=dbdb59a376000c041dcddcebda137c4b2e38edee69dadd88926d97bb63167341&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382391213.jpg?k=7c6f15362ff4a8b5a3d169b9f45cc28d1550485caa1376d198906c2a98800890&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388034116.jpg?k=3ab5473246af47b3e5a9f82368d31b18b12d31d12ef237db03461e51d5850f3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388030458.jpg?k=78ac96fadb6e48d8a8fdbdc812e71d313df22279f4c78c3ba468ac04e5491db1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382390831.jpg?k=f14a988e841fff6e190ec14409f3284d8ca678698d9659073fffbf5721b58c92&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388035527.jpg?k=92d621a0cfc17e798e52d179c7530044bf78d863303ba9504742bc79733886c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382390358.jpg?k=030c7ac882a8e2778eee36d9ff2f10b48c22a6259f70f30946a1d6e5883d5e38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388034225.jpg?k=0056781b561b945216480cab897d74a4b9c5e77debddb9372c5cb1df891e59b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/388035409.jpg?k=ee5dcb9e9027ee79931836ce6fb2442a3f7f788ce74bb8a39f39686d9a76ef50&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (177 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Mediterraneo 350 m"\n  - "Mazana Caffe 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 500 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.7 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Guillermo"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Vila Elarad is one of the best places where I have been in Albania! The owners managing the property make you feel like at home, they take care of all details, give advise for places to visit in town and are very easy going with the communication!...”"\n  - name: "Bogdan"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“wonderful view on Vlora seaside from the hotel and the room, comfortable room and bed, free breakfast and parking, very nice owners and staff.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The place is located up on the hill, so the view is amazing. It is also very quiet, so if you are traveling with children or if you prefer a cozy and quiet place to stay, this is a perfect one.
Breakfest is very very good and diverse- every...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-elarad-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila ELARAD are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air-conditioned units equipped with flat-screen TVs, cable channels, minibars, and kettles, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms equipped with showers, hair dryers, and thoughtful amenities like slippers, ensuring a pampered experience. Select rooms elevate the stay further with terraces that invite guests to bask in the breathtaking surroundings. The provision of free WiFi across the property ensures that guests remain connected, while the inclusion of bed linen and towels in each unit adds a touch of convenience.

The culinary experience at Vila ELARAD is a highlight, with a family-friendly restaurant that prides itself on local cuisine. Available for both lunch and dinner, the restaurant offers a menu that includes continental and Italian breakfast options, featuring warm dishes, local specialties, and a selection of juices to start the day on a delightful note.

For families, the property doesn't disappoint, boasting a children's playground that promises fun for younger guests. The shared lounge area presents a perfect setting for relaxation and socializing, further enhancing the communal feel of the guest house.

Situated a short drive from Vlore Beach and the historic Kuzum Baba, Vila ELARAD serves as an ideal base for exploring the local area. For those traveling from afar, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is located 154 km away, making the guest house accessible for international visitors.

In summary, Vila ELARAD stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and local flavor, making it a memorable part of any visit to the area.