---\ntitle: "Vila Helen"\ndescription: "Vila Helen emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Voskopojë, providing guests with an array of amenities designed for comfort and relaxation."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385746746.jpg?k=eea71ca534d53739dc0bd72f7bff775c3a2150902741d7cd35abdf2d3dd03a4b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-helen\naddress: "SH63 Nr 5/2, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.63304113\n  lng: 20.59204193\nprice: "US$71"\npriceFrom: 71\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 55\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385746746.jpg?k=eea71ca534d53739dc0bd72f7bff775c3a2150902741d7cd35abdf2d3dd03a4b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385746965.jpg?k=59423e177adb4cd6969fa0083cdde2f136c1d8422bbaae2caeb80d70ac4d764d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385746943.jpg?k=7647527278032a3b26624c51cd8e8de7b528e7df9d5b34111e3f60f752f04b8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385746890.jpg?k=35a4a6702487d22109fb5d23e3e612a60f03262f7a154662655e9c6b4adde0fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385747067.jpg?k=24e5f68912fc326b2d1d1d5e78cb410257ac325046dcb645b7c7d61cdf6c05ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/385747013.jpg?k=025d34e3eaa4443f914ef298987d97cfa1edbf1365581f57e9edf55a180b79c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\n  - "Superior Suite"\n  - "Suite with Hot Tub"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Voskopoje 150 m"\n  - "George Boutique Voskopoje 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 16 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Riham"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Everything was amazing. Service, the room, the staff, the food. Everything was amazing and beyond.”"\n  - name: "Cara"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Vila Helen is a beautiful new boutique hotel in the lovely village of Voskopoje. The hotel is beautifully designed and decorated and has a lot of charm. The attached bar is also beautifully designed and decorated and lovely to sit and have a drink...”"\n  - name: "Enxhi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Had an amazing stay at Vila Helen. The staff was very welcoming and friendly, they made us feel at home. The level of cleanliness exceeded all expectations, everything was impeccably clean. The breakfast was just perfect, a mix of delicious...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-helen.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Couples"\nbestCategories: "Couples"\ncategory: "Couples"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Helen are thoughtfully appointed, featuring seating areas complemented by flat-screen TVs for entertainment. Each room is equipped with a private bathroom, stocked with complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer, ensuring a comfortable stay. For added convenience, rooms also include a minibar and kettle.

For those seeking relaxation, Vila Helen invites guests to unwind in the hot tub, providing a perfect end to a day of exploration or relaxation. Situated just 89 km from Kastoria National Airport, the lodge offers a tranquil escape while remaining accessible for travelers.