---\ntitle: "Vila Ervin Ksamil"\ndescription: "Vila Ervin Ksamil stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303621077.jpg?k=fb439bfe2b915d0fb08231b570b6b18291a5cf5c8bcfe8a23020e2353c73b9a2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ervin-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga \"Rinia\" Lagjia 26 Marsi, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76398392\n  lng: 20.00352459\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303621077.jpg?k=fb439bfe2b915d0fb08231b570b6b18291a5cf5c8bcfe8a23020e2353c73b9a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482135054.jpg?k=a16ce746f0fc3dce8da8b926bd542b903283adbbcfe0277199a113700cff1ce2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/334994975.jpg?k=07b6e831dca62fe99b25f3655ecc9fbb23b98532119d5b3d9a77535f08a1aaf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302472757.jpg?k=5b495eed9546e32f65868a550a7efd8ebda07bfbf8929b6aaa0780be46875158&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472117266.jpg?k=b53a40e21a715511f5e46f75df88868924247b1d705b634254922be3dbf4e2fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302517993.jpg?k=ca60c5edab7a7ea314c6ad4306587c0ac33247fedf868b4ce7728a1868ace338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336334501.jpg?k=0a987ca74d4baaf090f6fa6e230ae5e11036b0e48f0fdc825213d9940aa32e69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303620667.jpg?k=ea0b953ec69bcbe9df5557fa2d6ddc78d70520ca75091dd3d452554787636267&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/336334517.jpg?k=41e0a4338e90a2804bfa5489ece282664f16262c124983667e295c99cb83b43b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335011047.jpg?k=952f561a3e5373c7af1046e774e54dbf42b071834128193141d37bb584b279e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335010204.jpg?k=71035468c1d7e3e33690a6d7c12cbbb55f668e7c766c4fb8007649f490c1a314&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335010047.jpg?k=26b60206c2328c71c6db308edd25af87ba2b8b64e64c48238d1306e72e3a66dc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 150 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 650 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 800 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 850 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amalia"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The apartment I stayed in is located on the ground floor of the villa, in a quiet area. The town, on the other hand, is noisy and crowded. The hosts are smiling and ready to help you.”"\n  - name: "Giampaolo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Evrin and his mum are very very friendly and helpful, we felt like in a family. Big room, good position, apartment is quite new, nice view, nice balcony. Very recommended. Evrin replays immediately to any question or message, he speaks good English”"\n  - name: "Ajdar"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“We stayed at Villa Ervin for family vacation at the end of August 2023.The rooms were clean, very comfortable, and the staff was amazing. For those who are traveling with own transport ,i believe that Villa Ervin its one of the best option to stay...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/eri-apartments-amp-rooms-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vila Ervin Ksamil are designed with comfort and convenience in mind. Each apartment is a retreat featuring terraces that open up to breathtaking mountain views, ensuring guests start their day with a dose of natural beauty. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including satellite flat-screen TVs, dining areas, well-appointed kitchens, and private bathrooms complete with bidets and hair dryers. For those desiring a closer connection to the sea, select units offer balconies or patios that boast direct sea views, allowing guests to soak in the tranquil ambiance right from their rooms. Moreover, the provision of bed linen and towels in all units adds an extra layer of convenience for guests.

Beyond the comfort of the apartments, Vila Ervin Ksamil offers a range of facilities to enhance the stay experience. Guests can enjoy leisurely moments in the lush garden, unwind at the bar, or engage in friendly barbecue gatherings, making it an ideal spot for both relaxation and socializing.

For explorers eager to discover the local beaches, Lori Beach and Bora Bora Beach are within easy reach, located just 1.1 km and 1.2 km away, respectively. Additionally, the property's proximity to Corfu International Airport, situated 92 km away, facilitates convenient travel arrangements for international guests.

In essence, Vila Ervin Ksamil emerges as a top-tier accommodation choice, offering a blend of scenic beauty, comfort, and accessibility, making it a compelling pick for families and solo travelers alike in search of a memorable Ksamil beachfront experience.