---\ntitle: "Vila Kylie"\ndescription: "Vila Kylie emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, boasting an enviable position merely steps away from the pristine sands of Paradise Beach and the inviting shores of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304151038.jpg?k=7295b9e0536914ca2c093208b0b1c0ba356e6ddba841a218eb4dfbbc542e0a6e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kylie\naddress: "Rruga Riviera Nr.43, 9700 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76525509\n  lng: 19.99761298\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 125\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304151038.jpg?k=7295b9e0536914ca2c093208b0b1c0ba356e6ddba841a218eb4dfbbc542e0a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455665974.jpg?k=b74d13f10287c61aced8a115d84928ef0c3b64ad3a62792c49ab81bb27209bc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455693513.jpg?k=8de47305280517f8b630a5c94bd49f1317a7f7ac53067304e88168c611babae6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455697043.jpg?k=b9928051b60b82a41538396e354fbaac210b198be6b363de15481cfe419fe3f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455660002.jpg?k=1ceea17a0322e1d0eb3b6c48b8c16d50225748b871332152e03dca216e040783&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455677190.jpg?k=573474b0fe1e65fcf22c2b06a1fb0d077d4beb99ceb7bac5ae79f808a288aea2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455678599.jpg?k=19d61d9b3c7f0025b42cfda646593863b5351d7f13f3122a52b6ffbcca73e5d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461649509.jpg?k=21c2ff0254c85d1133d1c8c3917d906fe3c05a804d47548bc29a0fd5858ebfa6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461649393.jpg?k=cb84067aa79349b333ae726b208a135cbe69ebda6218c636c46aa618954e88fe&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tulum Principotes Ksamil 100 m"\n  - "Plazhi Paradise 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 100 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 250 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Victor"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Good location, great price and very comfortable apartments”"\n  - name: "Marc"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean, spacious, comfy and well equiped. It's very good located. A little bit outside of the busy centrum but just a little walk to the beach, restaurants, Cafés and supermarket (5 minutes walk).
The host is super friendly and...”"\n  - name: "Karapec"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“I guess everything. Everything is new, clean and practical. The hosts are nice and welcoming. The beach is very close at 2min walking with fair prices and a place to set yourself without paying for sunbeds (since a lot of people are looking for...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ari-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Kylie are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring tiled floors that lead to a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a refrigerator and dining area. Entertainment and relaxation are ensured with a flat-screen TV offering a variety of cable channels, while the privacy of an en-suite bathroom equipped with a bidet and hair dryer adds to the comfort of the stay. For those who appreciate a morning cup of coffee or the tranquility of outdoor spaces, select units boast balconies with garden views, alongside the standard inclusion of a coffee machine, air conditioning, and ample wardrobe space.

Families visiting Vila Kylie will find the addition of a baby safety gate a thoughtful touch, ensuring peace of mind during their stay. The guest house also invites guests to unwind in its lush garden, offering a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

Situated a short stroll from Lori Beach and within easy reach of the historical Butrint National Park, Vila Kylie serves as an ideal base for explorers keen to discover the natural and cultural treasures of the area. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making Vila Kylie a convenient and accessible choice for a memorable getaway in Ksamil.