---\ntitle: "Vila Ada Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila Ada Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211680888.jpg?k=16cf979553bf7891f545809c8e1786fd6e2c3b77bc0005a16f681fd1b874da1a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ada-hotel\naddress: "Sulejman Pitarka 66, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32512703\n  lng: 19.80630845\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 592\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211680888.jpg?k=16cf979553bf7891f545809c8e1786fd6e2c3b77bc0005a16f681fd1b874da1a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313865983.jpg?k=c62771290c8dbea3103a42424b9d0537797bebfb0149c2ec9f3ffa40482fb3e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313877554.jpg?k=f812f388f0a916e8e7a53b6a0db248647034aba09d7fd37656cd43ca7127a76c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/99217566.jpg?k=edde57ba1fe5c3e6632af35a710d808d558f11964b62cbc300bd1b5916c0c4c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313865979.jpg?k=e19cafc33b2a95ab77f40a4d3156d8df554571e69e8b09cb402df87a875ab96b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313877569.jpg?k=94ef6e7060ae16a76261403a1033ac42e18796e3efde4157d27cdec8f762bd16&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ikona 100 m"\n  - "Classic Bar 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mihaela"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The staff was very nice. The hotel is very clean. The owner is friendly and he recomended us nice places in and out of tirana. Ask him for tave balte (the best food that we ever ate).”"\n  - name: "Alperge"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Hotel room is small but very clean.
The hotel was centrally located and near to known placed.”"\n  - name: "Ivanna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“It is wonderful hotel with very nice staff! I really recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ada.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a world of elegance with air-conditioned rooms that boast free WiFi and private bathrooms, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity. The hotel's thoughtful amenities include a bar for evening relaxation, a shared lounge for socializing, and a 24-hour front desk ready to assist with any needs, including currency exchange.

Accommodations at Vila Ada Hotel are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring work desks, flat-screen TVs, and select rooms with balconies for those who appreciate a view. A minibar in each room adds a touch of luxury, catering to guests' desires for refreshment at any hour.

Strategically positioned, the hotel is in close proximity to notable attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it an ideal base for exploring the rich history and culture of Tirana. For those traveling by air, the convenience is unparalleled, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 14 km away.

Vila Ada Hotel stands out as a premier destination for those who value sophistication, location, and service in their travel accommodations.