---\ntitle: "Vila Balani"\ndescription: "Vila Balani emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419142733.jpg?k=873b5a1081401fe14714ef6a904a86f80e91e180cd78f56cde7a3d7933d6a2b9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-balani\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7747938\n  lng: 20.0056019\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 203\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/419142733.jpg?k=873b5a1081401fe14714ef6a904a86f80e91e180cd78f56cde7a3d7933d6a2b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303156492.jpg?k=76c6a8e8df448b88d1fd40686a6c95c9bafeb6cc72d8235b65583d7a325b5bf7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303157744.jpg?k=cb657cdd5d48f7fd635e85f45f61990677251e6cc4769690cb7015aba39f0294&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303156930.jpg?k=ab41bcdb4d2d68f12781a4f021bf2fbfe4d16af6db88b86a6a503832fe44bb07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303155161.jpg?k=d1a2308840b4afbe1ea35113317a25214257f719264798c5a51e4af1e1a92296&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303156509.jpg?k=1dc449f51957712d33b04762ac0ba4277c418d199199caed0e1ff833ab187087&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303156513.jpg?k=bc885154c8bdaa90d8ae1493f9bf47ddfaa2af9befe37fbecadea9af021cfda4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/303156789.jpg?k=44bdbc64ffdd19ed7d731e16a5bf01feaab7d63e749ca5e9ca5cb1ca50608a3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306571360.jpg?k=975d750f8cd44a3b5c880dbad213c892e5528003a3939bef4c1dd47c4869e5f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150459279.jpg?k=6a7f96d7c0729b839bc99e1ecd2b8c47806d9fce2fde5b0564fad1bfb74489dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/150458344.jpg?k=4199f6e9f0722b38f426da79644b04447f208b84827176b3106ecfdbcab356d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199111566.jpg?k=1af119ef21d3a359c8c95cfa346a768556e79a0eb06ba2639b043cfeffc6a1e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat House 30 m"\n  - "Shakesbeer 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 400 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 650 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 2.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emma"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very clean, lovely hosts. Cleaned daily which was amazing! Black out window was incredible. Bed was comfy.”"\n  - name: "Adrian"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The location of the villa was great and also a great advantage was the fact that it had it's own parking. The facilities and rooms were super clean. Daily towel change and bathroom cleanup and disinfection”"\n  - name: "Arifaj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I liked the fact that the room was very clean and there was a daily change of towels. Also the room was new and modern, so we felt very comfortable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-balani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a selection of units, each designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels are standard in every room, ensuring a relaxing stay. For added convenience, a safety deposit box and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet, bathrobes, and slippers are provided. Select units elevate the experience further with a well-appointed kitchen, complete with an oven, a minibar, and kitchenware, making them ideal for those who prefer a home-cooked meal even while traveling.

Beyond the confines of their rooms, guests are invited to explore the outdoor amenities that Vila Balani has to offer. An outdoor fireplace and a picnic area provide perfect settings for a leisurely day spent in the company of friends or family. The terrace offers a serene spot to unwind while taking in the breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and gardens.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local landscape, the villa is conveniently located near popular attractions such as Coco Beach, Bora Bora Beach, and Ksamil Beach 7. Adventure enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to cycling and fishing opportunities, allowing for an active engagement with the natural beauty of the area.

Accessibility is also a highlight, with Corfu International Airport situated 93 km away, making Vila Balani an accessible retreat for international travelers.

In summary, Vila Balani presents a compelling proposition for those in search of a tranquil yet engaging getaway in Ksamil. With its thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and the promise of a memorable stay, it stands as a beacon for discerning travelers.