---\ntitle: "Vila Cerca de Mar"\ndescription: "Vila \"Cerca de Mar\" stands as a serene oasis in Ksamil, boasting breathtaking sea views and a prime location just a stone's throw away from the beach, merely 20 meters to be precise."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167696000.jpg?k=e015f561f6d82b55018a6bb137cb8dc9435fe225faa9d88f7b3fd3484018afd6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-cerca-de-mar\naddress: "Rruga Riviera, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76785941\n  lng: 19.99931166\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 97\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167696000.jpg?k=e015f561f6d82b55018a6bb137cb8dc9435fe225faa9d88f7b3fd3484018afd6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232315192.jpg?k=7766019e46464066e6966a3383c3958d06d49c293e27eafed3864449c924ff56&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232315530.jpg?k=bb0a95b9d7466aee967275fd7b7addb0e0da4899e5dec0902b6e062699905e86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167695533.jpg?k=506de15edb9c97d6ab6abd8ff764dab00b7497d48a2f9d1415558a82c874178d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232315912.jpg?k=160c6c2134bd49dd35d6dc76e18cf29abe6371d07ba2050653d2a82139e17743&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232306963.jpg?k=a5d5b6442e5c44195b3e0f12e5ea3313cfe617258188e0647c12178e291ef901&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/116203409.jpg?k=2f89e9dfb9991acccad11e2d2f6c75189597c77892d9bb77087625b4f672e335&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232313137.jpg?k=be9ff4b6fa0da182de5313e824478b5bfcb3fb0e8a936fe58e2d004715ab0ecc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/232375542.jpg?k=7c1c6281f0c08fa2d5318b5f2b5ed365d001155f5abc9af22b5a6a92305e437c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (134 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Piceri Palma 20 m"\n  - "Freskia e Jonit 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 50 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 350 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 350 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 400 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 400 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I had the Best Time 🥰 with my husband 😍
Very Clean and beautiful hotel
We will come back soon ❤️”"\n  - name: "Floros"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“I loved how clean the establishment was. Very clean and crisp.”"\n  - name: "Georgiana"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“This property was excellent! We liked it so much that we even booked another night. The host was delightful, she recommended us places to visit and was always around if you needed anything. We had a dedicated parking spot which had camera...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-quot-cerca-de-mar-quot.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit at Vila "Cerca de Mar" is a testament to comfort and convenience, featuring air-conditioning and complimentary WiFi access to ensure guests stay connected. The living spaces are thoughtfully designed with a flat-screen TV and a cozy seating area, making it a perfect retreat after a day of adventure. The highlight, however, is the balcony in every unit, presenting an unobstructed view of the sea, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the serene surroundings.

For those who prefer to cater to their culinary needs, a kitchenette equipped with a microwave is at their disposal, adding a touch of home-away-from-home comfort. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, where towels are provided, and a shower is available, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

Convenience is key at Vila "Cerca de Mar," with free private parking making it easy for guests to explore the area at their leisure. Its proximity to Saranda City Centre, just a 15-minute drive away, positions it as an ideal base for guests looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and attractions.

Vila "Cerca de Mar" emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation, convenience, and a touch of adventure, making it a memorable stay in the heart of Ksamil.