---\ntitle: "Vila Koltrina"\ndescription: "Vila Koltrina emerges as a serene oasis in Shkodër, located a mere 48 km from the bustling Port of Bar."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545707.jpg?k=5ff4aae06ef537f2cffda24fc3570c73e00033b6df457ec9dd6a52f13e026d44&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-koltrina\naddress: "Rruga Hafiz Sabri Bushati 6, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06383224\n  lng: 19.51007235\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 59\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545707.jpg?k=5ff4aae06ef537f2cffda24fc3570c73e00033b6df457ec9dd6a52f13e026d44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545758.jpg?k=494d16d1673d64871cb754db787cc3d726a176bfcb160748c741db4bda07bf31&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545810.jpg?k=37911bb88f92ba0898bf627ab415fb80db5b39f2d297038f9368f07347be6bb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545798.jpg?k=a421d2ffdff5b0c6e8ce66f6db57f6a2baa23027e0f472a679e88c2475a5c797&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545740.jpg?k=82150f0e70d591ed51d361e37e5be14763e98ecbe0aa8771143643df37bda4ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375545753.jpg?k=159272e458bf8632046a143b99e097e1baf5893b10dfef0b46be315e45d494f5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Garden View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Alef 40 m"\n  - "A3 Corner 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 2.4 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maryna"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“This place is great. Although we stayed there one night, we enjoyed it so much. The apartment is located very close to the city center, and there are a lot of free parking spots. The host was there always to help”"\n  - name: "Dogus"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“All is perfect in this house. Very close to the cafes, markets and important places.”"\n  - name: "Sarah"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Lovely welcome complete with mountain tea and home made baklava. We were upgraded to 2 rooms which our teenagers appreciated. The Vila is an oasis in the middle of Shkoder close to the 'strip' and museums, supermarket bakery, vegetable stalls,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-koltrina.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vila Koltrina are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each room serves as a private retreat, featuring a cozy seating area equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom adorned with plush bathrobes, slippers, and a bidet for an added touch of luxury. The convenience of in-room refrigerators, kitchenware, and kettles ensures that guests' needs are met with ease. Moreover, the provision of crisp bed linen and soft towels underscores the guest house's attention to detail.

Understanding the needs of its guests, Vila Koltrina offers the thoughtful service of packed lunches, perfect for those planning excursions or day trips in the surrounding area. Families visiting the guest house will delight in the outdoor play equipment, ensuring that the little ones are entertained, while the outdoor fireplace and picnic area invite guests of all ages to enjoy a day under the sky.

Situated 58 km from Podgorica Airport, Vila Koltrina simplifies travel logistics with its available paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. This guest house stands out as a preferred choice for travelers in search of a peaceful stay, complemented by facilities that cater to both relaxation and adventure.