---\ntitle: "Vila Kokoneshi"\ndescription: "Vila Kokoneshi stands out as a serene retreat in Divjakë, located just 43 km away from the iconic Rock of Kavaje."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359616580.jpg?k=d5f3433b636feb7530e05b41ab5963c89b72e5f1c21899e68caf3a7329c2c821&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kokoneshi\naddress: "Rr.\"Kryqezimit AL, 9022, Albania, 9022 Divjakë, Albania"\ncity: "Divjakë"\nlocation: "Divjakë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.99617607\n  lng: 19.53239282\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/359616580.jpg?k=d5f3433b636feb7530e05b41ab5963c89b72e5f1c21899e68caf3a7329c2c821&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465447965.jpg?k=fdf6e90a197a350e728e2ca072f7cd5490ba2ed3a9597e3936e89b00dc9862b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465448251.jpg?k=c3d51e914447e6619b0befc2cd247874f31615da15dea3d235ac541926f250b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465448473.jpg?k=14d0eb633eb126c24fc1cccf781cc9161a1e54b02ff77a10194c93a0932fb3f4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465449182.jpg?k=b549149f0823e8f91f5cd5cddd63bb949a750571574a90f030ea6a123578a709&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465447572.jpg?k=474d156e632b0a000291e6485f627767c0745fd4054c867b91c3858f89d23db0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Family Room with Mountain View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Janko 20 m"\n  - "Rudho 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 10 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 0 m"\n  - "Sheshi I Bashkise 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 47 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Florent"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Well furnished apartment, very new and clean. Very nice owner. I recommend for any stay in Divjakë district to see the pelicans and pink flamingos and enjoy the beaches”"\n  - name: "Yongqing"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“The host communication is timely and effective. The apartment is spacious, well equipped, has everything we need for family travelling. The local community, the farmland, the town are fantastic. But most of all we are thankful of the warm...”"\n  - name: "Tomáš"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Vše nové, čisté a funkční, Skvělý poměr cena/kvalita”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-kokoneshi-divjake1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Kokoneshi are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to ensure a comfortable stay. Each room features air conditioning, a refrigerator, kitchenware, and a kettle, alongside essentials such as a shower, hair dryer, and ample wardrobe space. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which come with a bidet and slippers for that extra touch of luxury. Guests can enjoy the convenience of free WiFi throughout their stay, and select rooms offer the added bonus of a balcony, providing a perfect spot to unwind and take in the surroundings.

For those traveling to or from the area, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 79 km from the guest house, making Vila Kokoneshi an ideal choice for both short visits and longer stays. With its combination of family-friendly rooms, essential amenities, and picturesque setting, this guest house promises a memorable experience for all who visit.