---\ntitle: "Vila Pllaha"\ndescription: "Vila Pllaha stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Korçë, offering guests a serene stay just a stone's throw away from the enchanting Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum, both located 43 km from the property."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446223960.jpg?k=7c9b703d3380cdbd64b1462bd084ebd42e3a690de032562bc94c8dc1587a621c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-pllaha\naddress: "Rruga Ismail Qemali Korçe, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61722056\n  lng: 20.77731972\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446223960.jpg?k=7c9b703d3380cdbd64b1462bd084ebd42e3a690de032562bc94c8dc1587a621c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485161984.jpg?k=706e5a662a42cf6d0f75187675fdba408914f341d6a997955a07647c65e91b97&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485156599.jpg?k=68da77cde7032aaa70a64d5538802685e5ce8a3683b6c9e6922653d8c3b5d0a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485163084.jpg?k=626738f09b22bfc9dce567de0625a8973d5cbb814c111c601edfa8bd7ba5337a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485162610.jpg?k=7345e59c6927da31166ddc0af976c0d7734c20b7e00cfa53ad81838016c54a24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485161894.jpg?k=e2fda7e359fdb2d370b412766a96688f89f1c195919798b1eb1be8d5a7df855b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Amigos 20 m"\n  - "Helzag 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 150 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 150 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 450 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iris"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location is amazing! Near everything! The room was comfortable and clean! The entrance was safe, with code and after you find the room with a key on the door. The staff is super willing and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very cozy and 3 minutes near the city centre
The room was isolated from the outside noise which made the stay better”"\n  - name: "Anamonika"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Excellent host, location, and facilities. Highly recommend it!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-pllaha.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Pllaha are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with essential amenities including a wardrobe for personal belongings. The private bathrooms are well-appointed with showers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a refreshing start and end to each day. For entertainment and comfort, guests will find a flat-screen TV and air conditioning in every room, with select accommodations also offering the luxury of a balcony. To further enhance the stay, soft bed linen and towels are provided in all rooms, ensuring a restful night's sleep.

For travelers arriving by air, the convenience of Kastoria National Airport being just 71 km away makes Vila Pllaha an accessible retreat for both domestic and international visitors. Whether visiting Korçë for its cultural landmarks or the natural beauty that surrounds it, Vila Pllaha offers a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, making it an ideal choice for families and solo travelers alike.