---\ntitle: "Vila Arial"\ndescription: "Vila Arial emerges as a gem in Vlorë, standing a mere 400 meters from the serene Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516884908.jpg?k=8c8fc4147754cc87d6625c2fa6c0f77e752045fdc252b7a47aca19eaf091be85&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-arial\naddress: "Rruga Aleks Çaçi, 9400 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45945327\n  lng: 19.47023972\nprice: "US$33"\npriceFrom: 33\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 281\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/516884908.jpg?k=8c8fc4147754cc87d6625c2fa6c0f77e752045fdc252b7a47aca19eaf091be85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461943534.jpg?k=427f4749d7e80f8af4f428ceabda9bf87cfe03289453854973fddfb50ccb970b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478664008.jpg?k=9a2bdb616f94894300e41b783f91c5eda7d05c8658710f2c614c37140b63cbc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461943539.jpg?k=2ad6674bcc7d3c50e2249e439d1bdf4ca207d56a5b259be6df5b2214279d1bb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407642891.jpg?k=bf2146be8fd08964df07028eda232b144960cae6e7cfe312b574f889815cd8c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461943543.jpg?k=fad3956dfcf2063019fb982cffa87d6ea779ae2e543f54bcef4337dc7d928dd4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 150 m"\n  - "Love Beach 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 250 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.3 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Marie"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Big clean apartment with all necessary furnitures and very stylish Parking available at Villa
Helpful staff and very communicative Good breakfast that also served in room”"\n  - name: "Andrii"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Wonderful place! The villa with multiple rooms is in 10-15 mins walk from public beach. Restaurant has top reviews, however we just had breakfast and can definitely recommend, it was wonderful. Very calm place with own parking.”"\n  - name: "Nikola"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Big and clean apartment. Nice staff. Really great breakfast for only 5 euros per person.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-adria.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Arial are designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring air conditioning, flat-screen TVs equipped with streaming services, refrigerators, and kettles. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, which are stocked with complimentary toiletries and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable stay. Each unit also boasts a seating and dining area, allowing guests to feel at home.

Mornings at Vila Arial start on a high note with a continental breakfast, setting the tone for a day of exploration or relaxation. The on-site coffee shop serves as a cozy nook for guests, while the barbecue facilities offer a delightful option for dining under the stars during the warmer months.

For those looking to explore the local sights, Vila Arial provides an ideal base with sightseeing tours readily accessible. Families will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, highlighting the property's commitment to guest safety and comfort.

Located just 2.9 km from Vlore Beach and 3.1 km from Independence Square, Vila Arial offers a tranquil retreat with the convenience of being close to key attractions. For guests arriving from afar, the property facilitates a smooth journey with a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away.

Vila Arial stands out as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of serenity, comfort, and convenience in the heart of Vlorë.