---\ntitle: "Vila Pasqyra"\ndescription: "Vila Pasqyra emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both adventure and relaxation amidst the breathtaking landscape, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Pasqyra Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79815731.jpg?k=48dfb92af84d8834bccb6343bc916ee1caac19b85ab2e17dde8bca46ca9ea71c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-pasqyra\naddress: "plazhi pasqyrat, 3650 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.802408\n  lng: 20.00974\nprice: "US$269"\npriceFrom: 269\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 258\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/79815731.jpg?k=48dfb92af84d8834bccb6343bc916ee1caac19b85ab2e17dde8bca46ca9ea71c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/207259050.jpg?k=8d225c61ebc77f9cc6ed438905e6055ec551439c9b04d5760d708580c8e9badb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/175486384.jpg?k=c2cfaaf7c1a8026da6e1dec3207680e41d6539cef1373299f45e56e97c8b80d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/137206507.jpg?k=66cfc477c2da18640f03e4b3a32538b242081018ef98c4c14fd5595046295b43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/242919604.jpg?k=c798d87aa2e7c9220f5a4cf7dc0d06a0de1573ad606789f9e1c4987e6231f95e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68773916.jpg?k=73ced5de031e7386f40f69127693da406de96247298c0b10d01c13124441037e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Panorama Eni 250 m"\n  - "Bar Restraunt Pasqyra 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Pasqyra Beach 450 m"\n  - "Pulebardha Beach 750 m"\n  - "Manastir Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 1 1.2 km"\n  - "Sunset Beach 2.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 800 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 3.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 23 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irmaglassart"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Villa Pasqyra is located in a quiet surrounding and has beautiful views over the sea, the beach is close, 10 mins walk or you can go by car, via a dirt road.
The host, Klevis, is very polite, ready to help, he even upgraded our room to a spacious...”"\n  - name: "Ruben"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Thank you Klevis for the stay, we had an amazing time. The location is great, stunning sea view from the restaurant. The food is also really good and Klevis is such a nice guy, he was very helpful throughout the whole stay”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Great place on top of the hill, great view. The host is very friendly and will do anything to male your stay as pleasant as possible.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-pasqyra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on providing a seamless experience, featuring complimentary private parking and round-the-clock front desk service. Security is paramount, with full-day monitoring, and the convenience of private check-in and check-out, alongside a currency exchange service, ensures a hassle-free stay for all guests.

Accommodations at Vila Pasqyra are thoughtfully designed with the guest's comfort in mind. Each unit is equipped with modern amenities including a desk, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi. The attention to detail extends to the provision of a private bathroom, a safety deposit box, and the added touch of bed linen and towels. Select rooms elevate the experience further with balconies and captivating sea views, inviting guests to unwind in their private oasis.

Dining at the aparthotel is a delight, with an on-site restaurant catering to a variety of tastes for dinner, lunch, brunch, and even cocktails. The family-friendly atmosphere makes it a perfect spot for guests of all ages to enjoy a meal together.

For those looking to explore the natural beauty of the area, Vila Pasqyra is ideally situated. Activities such as snorkeling, diving, and fishing are readily accessible, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the vibrant marine life or simply relax along the scenic beachfront. The property is also conveniently located near other popular beaches, with Manastir Beach just 1.3 km away and Pulebardha Beach at a distance of 2.1 km.

For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, located 98 km from the aparthotel, making Vila Pasqyra an accessible destination for a memorable getaway.