---\ntitle: "Vila Kea Mucobega"\ndescription: "Vila Kea Mucobega stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, just a short stroll from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475987242.jpg?k=80ac3562803036bc363e7f3b8ec0739b46ab9927b6c2e2503ee729fd06dbee21&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-kea-mucobega\naddress: "Rruga Butrint, Siper Santa quaranta, 9999 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85928917\n  lng: 20.02134141\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 18\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475987242.jpg?k=80ac3562803036bc363e7f3b8ec0739b46ab9927b6c2e2503ee729fd06dbee21&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/205843129.jpg?k=59b4b77a6a1b1f09d84cfe163eb67c86097cc5e712b3c38641289df3eb84fc09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74050534.jpg?k=255fe537121e85bf27786293771df6f730e4f03ad59d3e954ff429e0b143dc7f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152118888.jpg?k=78d634724a9f7e2f58184513900d70497d1c1e114db870e2dead78d56645c0a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/368311380.jpg?k=83719f777caf88ddaff982039a4842a84f75f3b25034687c482b8b56b705e0f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479486962.jpg?k=3cb8450655666d18970c8144ca365f3fcfb0b3fdbe3175727d25e6f2f2a1a17d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367885015.jpg?k=0eff704208b49313df1f0781dfa004eaab58c78053b8e2c56edc5dab7dc8bd69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/152118915.jpg?k=edafae38cf1572af393042dbda8c9c11e08792d96cdb046631cd620603f5af29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362532011.jpg?k=2cde64f0d0557bd6d8a12e28b4f48a3d332988442cb0c9ec56eac75bb5f88c4b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Koral 50 m"\n  - "The Meat House Sarande 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "VIP Beach 100 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 200 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 400 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 550 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 300 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Artur"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The owner and his family are very kind and helpful, the rooms are great and very clean. It was the best apartment's service I have ever been. View from the rooms are amazing. I can recommend this apartment with 100% satisfaction.”"\n  - name: "Melita"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host went above and beyond with his effort. He was friendly and understanding. He dropped us off to the main city centre on the first day which was honestly so helpful. The apartment was clean and the view was stunning. He was always there...”"\n  - name: "Mahmoud"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“We liked accommodation. Kristin ( host ) He took care of us since we arrived Sarande . He spoke with Taxi driver to explain him in Albanian Language about the location exactly. He provided with amazing high floor view as we asked . When we come...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-kea-mocobega.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within Vila Kea Mucobega is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities to meet the needs of every guest. From air conditioning, essential for the warm Mediterranean climate, to practical kitchen appliances like a kettle, fridge, and stovetop, guests have everything they need at their fingertips. The inclusion of a safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and free WiFi adds an extra layer of comfort and entertainment, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with connectivity.

The charm of these apartments is further enhanced by their design, offering private bathrooms with showers, terraces, and the luxury of a balcony in every unit. The outdoor dining area on the balcony, coupled with breathtaking mountain views, provides an idyllic setting for meals and moments of tranquility.

For those who enjoy the comforts of home-cooked meals, the apartment complex's fully equipped kitchens offer a delightful opportunity to whip up personal culinary favorites, adding a touch of homeliness to the travel experience.

Situated conveniently close to VIP Beach and Flamingo Beach, guests at Vila Kea Mucobega are spoilt for choice when it comes to selecting a spot for seaside relaxation. Moreover, the proximity to Ioannina Airport, just 97 km away, makes this complex a practical choice for both international travelers and those exploring the region.

In summary, Vila Kea Mucobega provides a harmonious balance of modern amenities, privacy, and scenic beauty, making it an exceptional choice for families and individuals alike seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.