---\ntitle: "Vila Nanaj"\ndescription: "Vila Nanaj emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Sarandë, located merely 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480166882.jpg?k=44946cd17c39f1c72c7c823bc90fe7cd395614e45aad633aeacea57f73dcef73&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-nanaj\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme 53, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88169337\n  lng: 19.99952845\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480166882.jpg?k=44946cd17c39f1c72c7c823bc90fe7cd395614e45aad633aeacea57f73dcef73&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480167119.jpg?k=2142ddab169ceb39c40344abf09d77fbb59249f3f1d542230d3e070cbd8e76e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480168774.jpg?k=87650147867f109b690a4b52ab48fff1466de93f7ff39927b0029b7720d21e25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480167137.jpg?k=aee05aad25910b2d1017171a18e795641835368fec976da1cb2c2b953627ee69&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480167681.jpg?k=941b9367b45a6a3fd81f40a71ac8dd75302c7b15835182acd52b6d0bb5601742&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480420925.jpg?k=5b0bd163654e83ca44f45239c6d996c3d85a4454d2863f32ec75a8a884ea292c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480167835.jpg?k=67b66bf98b34ac04bd44a122768d4c7ce83816d1d3d5231d1f9236a4fed857fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480167431.jpg?k=2c84475c04597ef78cda2003d27c578aec9f02675ff54fb0efb7b96c280174f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480166887.jpg?k=0b415fea9a7ec9083f7b6ce6adc9a39a411eee3d06e85d093f0556e06fb273b2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 450 m"\n  - "Ali Pasha 600 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Nice place with great view. The host was nice and thoughtful. I recommend the place.”"\n  - name: "Milot"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hello! I was there for 7 days, although not all days were sunny, but the place was very quiet and I could relax for a while, holidays are always worth it☺️✌🏼”"\n  - name: "Aminemr"\n    country: "Algeria"\n    text: "“La vue était top
L'accueil plus qu'à la hauteur et à l'écoute”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-nanaj-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern comfort and leisure, featuring air-conditioned spaces that extend onto a private balcony. It is equipped with a PlayStation 4, catering to entertainment needs, alongside a fully furnished kitchen that includes an oven, fridge, and stovetop. The living area is thoughtfully designed with a cozy seating and dining area, leading to two well-appointed bedrooms and a bathroom equipped with both a bidet and a bath. The terrace, adorned with outdoor furniture, offers a splendid mountain view, enhancing the stay with an option for wine or champagne to toast to the scenic beauty.

For those who relish outdoor dining, the apartment boasts barbecue facilities and a private patio, perfect for enjoying meals under the sky. The presence of a garden adds a touch of tranquility, inviting guests to unwind in the embrace of nature.

Beyond the comforts of Vila Nanaj, adventurers will find Butrint National Park, a historical gem, just 18 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich heritage. For guests traveling by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest, located 98 km from the property, making Vila Nanaj an accessible retreat for both local and international visitors.

In essence, Vila Nanaj stands out as a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it an ideal choice for those looking to explore the charms of Sarandë while enjoying the comforts of a home away from home.