---\ntitle: "VILA ALIZEE Hotel"\ndescription: "VILA ALIZEE Hotel emerges as a serene oasis just a short 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528733155.jpg?k=2a2c33351d87670520ff611fc9923c1ac3d288a75274304b31a52acb921aa138&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-alizee-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Stavri Themeli, vila 4/4, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32398184\n  lng: 19.79269032\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 402\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 7.8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528733155.jpg?k=2a2c33351d87670520ff611fc9923c1ac3d288a75274304b31a52acb921aa138&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528724352.jpg?k=9d35fcb54815e9e4586d2d4813dc26bd042ad4b3d388c9c07ec00f9136fc0538&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/118330530.jpg?k=8964330b7e9aa75a9cf24efc02b3ebf9eee8f245ea7145c49de269f78c5de243&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503985751.jpg?k=ec7a7cb2f0f8908d6cf4515f782d4fc86c17215d2fb56662728363f549e2d52b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528724512.jpg?k=beb934848c1674f3d9f574d1ca98da4c6bbc6f2be108c60254b1a723b1f8900b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528724462.jpg?k=7b83d0a93039550beb7fa081d306de232ba0aea802e718acd9db1ae472e6adb2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Children's cots (upon request)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\n  - "Comfort Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 2.1 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 2.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.8 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 3.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Dollia 100 m"\n  - "Xha.ki 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 800 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 1.2 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 81 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pablo"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The room is excellent and comfy. The breakfast was good in amount and quality.”"\n  - name: "Santiago"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The staff was incredibly kind and helpful, they arranged anything we needed. Would recommend for sure.”"\n  - name: "Alison"\n    country: "South Africa"\n    text: "“The host was very friendly and helpful. I missed breakfast as I left really early - I was given a picnic pack which was great”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-alizee.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at VILA ALIZEE is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, desk, and wardrobe. Select accommodations also boast a balcony, providing a private outdoor space for guests to enjoy. The en-suite bathrooms are well-appointed with either a bath or shower, ensuring a refreshing start or end to the day.

Mornings at VILA ALIZEE are greeted with a choice of a continental or full English breakfast, setting guests up perfectly for a day of exploration or relaxation. The hotel bar serves as a cozy spot for an evening drink, while those looking to dine out will find a variety of restaurants just a short stroll away.

The hotel doesn’t skimp on the essentials, offering complimentary WiFi access throughout the premises and free public parking on site, making it a hassle-free choice for those traveling by car. For guests arriving or departing by air, Tirana Airport is a mere 12 km away, and the convenience of luggage storage is available, ensuring a smooth transition between travel and stay.

VILA ALIZEE Hotel stands out as a delightful retreat for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, all within close reach of Tirana’s vibrant city center.