---\ntitle: "Vila Malo 2"\ndescription: "Vila Malo 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, located just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128434.jpg?k=dd47a88028759abd5ee6044f1f0dcab3777527aa3999893ae5c4e5d6956e0d70&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-malo-2\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76408506\n  lng: 20.00217397\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 49\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128434.jpg?k=dd47a88028759abd5ee6044f1f0dcab3777527aa3999893ae5c4e5d6956e0d70&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128846.jpg?k=69040731be639db2953f92e4a14a6ab65b1a5b2f4ab1002117977a6336a484a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128944.jpg?k=5018d1caa98eeac418b7712d741f00e473b6baa9b460520b82433a1b8419f133&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484010586.jpg?k=7239bd5e5487183cf735cbd33ba78e1754ee649b4104ae2a3214886e5fd857fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128849.jpg?k=5f982c21c293068896e62b6c0d4eb49b18ff649a4332716c2be3b00035843cf2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128858.jpg?k=0b6e8bfbc9b87f064ab0fe2bec7c4540eb255352bfd2b25d89e02591cd19df3e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128429.jpg?k=fa069864a7328a57f57a35184200eb593b502b1bc067d9a4821a9bbb00789483&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128731.jpg?k=f7a512af44bf44cfc4237820540ba5deecaed7ae308cdf13181564dfc1c1ee35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128733.jpg?k=f6ea0c00d4b6f16f5989f8d8a53fe7b031183c784f13bb515cbbc86d03833f24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128431.jpg?k=d89ab6fdc3ee3773b581fb9950e670a703ffc25ec6ca4c0eb703bd11818850ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473129001.jpg?k=76a20403ae397addcc06f1cd87fda21a12a54a725fa8d0e3f2428ca8754a75ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473128855.jpg?k=170ea71ad6f7e03e3fafe67b916ab2ef1c7a21b798994b10c9537d2be0ac0f0c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 50 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 700 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anya"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We absolutely loved staying at Villa Malo 2 and couldn’t recommend it more. This was our first time in Albania and Ardita made us so welcome and comfortable. She was a great host throughout, giving us recommendations and making sure we were well...”"\n  - name: "Slawomir"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great very helpful host,brand new apartment. Good price. Couldn't even ask for more”"\n  - name: "Goran"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Great quiet location, spacious rooms, all facilities you need, ground floor rooms with spacious terrace. Best Wi-Fi signal because router was in my room, but joke aside, great WiFi signal all around the apartments. Owners were very helpful,...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-malo-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Vila Malo 2 is designed with privacy in mind, featuring a separate entrance to enhance the experience of solitude and peace. The interiors are thoughtfully appointed with modern comforts such as air conditioning, complimentary private parking, and high-speed WiFi, catering to the needs of the contemporary traveler.

Guests are treated to a suite of in-room amenities, including a terrace that offers breathtaking pool vistas, a cozy seating area, and a satellite flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathroom boasts a bidet and hair dryer for added convenience. Each unit also features a balcony, providing an outdoor dining area where guests can enjoy meals against the backdrop of city views. Essential items like bed linen and towels are thoughtfully provided in all units.

Families will appreciate the inclusion of a kids' pool, ensuring that younger guests have their share of fun under the sun.

Situated merely 800 meters from the idyllic Paradise Beach and a stone's throw from Lori Beach, Vila Malo 2 offers an unparalleled location for beach enthusiasts. For those looking to explore beyond, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making it a manageable journey for international travelers.

Vila Malo 2 stands as a testament to the perfect blend of location, amenities, and privacy, promising an unforgettable stay for those who choose to visit Ksamil.