---\ntitle: "Vila Genci"\ndescription: "Vila Genci emerges as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both the vibrancy of Ksamil and the tranquility of a beachside haven."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465332993.jpg?k=f984fb702e2dc101abcbf13c8bc93cb25a4ed674589d8c161a4e9b4d07572b8e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-genci\naddress: "Lagjjia 26-Marsi, rruga Ibrahim Rugova, godine private nr. 4, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76449359\n  lng: 20.00196447\nprice: "US$39"\npriceFrom: 39\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 121\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 8.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465332993.jpg?k=f984fb702e2dc101abcbf13c8bc93cb25a4ed674589d8c161a4e9b4d07572b8e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333020.jpg?k=ebff668eb8939ae42f41648e8020b02b7f7027cd70c8ff8a88cf33d6aa68aece&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465332982.jpg?k=957214cec5adcd2b233b0cf4c1c37c14a532a60262adfe9cedcc19101f4b6f3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333150.jpg?k=5a00afebbb2cd593d6a0b3ccc2ca484a932d244b9b4fd5a2eb8bc038ef48f78c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333149.jpg?k=4b3767fd91c453c504e5a1ac38cb4ef262179e1f0766429d096be87b73f152c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333128.jpg?k=2e86a49e4c0024469364be407b1d911ce02cb112859c982603cf10d89a678b2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333224.jpg?k=978e3dc29c652a7b50f7bd423602e42ab887c6767d1828adee79f8d4836db29f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333229.jpg?k=1a2d986c78695baf80aeb3e7f319d178ab610cab1c1bcf398cae116b2aa635ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465333222.jpg?k=78b73b5bfc7e8cfbd4b0ba680fd905f6644953184a7614405a585921a9cc0074&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Studio"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 50 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 450 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 650 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.9 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Roel"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The rooms where pefect. The host was also very friendly. Free parking on the premises.”"\n  - name: "Adelina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Very nice and comfortable villa. Very nice garden, very clean, spacious rooms and nice balconies. The owners were very friendly and gave us good recommendations.”"\n  - name: "Marta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very clean place, the washing machine was really useful. Good quality according to the price.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthousegenci.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Genci are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is a sanctuary of calm, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, alongside the convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi connectivity. The highlight of each unit is undoubtedly the balcony, where guests can soak in breathtaking sea views, a rare find in the heart of Ksamil. The interiors are equally impressive, with a cable flat-screen TV, a cozy dining area, a fully equipped kitchen, and a private bathroom complete with a shower, a hairdryer, and complimentary toiletries. Adding to the charm, a patio with an outdoor dining setup allows guests to dine al fresco while admiring the mountainous landscape.

Beyond the comfort of their rooms, guests at Vila Genci are invited to explore a range of activities. Cycling enthusiasts will find the surrounding area ripe for adventure. For those traveling with children, an indoor play area ensures entertainment for the younger guests. The sun terrace, a peaceful spot for relaxation, offers an ideal setting to unwind after a day of exploration.

The aparthotel's proximity to notable attractions adds to its appeal. Lori Beach is easily accessible, located less than 1 kilometer away, offering another spot for sun and sea lovers. For a touch of culture and history, Butrint National Park is a mere 2.6 kilometers away, promising a fascinating excursion. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 92 kilometers from the haven of Vila Genci.

In essence, Vila Genci stands as a testament to the perfect balance of leisure and exploration, offering a memorable stay for those venturing to the enchanting shores of Ksamil.