---\ntitle: "Vila Topalli"\ndescription: "Vila Topalli stands as a serene retreat in Pogradec, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and scenic beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512617726.jpg?k=06eb0512cc299dbf182388c04194e7d4caafe8dbf9ea925733911751564ab0f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-topalli\naddress: "Gojaku Verdove, 7301 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.88846695\n  lng: 20.658777\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/512617726.jpg?k=06eb0512cc299dbf182388c04194e7d4caafe8dbf9ea925733911751564ab0f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463623020.jpg?k=6c1bfef90474470eb1d59f3fd2f8d0c4aebc626af6c358ae9161ffd71188960e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463623014.jpg?k=abc1bc8b295d467e0c814c7eb1d26605d10b3c1b70e50766cac0bb7ee02d7da0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463623237.jpg?k=7d49a5a24de6955d94f07465242d495d72be8476aba423b922cb4ea60b62abf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463623284.jpg?k=c6df9fc238912091b3a5a3918e1791f9c3dc65110d64959f3475fe7c371adbc4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463623169.jpg?k=00d0643a9da9525ea5b5a596ed86a1a7969ec96b28882f1fb269ac706cb69d59&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Agjensia 1.3 km"\n  - "Bossi 1.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 1.4 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 15 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 31 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 71 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 97 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jasper"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The host was amazing! She helped us with everything and made everyday a delicious breakfast!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/natasha-topalli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Topalli are thoughtfully designed with both families and individual travelers in mind, featuring rooms equipped with private bathrooms and complimentary WiFi. Select units boast balconies, providing an ideal setting for guests to unwind while soaking in the breathtaking mountain and lake views that define the area.

Guests of Vila Topalli are treated to the convenience of free private parking, making explorations of the surrounding attractions hassle-free. For those evenings when the allure of local dining does not beckon, the option to prepare a meal in the privacy of your own kitchen adds a touch of home-away-from-home comfort.

Situated 40 km from both Port Ohrid and the iconic Church of St. John at Kaneo, Vila Topalli serves as a perfect base for those looking to delve into the rich tapestry of the region's history and natural beauty. The nearest airport, Ohrid Airport, is 46 km away, ensuring that arrivals and departures are as smooth as the tranquil waters of the nearby lake.

Vila Topalli emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of adventure in the picturesque setting of Pogradec.