---\ntitle: "Vila Hyseni"\ndescription: "Vila Hyseni emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, offering guests a tranquil garden and views of a quiet street, a mere stone's throw from the bustling Durres Beach, just 100 meters away."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469315666.jpg?k=412af4b308a76f0df6d8b94ef78bc530a0395c7870fe5fde5aec4223d023867c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-hyseni\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3006729\n  lng: 19.49788514\nprice: "US$45"\npriceFrom: 45\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469315666.jpg?k=412af4b308a76f0df6d8b94ef78bc530a0395c7870fe5fde5aec4223d023867c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469919820.jpg?k=4286eb6067bc31363bc7e762f5f32473b0e7d729fbd96794ed315ab836ec750d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469315781.jpg?k=384f940f091fc3715f7546218751ef30907aca1040fb4ed83668abd46bafcc3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469920051.jpg?k=9257fd3327e392314148ec6b0037dd32d34e7f56d2ae9b2c8a1dfa5815767a35&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469315776.jpg?k=d1123781b8c2547a0e4f3fcda092e4add74eafac1502a056553a5b55c96023d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469919598.jpg?k=8342d87e348b029472408197f71584d562842a34f5e773da1b4b8fae24d56f6f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "RRESHKA 150 m"\n  - "Pista e Vogel Iliria 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 150 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.5 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.6 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very kind and helpful host. Basic rooms with bathroom, fridge and air conditioning.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/ilir-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Hyseni are treated to accommodations that boast not only garden and inner courtyard views but also a range of amenities designed for comfort and convenience. Select rooms feature private entrances, ensuring a sense of exclusivity and privacy. Each is thoughtfully equipped with a desk and wardrobe, catering to both leisure and business travelers. For those seeking a touch of luxury, options include terraces and seating areas complemented by flat-screen TVs, along with the essential air conditioning and heating for year-round comfort. Notably, the guest house offers allergy-free and soundproof units, underscoring its commitment to guest satisfaction.

The presence of an on-site bar adds a layer of convenience, allowing guests to unwind with a drink without having to venture far. For those inclined to explore, the Rock of Kavaje is a mere 3.8 km away, while the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is accessible at 40 km, offering a glimpse into the country's intriguing past.

Situated 34 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Vila Hyseni stands out as a compelling choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of local flavor. Its proximity to Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach, just 2.5 km away, further cements its status as a prime location for those looking to experience the best of Durrës.