---\ntitle: "Vila Marjana"\ndescription: "Vila Marjana stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a short distance from both Saranda City Beach and Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476256989.jpg?k=fe4413a8009b75d1d562ff35ad795215a04ca0c50f3dafa9cd8b236cf1174134&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-marjana\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86931998\n  lng: 20.02820466\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 101\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.9\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.9\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476256989.jpg?k=fe4413a8009b75d1d562ff35ad795215a04ca0c50f3dafa9cd8b236cf1174134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375852469.jpg?k=74495883002b830e23d77a5c2598bd79a82005f52bd31848c89923b93797e28d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375851579.jpg?k=afaad5a59f80d3c7c4a98a7db9f9b991bebcaa47c365fee9b6dcfa7cff01c553&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476542867.jpg?k=031756d23ecdbbbb5c97f563970aa7864a52c30c9a59e881a870864553aef33e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375852466.jpg?k=1b1106ae8db1a8b63c7c22f80983a1f0c01a33fb99515bc58978ca52d477e083&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476257541.jpg?k=75ac619fcf87cd66fda7cb5a3a8ec5632afae5bec227b8de8e085bcbabc5de8f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtepia E Totes 150 m"\n  - "Lekuresi Castle 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.2 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Andrada"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The place is being run by a nice family and they are very helpful and welcoming. The breakfast is delicious! The rooms were spacious and very clean! Everything was great, I totally recommend this accommodation!”"\n  - name: "Giovana"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“I don’t think I have ever stayed in a hotel owned by such nice people!! The entire family is really sweet and caring. Rooms are suuuper new, cozy and comfortable. And wow… the room view is breathtaking. They also serve an amazing breakfast cooked...”"\n  - name: "Giuseppe"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Lukas and his family are truly amazing people. We felt at home, the accommodation was gorgeous and the location was great for Saranda, top breakfast. If one day we return to Albania, we will definitely return to them.
Thanks for everything”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-mariana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Marjana are treated to accommodations that blend functionality with comfort. Each apartment is air-conditioned and comes equipped with a flat-screen TV featuring streaming services, ensuring entertainment is always at hand. The convenience of a fridge and coffee machine in each unit adds a touch of home, while the inclusion of a bidet, hair dryer, and desk speaks to the thoughtful touches provided. For those seeking a view, select units boast balconies that offer serene mountain vistas, creating a perfect backdrop for relaxation. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with each unit featuring a private bathroom and ample wardrobe space, complemented by the provision of bed linen and towels.

The start of each day at Vila Marjana is marked by a continental breakfast offering a variety of choices, from fresh pastries and pancakes to fruits, catering to diverse tastes and preferences. The on-site bar presents an inviting space for guests to unwind after a day of exploration.

Beyond the comforts of their apartments, guests have the opportunity to engage with the surrounding area through sightseeing tours available nearby. The option to relax in the garden offers a peaceful retreat from the day's activities.

Located a mere 1.8 km from La Petite Beach and within easy reach of Butrint National Park, 18 km away, Vila Marjana serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty and historical richness of the region. With the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, located 94 km away, the complex remains conveniently accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

With its combination of well-appointed accommodations, desirable location, and attentive services, including 24-hour front desk, full-day security, and currency exchange, Vila Marjana represents a compelling choice for those visiting Sarandë.