---\ntitle: "Vila Ridvani"\ndescription: "Vila Ridvani emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Korçë, a mere stone's throw away from the tranquil Ohrid Lake Springs and the historic Monastery Saint Naum."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287089695.jpg?k=8fa46506598aec8281708fee8fd8d6f1677cefecc017dd12e1471899a104a162&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ridvani\naddress: "Marin Barleti, 7000 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61008018\n  lng: 20.78843415\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 100\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287089695.jpg?k=8fa46506598aec8281708fee8fd8d6f1677cefecc017dd12e1471899a104a162&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/123504050.jpg?k=6b76a32e5144ef73b1bf47c77977b686eeb7aceb922e67c7369ce777c0b15f7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109878548.jpg?k=6bb7f71e29aefaf99f695a9eb84e33d9abaf7098d924ed1de27cf0d6e034ba9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/287089805.jpg?k=8dd2b038b2c74b8b3988ff0ee8a887e780a3f4ecfbd5d5df03b4bf2e952b6522&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/110300396.jpg?k=353208a460a9faada5fda74c729111e3860623e295bb4bce4d5b4066e6cc16af&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109878434.jpg?k=a2bad70e3612307d4bd9d9c75c017f263ab7a1f1fdf48947204b4642fd163b10&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109877907.jpg?k=8593a9b5d4cb9c7f90cebfbab713dcb7ca8a732b6fd7a03b14d10b284b687231&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/109878800.jpg?k=6ebf0fd450b7b12b280a9d5253b3f44584cd329b835de9074b545e9da53475b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/286624631.jpg?k=f74dec13315691da5123bc7c008a671a8d9c7c621d32b8fd55a6e87742ee2152&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (13 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Shtëpia e Birrës 150 m"\n  - "Double 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 750 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 44 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 95 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giovanni"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Simply wonderful!!! Everything was top and the apartment is a dream. I have enjoyed a lot my stay here. Thank you!!!”"\n  - name: "Neritan"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very nice hosts, good location close to centre. House was big and clean. Nice restaurant nearby. Would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Rachael"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The host was very nice. The place had plenty of room for us. The location was only a 2 minute walk to the Korca Brewery and 18 minute walk to the center. We had a drink with the host one evening and it was a lovely stay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ridvani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted by a dedicated 24-hour front desk, bolstered by round-the-clock security and a convenient currency exchange service, ensuring a seamless and secure stay. The villa itself, a haven of tranquility, presents a harmonious blend of elegance and comfort. With two bedrooms, a spacious living room, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances including an oven and a fridge, guests are guaranteed a home-away-from-home experience. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, air conditioning, soundproofing, and a cozy fireplace further elevates the living experience, catering to the needs of even the most discerning traveler. Moreover, the property prides itself on being allergy-free and strictly non-smoking, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

The outdoor terrace and mountain views offer a picturesque backdrop for relaxation or contemplation, while the villa's picnic area invites guests to enjoy leisurely days under the open sky. 

Situated 72 km from Kastoria National Airport, Vila Ridvani represents an ideal choice for those seeking a peaceful escape in the enchanting surroundings of Korçë, promising an unforgettable stay with every visit.