---\ntitle: "Vila Hadhri Borsh"\ndescription: "Vila Hadhri Borsh emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape, mere steps away from the pristine sands of Borsh Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492799223.jpg?k=a6ae3796a78d5aeba60b8308002f261423e7b1d408e274ac09ad3b9cb191166f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-hadhri-borsh\naddress: "Rruga Plazhit, 1000 Borsh, Albania"\ncity: "Borsh"\nlocation: "Borsh"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.04249159\n  lng: 19.85903504\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492799223.jpg?k=a6ae3796a78d5aeba60b8308002f261423e7b1d408e274ac09ad3b9cb191166f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/186532572.jpg?k=5eef2623a9a1f5059f5d4a6528a0732193521bb848127501dc99a52d1a935633&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239335016.jpg?k=e67099e0d7e4e135e95c1e03d281b09f67cf24d228c5d43f012f53e27650d62f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239335122.jpg?k=6aab8d5e4d81d485170e7a2781904495f88f7b8ca04ad939ce974ddd3ac8bdb0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/186389042.jpg?k=f09941c04998159d0df8e4245e76822240905c9024f4cddb64f497f758d3fb8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/186388976.jpg?k=93e29173c11b6d9ee85bb91f3e4ba13a67573bb44d8d561f482f16b4956898b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/186392918.jpg?k=5940d6ec40808afe06f96ac8d778f0dd3b779b408a74c849381d5fb5eb5882f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239335116.jpg?k=5c1f47bb14e4f557f229ca43548ce98d18fb32e403dae440cd2415f872d5df18&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/239335119.jpg?k=10dcb6bfbe2ddcaccc521665433cb47913054d85fcbca099fed85871c5ecb440&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "MATTEO BORSH 250 m"\n  - "Bagni Italia Borsh 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Borsh Beach 50 m"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Buneci Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 4.9 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 48 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 90 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mauricio"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Pristine clean, perfect location, big balcony with nice views. Nice kitchen and confortable beds. The owner also is also very friendsly.”"\n  - name: "Geraldine"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The lady in charge was very nice and really customer oriented. All the land super beautiful and the room has a good space and very nice terrace.”"\n  - name: "Peyo"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“The apartment was beautiful with an amazing sea view.The balcony was really big.There is everything that you might need in the kitchen equipment. The villa is absolutely gorgeous.The staff lady was so lovely and kind with us.She gave us a prezzie...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-hadhri-borsh.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vila Hadhri Borsh are designed with the discerning guest in mind, featuring balconies that present awe-inspiring mountain vistas. Each unit is equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a kitchen that meets every culinary need, and a private bathroom complete with a shower and hairdryer, ensuring a blend of comfort and functionality. The soundproof rooms guarantee a peaceful retreat from the bustling world outside.

Dining at the guest house is an experience in itself, with an outdoor dining area where guests can savor their meals amidst nature. The on-site bar and barbecue facilities provide perfect spots for unwinding and socializing over delicious food and drinks during the warmer months.

Families visiting Vila Hadhri Borsh will find the outdoor play equipment an excellent addition for keeping children entertained, while adults can relax in the shared lounge area, making it an ideal setting for guests of all ages. 

Situated 48 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 125 km from Ioannina Airport, the guest house's location makes it a convenient base for exploring the surrounding area's natural and historical wonders.

With its combination of exceptional amenities, including full-day security, a lift, and currency exchange services, along with its prime location and stunning views, Vila Hadhri Borsh stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for travelers to Borsh Beach.