---\ntitle: "VILA RIRA - Rrajcë, Shebenik"\ndescription: "VILA RIRA - Rrajcë, Shebenik emerges as a serene oasis for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure, situated just 24 km away from the historic Cave Church Archangel Michael."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358653376.jpg?k=d68f3f35c32889ddfbc651829d3e1e64a8a838020af6909b3c05b538d18b5ce4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-rira-rrajc-shebenik\naddress: "Rrajce, Përrenjas, Albania"\ncity: "Përrenjas"\nlocation: "Përrenjas"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.09144483\n  lng: 20.57589017\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358653376.jpg?k=d68f3f35c32889ddfbc651829d3e1e64a8a838020af6909b3c05b538d18b5ce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/354120037.jpg?k=cbbe72092a69705b4f7c3fbd0e31c746beffc52aed93ee6ea66fc804d0f8fc42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335233558.jpg?k=93f23dacecc1517ed055a29b0901ed503cbe49f523a3c47cc6b5301bf1b5cc45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335233461.jpg?k=3a7ab17a382ce863b33e3ff0bfa442010a03ce8b7ac0ab207213fbe6cb4e2b48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/335239151.jpg?k=1ed932ff71f50dc7f8bd7de4f0b770211af8593f62311c1c98f6e0cd7278ac04&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270471847.jpg?k=1791b2d0ba3bebdc2aee28e2cc8e0f3ffa429319829c862ff8af95d46e689355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276042689.jpg?k=175910ff37720fd140b444ad0c019c79f78507feb26befc5ab0cef7ff5fd86e2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276042691.jpg?k=5a2704b490d1c39fb5ecf005d53904592c39792ec86031a8d58691b3323ace3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/270471826.jpg?k=295f583591912e6cd92e2b2f6b4474c3d5578d3d3ad36c68b95bd51543dc32d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276042692.jpg?k=873e5efa0c5843f14efaa557a76fc2631b55b01442b3cdc37fb4f1fbc7f38d87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276042694.jpg?k=8fec1e6398bedd561948bbf2e00ff5dfffc6c5e7a782fe5a66906d213c140258&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/276042697.jpg?k=347ae283f3507d3de83c2fa0a77feb08beb06b8e624f013a238c06f697846e9b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Shower"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Shower"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Grisheda 2.4 km"\n  - "Istanbul 2.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 4.8 km"\n  - "Nature Museum 13 km"\n  - "Mountain Lodge Jankos Stone 16 km"\n  - "Samoil's Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Ancient Theatre of Ohrid 19 km"\n  - "Upper Gate 19 km"\n  - "Icons Gallery 19 km"\n  - "Museum Robev House 19 km"\n  - "National Workshop for Handmade Paper 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 16 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 92 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Beafox"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I was looking for something off the beaten tracks, quiet and close to albanian life and people. I found it here. It`s an amazing and restful place. The food is fantastic with local products. The room is spacious and the beds are so comfy, you have...”"\n  - name: "Michela"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Aida was really polite. The villa is really nice in the middle of nature. The room is spacious and clean, the bathroom too. We had a great dinner there (extra) that I suggest to try. We also enjoyed the delicious breakfast with home made bread and...”"\n  - name: "Caroline"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“If you want to feel the love for Albania, you have to go to Vila Rira. Aïda and her husband Ajet are most welcoming and want to share their knowledge about the environment. Even before and after our stay they gave us suggestions about where to go...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-rira-rrajce-shebenik.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nFor those arriving from afar or planning to explore the surrounding beauty, VILA RIRA simplifies travel logistics with efficient airport transfer services and the convenience of an on-site car rental service. The accommodations are thoughtfully designed to cater to diverse preferences, featuring select units with balconies, cable flat-screen TVs, and cozy seating areas. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with each unit housing a private bathroom equipped with slippers and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a stay that combines the essence of home with the luxury of a guest house.

Culinary experiences at VILA RIRA are a reflection of the locale's rich heritage, with the family-friendly restaurant offering an array of local cuisine for lunch and dinner. The inviting atmosphere and delicious offerings make dining a delightful experience for guests.

Adventure and relaxation find a harmonious balance at VILA RIRA. Guests are encouraged to engage in fishing excursions nearby or simply unwind in the lush garden, making every moment memorable. The property's strategic location also places it within convenient proximity to notable landmarks, including the Early Christian Basilica and Port Ohrid, located 37 km and 38 km away, respectively. Ohrid Airport, the nearest airport, is a mere 28 km from the guest house, making VILA RIRA an accessible retreat for both international and domestic travelers.

In essence, VILA RIRA - Rrajcë, Shebenik stands out as a premier destination for those in pursuit of tranquility, natural beauty, and authentic local experiences, promising an unforgettable stay.