---\ntitle: "Vila Shard Boutique Hotel"\ndescription: "Vila Shard Boutique Hotel emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159611017.jpg?k=03db9fffa5482c767ebcd9be858f22a5607fcf143c72ca23e3f30f53472e10ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-shard-boutique-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Reshit Çollaku 31, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32509107\n  lng: 19.81635599\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 504\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/159611017.jpg?k=03db9fffa5482c767ebcd9be858f22a5607fcf143c72ca23e3f30f53472e10ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413304702.jpg?k=0044a1ae73984f4c3abdfe9bdb66a4bac5eadc1bf0f91b6f99f479e6ebb21ac8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413304646.jpg?k=c878f8e2d5a253be39018abb0881feae1c7f15acb73f1f9eebaab09eefdda2f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/411090214.jpg?k=b55f9bcc4282493c386da10e2a7eb6d808bd9763bc2be58cff0c29d59915da7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413304705.jpg?k=f72760be41738205258b3b5c3eca9ab59fc508d317bb20b99144267e25eceeb7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/413304744.jpg?k=4e91e02cecd7361528bb370882872a606aaecbbdbafebc9f3e2e9261e1779687&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525265729.jpg?k=a6f2303fff222ae2c4dc9c1a06fbc8fb2f3ce2815b7da7916ba5fca22ba55d72&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525266043.jpg?k=1a9bce148665f6e425b4b3b0108531482f6949d07bf52da0717ce0542268b571&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525265981.jpg?k=0d5eefde45cefc64fdba90052049d90f9995b35f8ef0f7c793610ce50bb4918c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Shard 40 m"\n  - "Baste Live 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 150 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 350 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 400 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 450 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 450 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nick"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“I liked the room and the location is very convenient as it is within walking distance to the main spots of the city center. I will be back and choose the same place :)”"\n  - name: "Amadeus"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Location is great, too close to any landmark. Hostess was kind and helpful.”"\n  - name: "Esrabzkrt"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Great location. You can walk everywhere from the hotel. Nensi is not like a host but like a friend in Albania. She is very helpful and kind. The room London has everything you need from a private kitchen to a smart Tv if you are interested.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-shard.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis bed and breakfast distinguishes itself by offering complimentary WiFi and on-site parking, ensuring guests enjoy a hassle-free stay. The private entrance to the establishment adds an exclusive touch, making every arrival special.

Accommodations at Vila Shard are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit is well-appointed with modern amenities including a kettle, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a restful and rejuvenating stay. The private bathrooms are equipped with a bidet and bathrobes, adding a touch of luxury to the experience. Select rooms also feature a seating area, providing extra space for relaxation.

For those eager to explore, the hotel is conveniently located near several of Tirana's attractions, such as Rinia Park, the Clock Tower, and the Et'hem Bey Mosque, inviting guests to immerse themselves in the local culture. With the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport just 15 km away, Vila Shard Boutique Hotel stands as an accessible retreat for both international and domestic travelers, promising an unforgettable stay in Albania's vibrant capital.