---\ntitle: "Vila Taku"\ndescription: "Vila Taku emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Ksamil, offering a blend of comfort and convenience with its garden views and well-appointed accommodations."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340583176.jpg?k=e092f670de23e67af18fdbf3235026d56a3e49e18e1fd1860d0020ae0e1f79f8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-taku\naddress: "Rruga Butrinti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76980273\n  lng: 20.00441123\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 95\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340583176.jpg?k=e092f670de23e67af18fdbf3235026d56a3e49e18e1fd1860d0020ae0e1f79f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340583513.jpg?k=b15c668ee884499ea9154038634b0f68e0b928feac5a07f011f032530f756932&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582951.jpg?k=2dda51f761e269f295ee53eb49bcf560a10d16356062d0085ba0723297881b62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340583144.jpg?k=6b7b19cf44dc9210b80fadd5d9c3dcde47627b1ba92fd6a1a2e8644c3726caf3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340584003.jpg?k=db06a9f44b3d3d2d52c7553237487eb99fb58f665fed332af2efb7ae328d905c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582653.jpg?k=4574d2474247b8113bea7bcc25f540d1f004be6debd1354938743edb95f7dd17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582659.jpg?k=f0fe9902911d019b7df8cf7f8f373f462c89914b808ce6df18191bd3f1dd070e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340583948.jpg?k=a5c40b1d18a5dc44c4282317029a783d3ba59ac78b80951b89ac79aceb063b2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582660.jpg?k=ceecb0c49cad6524625dd10358061d0d3e623119d98014f1787c3bc1178b9b3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582648.jpg?k=07037792790d6e20964e44d1c8e8816a07935bf95f9364213b31789c3595f316&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582647.jpg?k=242baa330ed609b71ece734405657168306baac6c20990e74e53fad02c5bbf00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340582954.jpg?k=e78ecd830f4ec648a1f1c57aad90117cec53d6e424d623c5544b0fdf35f3c1c4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Basic free WiFi (11 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fish Shop Butrint 50 m"\n  - "Kancelari Mondi 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 300 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Arnel"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Everything is great, clean room, beaches are close, staff is very kind. If you choose vila Taku, you won't regret it.”"\n  - name: "Mally"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent location, room immaculately clean, lovely hosts, very friendly.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful experience with this apartment. The property was clean, comfortable and conveniently located near to the city center. A beautiful terrace with a view of the garden, a safe place for parking and in all I highly recommend this...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-taku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Vila Taku are greeted with the luxury of a private entrance, ensuring a seamless and personalized experience from the moment of arrival. The apartments are designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs, featuring air conditioning for those warm summer days, complimentary private parking, and free WiFi to stay connected.

The living spaces are thoughtfully arranged, boasting balconies that offer breathtaking mountain views, creating an ideal backdrop for relaxation. Comfort is prioritized with cozy seating areas and cable flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with a fridge and kitchenware, allow guests the freedom to prepare their meals, adding a touch of home. Private bathrooms with bidets and complimentary toiletries, along with a dedicated dressing room equipped with ample storage space, enhance the convenience factor.

For those planning to explore the local sights, Vila Taku's proximity to Ksamil Beach 7, just 700 meters away, and the historic Butrint National Park, 2.8 km distant, makes it an excellent base. Furthermore, the property is located 93 km from Corfu International Airport, facilitating easy access for international travelers.

Each apartment at Vila Taku is meticulously prepared with bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and worry-free stay. This establishment promises an inviting retreat for those looking to enjoy the natural beauty and tranquility of Ksamil, making it a highly recommended option for discerning guests.