---\ntitle: "Vila Osmani"\ndescription: "Vila Osmani stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway close to some of Ksamil's most beautiful beaches."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485148395.jpg?k=568a210aa8b17e69499cd611bc2de99c7780d214dbfb3aaf8dbb4165369cf69a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-osmani\naddress: "Rruga Freskia, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76345547\n  lng: 19.99751527\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485148395.jpg?k=568a210aa8b17e69499cd611bc2de99c7780d214dbfb3aaf8dbb4165369cf69a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485155012.jpg?k=272ba106e771495ca71e43e70beb153d019ac54463e9d2a24f6ef64e89fb2ed5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485156357.jpg?k=35d4df333e27caa7a07be199961f7220bf728f2114487deeb28109a1a7abfec9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485154127.jpg?k=b550a44c536bdef921402012468de34e2eef56280d154cd8b2ba7a5e7252a4ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485152170.jpg?k=6df6c3c3547ba8cba1ec1c64fd216ae714fcfe24f5b40de48b49419232aa28f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485155308.jpg?k=84cebad517124025a952a24e78ee4dd230dd9f53ba75449bd7f180f4f178650e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485156310.jpg?k=3b5c7bae64d3498cabf5c1a73f63619902499799ba557f6cd922539f3876e73a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367788404.jpg?k=e9eb9b1a2ddca8c7d1c1805211d6a0d48658a57473160d71661df343ad0f5cc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485156452.jpg?k=54f1e4404c0aa820081404a49d2a00652e4f299b07c52133b9cacf7c06ad56fd&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Plazhi Paradise 250 m"\n  - "Olive Tarraca 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 250 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 600 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Miriam"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“The villa was great! Perfect for a family.
Big space, and outside enough space to park 2 cars.
The owner was very involved and even helped us with a baby bed.
Also I want to mention that the owner and his family were very helpful when we needed...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-osmani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a testament to modern comfort and elegance, boasting a spacious layout that includes two bedrooms, a cozy living room, and a balcony that offers breathtaking sea views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dishwasher and an oven, ensures that guests have everything they need to feel at home. Additionally, the villa features two well-appointed bathrooms, each providing a bath, a washing machine, slippers, and a hair dryer, catering to all the essentials for a comfortable stay.

Guests of Vila Osmani are treated to the luxury of complimentary WiFi and private parking, adding an extra layer of convenience to their stay. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the villa's appeal, ensuring a clean and healthy atmosphere for all guests.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Bora Bora Beach is just 1.5 km away, offering another splendid option for sun and sand. Moreover, the historical allure of Butrint National Park is only 3.3 km from the villa, presenting an opportunity for guests to immerse themselves in the rich cultural heritage of the area. With Corfu International Airport 92 km away, Vila Osmani serves as an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Vila Osmani presents an idyllic setting for those in pursuit of a peaceful beach vacation, combined with the comforts of modern living and the convenience of being close to both natural and cultural attractions.