---\ntitle: "Vila Ferdinand Modern Rooms In Tirana's Center"\ndescription: "Vila Ferdinand Modern Rooms In Tirana's Center emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437965989.jpg?k=a86aa14b8ba687ba88a7bd52c48c1f3de560eb424c6be093a2a203d13d9eadb1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-ferdinand-modern-rooms-in-tirana-s-center\naddress: "Rruga Donika Kastrioti, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32173279\n  lng: 19.81893822\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 220\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437965989.jpg?k=a86aa14b8ba687ba88a7bd52c48c1f3de560eb424c6be093a2a203d13d9eadb1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437967507.jpg?k=33e60ec491f7228a45125fad593c5dd9c207451942dd99bd39a68ccba29a090e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437966410.jpg?k=2b9a323124b15a3c296814d8dc4f026737aebb29917047f223a17a000c68baee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437968688.jpg?k=c0e45dbb45cf7e98ff10fbcfdf0757dff31b92aaabd3e4878e3822c8bfb2ad36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437972029.jpg?k=f01985023df6947cfaee906e2106b485f581826332af4e54aab89651fb99249b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364852397.jpg?k=e16f87e93778559720a72aaba980931ca4823536effa29e220a943b168916b8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364852561.jpg?k=05683201dd22e08a662659718e6c786a51f60dc9c9a418682914fc340bc667c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/438885028.jpg?k=c71806c2a849189176a32021eaf1278fd467a17b8542078a4f268d361f04fc2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364853321.jpg?k=29fc4b36ca9e1fb5ef0a67b41d00a99c68c269f64b6026d732211bc187d9e1aa&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gusto di Jon 50 m"\n  - "Caramel 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 300 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 600 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Omokiki"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Located close to the city center, a walking distance to most iconic places a tourist would like to visit in Tirana”"\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Huge beautiful rooms, perfectly located in the city center. The terrace was a dream. All important sight seeing points, as well as public transport to the airport are not more than a 10 minutes walk away! Also the restaurant serves amazing food...”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The room was fantastic, huge beds with comfortable mattresses and pillows! Had all the equipment you needed (fridge, hair dryer, etc) and the shower was amazing as well (good water pressure and pretty overall).
Staff was very amicable and ready...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-ferdinand-private-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe establishment prides itself on offering well-appointed, air-conditioned accommodations that cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room is equipped with essential amenities such as a desk, coffee machine, fridge, safety deposit box, flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a shower. The commitment to guest comfort is evident in the provision of free WiFi throughout the property, with select rooms also boasting a balcony for those who appreciate outdoor relaxation. The inclusion of bed linen and towels in all rooms underscores the hotel's attention to detail and dedication to providing a hassle-free stay.

Dining at Vila Ferdinand is an experience in itself, with a restaurant that serves a variety of American and Italian dishes, complemented by the option to unwind with a cocktail at the bar. This culinary offering ensures that guests have access to delightful dining options without needing to venture far.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture, the hotel's location offers easy access to notable sites such as Skanderbeg Square, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument. Additionally, the convenience of being just 17 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Vila Ferdinand Modern Rooms In Tirana's Center an attractive option for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Vila Ferdinand Modern Rooms In Tirana's Center stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for visitors to Tirana, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion.