---\ntitle: "Vila Strugu"\ndescription: "Vila Strugu emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking comfortable accommodation in Voskopojë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396552.jpg?k=1ff95e66fca298e028ff66023504e3239b6d61da65e2b849da02be38d1e38b1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-strugu\naddress: "Rruga e Vjeter e Karvaneve, 7029 Voskopojë, Albania"\ncity: "Voskopojë"\nlocation: "Voskopojë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.634203\n  lng: 20.584401\nprice: "US$75"\npriceFrom: 75\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396552.jpg?k=1ff95e66fca298e028ff66023504e3239b6d61da65e2b849da02be38d1e38b1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396408.jpg?k=fe623895392f529c1b4d2a7a211d583b1ad91aff449bd2e434e74782154a63b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396449.jpg?k=d6b34090318f537b33aec8554e9639ec20fcf60533afdbeed917a4180737dfe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396477.jpg?k=8707f6e754ad6e1c4f380c535a08187f7c031da2884fdcbe9bb7cd692167f065&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396439.jpg?k=38cf0dc6258b1374737b38074b41c8a4add185fa35f825da6004223206c2d3b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/421396397.jpg?k=c96efb4b170e213f707131aaf6376f24dfec665a532a4e7977502b1f89f6d337&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Vila Falo 400 m"\n  - "Restorant \Ambassador\\" 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 16 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 16 km"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 17 km"\n  - "Field of Tears 17 km"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 17 km"\n  - "Parku Rinia 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 60 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 61 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stephan"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The breakfast was outstanding and homemade. The owners don't speak English but their daughter and cousin were there to help. They were all very friendly. It is located in a quiet town with beautiful hiking opportunities. Couple of restaurants on...”"\n  - name: "Taulant"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“la villa era nuova, praticamente da un anno aperta. era pensato tutto nei minimi dei dettagli. le stanze erano molto spaziose e molto moderne. l'ambiente era molto caldo e molto pulito. appena scendevi avevi tutto quello che ti serviva per passare...”"\n  - name: "Mihai"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The sheep cheese is something to die for! This place truly stands for the famous Albanian hospitality and its high standards of comfort. The breakfast is top, the location is quiet, and the pillows are fantastic. As if this wasn't good enough, our...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-strugu.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nRooms at Vila Strugu are thoughtfully equipped to ensure a restful stay. Guests will find air-conditioned spaces complete with modern amenities such as a desk for those needing to stay connected, a kettle and minibar for in-room refreshments, a safety deposit box for valuables, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The inclusion of a private balcony and an en-suite bathroom, featuring a bidet, adds a touch of privacy and convenience. Additionally, ample storage is provided with the availability of a wardrobe in every guest room.

The hotel prides itself on exceptional service, with a multilingual staff proficient in Greek, English, and Italian, available 24/7 at the reception to assist with any inquiries or needs. 

Located 90 km from Kastoria National Airport, Vila Strugu offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and attentive service, making it an attractive option for those visiting Voskopojë.