---\ntitle: "Vila Sonnet"\ndescription: "Vila Sonnet emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Korçë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338263013.jpg?k=2788a251316fc911abdde90744a996c9fbb26b47a41608779d2e384f5a9e7b44&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vila-sonnet\naddress: "12 Rruga Kristo Grabocka, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.618305\n  lng: 20.780153\nprice: "US$61"\npriceFrom: 61\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 131\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338263013.jpg?k=2788a251316fc911abdde90744a996c9fbb26b47a41608779d2e384f5a9e7b44&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423643737.jpg?k=c2690515ce8c24c253eb232e0f809d7d7a2d513a5258f8cfcd0aea9a0dfdf719&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410843422.jpg?k=072d6b8172f7a6eea484c06f94bfe220490cafcd1e2353b023c097a73bf820c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410843404.jpg?k=1943b07ef806e3dcde2994b0c703bba05468b6701892cac2c841fd695a84b596&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342695116.jpg?k=4c58120b186d1facb818f5d687370a5579dac14e0d8caf0cdec4701c18d2c93c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342695060.jpg?k=84160d514cb29594a0c358c4fe03cd957609fc56ecf311dea1f206f3e8ca5463&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342695109.jpg?k=2453cf45d00a156c8045a6fa5b53e25bf207a260745e3b26083a93dfdbe3963d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342695099.jpg?k=4beee7064c3778f2711978790c562e16984a6da4e49cd2296b945656f6d12595&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/342695080.jpg?k=72d782ad9860106d8432bc21547179fb53e3489a31dc826d8266b79520e76757&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room (2 Adults + 1 Child)"\n  - "Twin Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pishina Blue Eye 50 m"\n  - "Piccolino Fast Food & Pizza 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 150 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klodian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, room were clean and comfort, staff very helpful, breakfast very nice.”"\n  - name: "Wolfgang"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Friendly and helpful staff. Very nicely restored historic house in a quiet location within walking distance of central boulevards etc, very tasty breakfast served in style in the historic basement, free parking in a private yard behind the hotel....”"\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The place is wonderful, cozy, beautiful! The staff very nice, very well located and a wonderful breakfast. I can't stress enough how wonderful the all experience was.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-sonnet.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on offering impeccable services, including room service and a 24-hour front desk, ensuring guests' needs are met around the clock. The convenience of free WiFi throughout the premises allows for seamless connectivity, catering to both leisure and business travelers.

Accommodations at Vila Sonnet are thoughtfully appointed, ensuring a restful night's sleep. Each room is equipped with a private bathroom, featuring a shower and hairdryer, ensuring guests can refresh and rejuvenate with ease. The modern comforts of a flat-screen TV and air conditioning are standard, while select rooms boast the added luxury of a balcony, offering a private outdoor space to unwind. Practical amenities such as a wardrobe and kettle further enhance the guest experience, making Vila Sonnet a compelling choice for those visiting Korçë.

For those looking to explore beyond the hotel, the Monastery Saint Naum is also located 43 km away, presenting an opportunity for cultural exploration. With Kastoria National Airport 71 km away, Vila Sonnet serves as a convenient gateway for international and domestic travelers alike.