---\ntitle: "Villa Arda"\ndescription: "Villa Arda emerges as a serene oasis in Qerret, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its close proximity to Qerret Beach and just a leisurely 14-minute stroll from Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004196.jpg?k=f90dad62f35832d95f9ab663b60457d7b70480213aa0a62949b510511a826940&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-arda\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia e Kosoves, 2017 Qerret, Albania"\ncity: "Qerret"\nlocation: "Qerret"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.22429365\n  lng: 19.51925553\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004196.jpg?k=f90dad62f35832d95f9ab663b60457d7b70480213aa0a62949b510511a826940&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004143.jpg?k=037193c70818170a8b3abe50ba365b57923e0f0f8c5e508bfeb457cd8e5799c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004216.jpg?k=1544995c2147ac173db72ab24ae902cd028b1d53f559115635540b9573b467b5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004124.jpg?k=a954c172cc7c3dabefb55a21ae43901d308fa64c248a23eea82cb86dbc67c597&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004230.jpg?k=1e554a9eb4e3e56fb934b2b31c7f1bc4fc178cc6b62af18a73c95193cb0fe656&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004111.jpg?k=6879c1f9e8be191e54f864fb67d424f02057d0c3b9306e732155720985050423&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004186.jpg?k=fdd192ced9e5647ea9bcb78f10b0bfc2e78797269ad6bbaa242441a73e0c295a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004139.jpg?k=c8e17920790f4d1de47bc43d7535744957661c20fc90902f37f895829de6bf27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466004205.jpg?k=d7927e5e79d3b046df64b250ac96705236f96f744262b6f1c2a30338d2e5ad08&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baca 300 m"\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 950 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 700 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 850 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nicu"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“It is a family business with humble and hardworking people. The location was in the vicinity of the beach. They serve homemade dishes. The rooms were clean and very well prepared, that said we had everything we needed. The cabins were big and...”"\n  - name: "Claudio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“New wooden bungalow equipped with all comforts. Gardener in front of the cottage ideal for children. Convenient private parking and excellent restaurant in the property.”"\n  - name: "Balsam"\n    country: "Saudi Arabia"\n    text: "“The cottage was lovely, very clean and tidy, the staff were helpful, we asked for cups of Arabic coffee and spoons, they were always in the service, lovely relaxing in the place and it is new, also there is a toilet shower 👍🏻”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-arda.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a testament to thoughtful accommodation, featuring an air-conditioned space with a separate bedroom, a living room designed for relaxation, and a bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and complimentary toiletries. Attention to detail is evident in the provision of towels and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. The villa's commitment to privacy and security is underscored by its private entrance and round-the-clock security measures.

Located a mere 2.8 km from the picturesque Golem Beach, Villa Arda also offers easy access to the cultural heartbeat of the region, with Skanderbeg Square located 49 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje just 7.6 km from the doorstep. For those arriving by air, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 43 km away, adds to the seamless experience of staying at Villa Arda. This property not only promises a memorable stay but also delivers a perfect blend of tranquility, security, and accessibility.