---\ntitle: "Villa Mishel Suites - New"\ndescription: "Villa Mishel Suites - New emerges as a premier destination for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and elegance in Berat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527413560.jpg?k=1ab9b3d4e24763ccb6115412512ea01d41b2994d44d982292a7fdbcc3c4c6292&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-mishel-suites-new\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Komnena, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70597834\n  lng: 19.95102805\nprice: "US$40"\npriceFrom: 40\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527413560.jpg?k=1ab9b3d4e24763ccb6115412512ea01d41b2994d44d982292a7fdbcc3c4c6292&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518443666.jpg?k=9e42e7d30bdd735632ec08b5f4e9480dedb5861c811b000e8bb90f8576e9f15b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518443527.jpg?k=93c9b7ad2c1ffbf2f450296793a634adf96e8344e86e8715766c2c2f77eaf673&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518443645.jpg?k=4df26a952ae875671214f9bc8b5c53b91e895f019caf7e82dbb90fb2642ca5c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518443635.jpg?k=ff59abf773f56d495754e8fec609b2d1080490be3fbded95f6d21a2b42ad00b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/518518399.jpg?k=b0d803a6afe54b4e97219a408aa1e82da370e18a15027c1257fcd9c18f6afcae&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Queen Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mangalemi 2 m"\n  - "Solidarity Shop Berat 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Machi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The rooms are nice, clean and spacious as shown in the photo. Finding the hotel was easy with clear instructions. The location is very good for walking around town.”"\n  - name: "Jurgena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Beautiful and modern room, central location, great views”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-mishel-suites.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAdding to the charm of Villa Mishel Suites - New is the option for guests to enjoy their breakfast in the privacy of their room, with a choice between continental and Italian options. The property also boasts a coffee shop and a convenient minimarket, catering to all guests' needs. For those looking to unwind, the shared lounge area and sun terrace offer a tranquil retreat against the backdrop of mountain vistas.

Each unit's balcony, complete with an outdoor dining area, invites guests to soak in the city views, making every moment of the stay memorable. With free WiFi available throughout the property and a 24-hour front desk ensuring round-the-clock assistance, guests are guaranteed a seamless experience.

Located 118 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Villa Mishel Suites - New stands as a testament to refined hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Berat.