---\ntitle: "Villa Klevi"\ndescription: "Villa Klevi emerges as a serene oasis in Sarandë, perfectly positioned just a short distance from the city's prime beaches, with Saranda City Beach 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475809238.jpg?k=23f01f7412c1de9ab71b24759765ce0b77b0e27a10c365146eda16a5e5c1bb15&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-klevi\naddress: "Rruga Adem Sheme Lugu Dardhes, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.88719315\n  lng: 19.99678756\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475809238.jpg?k=23f01f7412c1de9ab71b24759765ce0b77b0e27a10c365146eda16a5e5c1bb15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481010427.jpg?k=c7a32531eb290f2a785090f9a8b8d277a56329f12613f32e8ce25e07a4d2f43c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367129332.jpg?k=ce20f1cd561e756e9e747ad958a0e93bf0e1a1032a1005b39555ddf1070b7c20&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490154757.jpg?k=39a21e046653751a82b05674ddaa0773ed8f05e4aecc4984f80ec46a022e7e00&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490154581.jpg?k=9ebd0b340325cb1ccea3c0aec70ca2181bfd6c348e8f4e3273ca4d4f20d834bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490153135.jpg?k=880c09dd4280da88c0385d1f716a8c1e84a357bff7c618494f2de20b5f365721&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475809237.jpg?k=cf52b3ae74c5c4dba4b45dbd8444f85945276bc6f6517bbe1369c1a68f8b313b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367127561.jpg?k=bc199325193bc475e8b19f4018ee686d16dc2b4dc6213bc2cd8ac09e0ad12c49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367130010.jpg?k=9ba2be8c1860266671bbfc4dc3aa142cb518f031618c4d6ef00223dda1a2da2a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (46 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Coffee House 1.1 km"\n  - "Ali Pasha 1.3 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 4.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 10 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 13 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 73 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nenad"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“We were visiting as a group of four persons. The appartement is very spacious. The hosts are very obliging. One evening we made a BBQ and they have saved our evening bringing us olive oil, fresh cheese, lemons, more beers, raki and spices. this...”"\n  - name: "Vincenzo"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The house Is very good.
Clean and the staff Is adorable.
We stay very good like a home.”"\n  - name: "Nicolle"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“De gastvrijheid was echt fantastisch. Ze waren allebei erg behulpzaam in alle opzichten. Het was een fijne locatie in de stad Saranda. Je ligt rustig in de bergen maar bent toch binnen een halfuur lopen beneden. Wij zijn in de avonden ook veel in...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-klevi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment within Villa Klevi is a testament to comfort and convenience, boasting air-conditioned rooms, complimentary private parking, and free WiFi access. The accommodations are designed to cater to every need, featuring a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views, a cozy seating area for relaxation, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, invites guests to prepare their own meals, while the private bathroom with shower and slippers adds an extra touch of comfort. Additionally, every unit extends an invitation to the outdoors with a patio set against the backdrop of stunning mountain views, complete with outdoor furniture for guests to enjoy.

Beyond the confines of the apartments, Villa Klevi offers communal spaces that enhance the stay. An outdoor fireplace sets the scene for memorable evenings under the stars, while a picnic area provides the perfect setting for alfresco dining amidst the beauty of nature.

Located a mere 3 km from Saranda Bay Beach and within easy reach of Butrint National Park, 18 km away, Villa Klevi serves as an ideal base for exploring the natural wonders of the area. For those traveling further afield, Ioannina Airport is 98 km from the accommodation, making it accessible for international and domestic travelers alike.

Villa Klevi stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and natural beauty in Sarandë.