---\ntitle: "Villa JIOTA"\ndescription: "Villa JIOTA emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358870729.jpg?k=794923ba10e8204819dc9122ef5c137ba46f607322b9cf42baefb35851657f8c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-jiota\naddress: "Rruga Freskia Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76909869\n  lng: 20.00044252\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 139\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358870729.jpg?k=794923ba10e8204819dc9122ef5c137ba46f607322b9cf42baefb35851657f8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357661894.jpg?k=69092de793872b53b0fa51a04c3ca4370d63d483cd93884a2241d021bad5411d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357661930.jpg?k=01f0d0708cd66a50aa1572fc4dc2fa2820d2c6c6f8f2aa8a7472c2fe1f9ae7de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357661882.jpg?k=a17beecb6f72aa507439df0870c3fc2e99503175531254b527326d5b95d2007f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357661874.jpg?k=3b9076f8e6be742ed41d8053356dbbe454360640326d85d6d0988dfa13ce56d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473204501.jpg?k=67fdc6ef521dda235a91053a7e7e7850bcef54ecf6385f86e5bce9ca26d809d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473203764.jpg?k=e9226ca2deb7f9da6100e8e3a90767e3895b1fd058a21fe3157596cca7edd899&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473203672.jpg?k=2e209395d6e197a8c02d15da334f83ac973da9f8e55fe430afacb6ddc63cc6a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473203214.jpg?k=6e1c09271b50c78133f8ea85725ea5f10c8a1fdac5ecf64871e2251bd7b96758&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ftelea Markate Peshku 30 m"\n  - "Fast Food KOKO 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 200 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 400 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Phillipa"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent central location, comfortable beds, great bathroom facilities, lovely apartment and very clean. Apartment had a small kitchenette although we didn’t use it.”"\n  - name: "Jenny"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartments were in a great area with lots of restaurants and beach bars on the doorstep.”"\n  - name: "Yacine"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect ! - A very nice and clean apartment with a beautiful view.
- A very good location.
- Friendly and accommodating hosts.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-jiota-ksamil1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem doesn't just boast an enviable location; it wraps guests in the comfort of air-conditioned family rooms, each opening up to a patio that invites the outdoors in. The promise of free private parking and complimentary WiFi adds to the allure, ensuring a hassle-free stay from start to finish.

Accommodations at Villa JIOTA are designed with the modern traveler in mind. Each unit features a balcony that frames garden or sea views, a cozy seating area for unwinding, and a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette, complete with an oven and fridge, allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish. Private bathrooms, equipped with a bidet and complimentary toiletries, ensure a comfortable and refreshing stay. For added convenience, all units are supplied with bed linen and towels, underscoring the aparthotel's attention to detail.

The property doesn't stop at providing comfortable lodging; it invites guests to enjoy communal amenities such as a barbecue area, perfect for socializing or enjoying a meal under the stars.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Villa JIOTA serves as an ideal base. The aparthotel is a mere 400 meters from the tranquil Ksamil Beach 7 and just a short drive from the historic Butrint National Park, offering a blend of natural beauty and cultural exploration. With Corfu International Airport 93 km away, the journey to this tranquil retreat is a scenic adventure in itself.

Villa JIOTA stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is crafted to enhance the guest experience, making it a top recommendation for those visiting Ksamil.