---\ntitle: "Villa Luisanna Free Parking"\ndescription: "Villa Luisanna Free Parking emerges as a serene oasis in the vibrant city of Vlorë, offering a tranquil retreat just a stone's throw away from the pristine Beach at Government Villas."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453682726.jpg?k=378dd7c50afc7b78cea00cee33c014f04106ff5e23952bb10234df7fe378c090&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-luisanna-free-parking\naddress: "20 Rruga Dhimitër Konomi, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.422589\n  lng: 19.492438\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453682726.jpg?k=378dd7c50afc7b78cea00cee33c014f04106ff5e23952bb10234df7fe378c090&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453681859.jpg?k=98bc7a2b11c8a2e43d6072bff68dd7f9d7635b185622e7a94de0d3eb964d5bcf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453681809.jpg?k=db1459af1bb5bbaf083083f3c10557e4763b048ccc72d8e440d1d6415596c257&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453683205.jpg?k=2362632c15fee4b642f595e0e0efed41072a98616d79b06ec651b29f04f19a80&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453681961.jpg?k=94c627b2d32cb81845e282aa666a071c74e3c07bf04eaee51a5e8433f266fa47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/453681351.jpg?k=a4ee15baa7ad1d9b37ff52a2a25c9dd4ac31ef42274d4eaf1e78f0878038c472&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Balcony and Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe King Suite"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Donatelo 100 m"\n  - "Tiku & Mato 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 550 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 850 m"\n  - "Liro Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 2.3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.5 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 5 km"\n  - "Independence Square 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“I came back again because I was very satisfied with my first stay. It was a fantastic stay with friends. The house was really something special and very spacious. Thank you Villa Luisanna ❤️”"\n  - name: "Ledia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was a great stay, the accommodation was very clean and we had a very good communication. The goddess of the room was really something special. Thank you Villa Luisanna”"\n  - name: "Thoma"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice room with a lot of space! Beautiful see view and very nice balcony. 10/10 stay. I recommend for stay couple or family.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pegasus-blue-stars.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Villa Luisanna are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, featuring essential amenities such as a coffee machine for that perfect morning start, air conditioning for utmost comfort, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment after a day of exploration. The rooms not only promise a restful night's sleep but also offer captivating city views, allowing guests to soak in the essence of Vlorë from the comfort of their private sanctuary.

For those keen on exploring the local culture and history, the hotel's proximity to notable landmarks such as Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, located just under 6 km away, makes it an ideal base. Furthermore, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 155 km from the hotel, facilitating ease of travel for international guests.

Villa Luisanna Free Parking is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the vibrant life and beauty of Vlorë, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in this enchanting part of Albania.