---\ntitle: "Villa Mucho"\ndescription: "Villa Mucho stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, merely 80 meters from the pristine Sarande Main Beach and a short 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68615633.jpg?k=6631a328a2d314f48f7eda00705abadab57c885a33d63d6c77c4e0f18779f6ab&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-mucho\naddress: "mitat hoxha street, 9700 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87019617\n  lng: 19.99885082\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 181\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68615633.jpg?k=6631a328a2d314f48f7eda00705abadab57c885a33d63d6c77c4e0f18779f6ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210459169.jpg?k=d8ca4166300e28c1e0b6ef8889e86cebade406f1d4d6eaa29590a1bc349c3c15&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104191598.jpg?k=4a9dcd49133811a1f8ae0ca880bc32a1cc278e999d9020ae6c42bca78a437049&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/104190873.jpg?k=b3c2f24c578769fcdaf59f36f14c738d88f42e9ade250004e8c1848a13f57ae4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76979415.jpg?k=400526bb0298cb0c6430321f54e5b7e9dfe826829b26c8b45592b533aed8324f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210459181.jpg?k=2533201d8031a01171fafd658183f1e9838d303876ba7681682caaca6daee4a1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206014956.jpg?k=f8cd4fc24459c45d88549699d840d65597488a197f8588a1cd7818cdbca27e85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210459220.jpg?k=59d1605a346d93f26e551739ae63c034945919221301a3347df5ecedcf1c6b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/206014999.jpg?k=d955adce89aaa4685b3691da59be72e819d2e1960508c01eb8b18844ce593ffb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Beach 20 m"\n  - "Shark 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.6 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Allex73"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“Great apartment for that price. It was all clean and good location. Bathroom was clean and new. Owners are nice and polite. We was there only 5 nights and bed sheets was changed on 3th day.
Apartment have sea view partially blocked with buildings...”"\n  - name: "Tonika"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, the staff, polite, profesional, friendly and unobtrusive, location; close to the harbor, center, shops and restaurants, just above a very nice and clean beach, the sea was also very clean there, it was possibile to enter...”"\n  - name: "Adelya"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“I absolutely loved my stay! The room was lovely and cozy, plus the hotel's location just a short 3-minute walk from the beach was great. The owner and their family were warm and welcoming, making the experience even more enjoyable. I recommend...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-vila-mucho-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Mucho are thoughtfully designed with guest convenience in mind. Each unit boasts a fully equipped kitchenette, complete with a dining area, refrigerator, and stovetop, perfect for those who enjoy the flexibility of preparing their own meals. The presence of air conditioning, a safety deposit box, and a flat-screen TV in every room adds an extra layer of comfort and security to the guest experience. For those seeking a bit more luxury, select units feature a terrace adorned with outdoor furniture, providing an ideal setting for enjoying the sea views and soaking in the tranquil atmosphere of Sarandë.

Strategically located, Villa Mucho offers easy access to the serene La Petite Beach, just 2 km away, and the picturesque Maestral Beach, located 2.2 km from the property. For guests traveling from afar, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 98 km away, making Villa Mucho an accessible choice for both local and international travelers seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.