---\ntitle: "Villa Meka"\ndescription: "Villa Meka emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Durrës, positioned conveniently close to the pristine Durres Beach and a mere 2."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435158514.jpg?k=673fa07af55d262cf8eed06619f826affe68e4d6124bfe6b81f54618ba9af409&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-meka\naddress: "Rruga Apulia plazh, 2000 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30044104\n  lng: 19.50227049\nprice: "US$21"\npriceFrom: 21\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 39\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.1\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435158514.jpg?k=673fa07af55d262cf8eed06619f826affe68e4d6124bfe6b81f54618ba9af409&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451697724.jpg?k=ed0f58ec72276ae09ea8a1d8a0945cb8128296bed4a17c0356059c7c3d759a89&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481350733.jpg?k=1656be0d233e234bf2a65c4e03f52561a9f0384ebda0864931ce1c18003d2ed8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433937286.jpg?k=3cf8f6b62158d063a85d0f765fd4c3dc3577b6146e85a1a15165f67876f4065c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451698515.jpg?k=fc5317f0f341d54695ba112535e5267a6bd0f0f050e9f1b2bf6e598c1a3c1ce7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/436748304.jpg?k=e012c93f30bdb25f95b3de22472a74ef271b8cb111fba9fa59120fe7e7f58410&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Good free WiFi (41 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\n  - "Triple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 3 Vellezerit 100 m"\n  - "Brendon 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 400 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.1 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.6 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 5 km"\n  - "1. Maj 5 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stephen"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Enjoyed our short stay.
Would definitely stay again.
Thank you”"\n  - name: "Ellese"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“Excellent value for a great price. easy walking distance to the beach, restaurants and cafes. room was super clean. we didn’t use the kitchen but it looked well equipped”"\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Właściciel jest bardzo pomocnym człowiekiem, pomógł nam umyć auto przed jego zdaniem do wypożyczalni. Zamówił nam również obiad w pobliskiej restauracji ( dania nie było w ofercie lokalu), a on porozmawiał i danie przygotowano specjalnie dla nas.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-meka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Meka are treated to a range of facilities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is well-appointed with essentials such as a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom, not to mention the added convenience of a microwave, fridge, and coffee machine for those leisurely mornings. The presence of free WiFi and complimentary private parking further adds to the appeal, ensuring a hassle-free experience for every visitor.

Catering to a diverse array of needs, Villa Meka doesn’t fall short on dining and leisure options. The on-site coffee shop is perfect for those looking for a quick caffeine fix or a leisurely snack, with packed lunches available for guests planning day trips. Families will particularly appreciate the indoor play area, outdoor play equipment, and baby safety gates, making it a hit for guests with young children.

For those looking to explore the area, Villa Meka offers both bicycle and car rental services, providing an easy way to discover the local sights and sounds. Noteworthy attractions such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, at 40 km and 43 km respectively, promising enriching day outings.

Situated 34 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the guest house also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring smooth transitions to and from the property. Villa Meka represents a blend of convenience, comfort, and accessibility, making it a preferred choice for travelers to Durrës.