---\ntitle: "Villa Zeka Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa Zeka Ksamil emerges as a serene oasis for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305314668.jpg?k=d552398c0b8d96641957f50b56e729709c28eb4a9d47f320165c3200b2f20296&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-zeka-ksamil\naddress: "Ksamil , 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7699566\n  lng: 20.00739768\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 52\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.5\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305314668.jpg?k=d552398c0b8d96641957f50b56e729709c28eb4a9d47f320165c3200b2f20296&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305328109.jpg?k=77186bce6552f75d630176a8e4db2b48ea9452a4458ef895f405a05c4e8f9669&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311092237.jpg?k=ebe829e24fc67f27edf359c269fbb009482d0c8e696f4c955482ba7bd964436d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305328023.jpg?k=ece19d72d66eb3a64e6ef0cb5674d6d825c383c2c4373ecc906e836961a9426b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/281623503.jpg?k=4635bffb6188b6aba104a01a3e6277d7b0c2d699d10bd5691705ad659f16f086&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311092741.jpg?k=f40183efc1a0f0aad5b879568b5b0f24f469aa9113c6e6125111f0b8906948bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305327862.jpg?k=28b39367415f6106d922ae6b7903b93a91e426f5d09d0dd323b2e56863b248fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/281623315.jpg?k=2e67cd1719786a778c85091e8e07e2c41ba11b4dbd87140005de667342032e29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/305328074.jpg?k=ef6d91185d9ac08a0311ed9cef519c211ad771ce828681ab0a9811b4f7ad72a7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (19 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“very good place to spend the holidays, villa Zeka Ksamil was located 5 minutes from the center of Ksamil where there was also a supermarket and approximately 7 minutes from the beach, it is a very quiet neighborhood and close to the center, thank...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“everything was very good, the place was good and very clean.”"\n  - name: "Ana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The room is very comfortable and clean. The owners are very polite and room was cleaned and sheets and towels changed twice in 10 nights stay. We got a room with a view towards the lake. Very large parking space inside the property. I recommend...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartament-zeka.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Zeka Ksamil are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each apartment boasts a thoughtful array of features, including a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. For those desiring a bit more, select units expand the living space to include a cozy seating area and/or a balcony, complete with outdoor furniture to savor the garden views or enjoy a quiet moment under the sun.

The commitment to guest comfort extends beyond the living spaces. The entire complex prides itself on being allergy-free and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful and comfortable environment for all. Additionally, the convenience of free private parking and the availability of free WiFi throughout the property means that guests can stay connected and come and go as they please, without any hassle.

For those looking to explore the local area or engage in outdoor activities, Villa Zeka Ksamil does not disappoint. The availability of bike and car hire services on-site opens up a world of adventure, with cycling and fishing among the popular pursuits in the area. Families visiting with little ones will appreciate the thoughtful addition of a baby safety gate, ensuring a worry-free stay for parents.

The strategic location of Villa Zeka Ksamil places guests within easy reach of local attractions, including Ksamil Beach 7 and the historic Butrint National Park, both just a short distance away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is 93 km from the property, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

In summary, Villa Zeka Ksamil stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a harmonious blend of accessibility, tranquility, and comfort in Ksamil. Whether it's lounging on nearby beaches, exploring local landmarks, or simply enjoying the serene garden views from a private balcony, this apartment complex caters to a diverse range of preferences and promises a memorable stay.