---\ntitle: "Villa Malaj"\ndescription: "Villa Malaj emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Vlorë, situated merely 700 meters from the serene Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357217988.jpg?k=9bfcb1c8d9db5543d5c632fde591aad59229cac80e0cf2716f3e299d5a0b3816&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-malaj\naddress: "Rruga Andrea Varfi, 9404 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.46158068\n  lng: 19.46914406\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357217988.jpg?k=9bfcb1c8d9db5543d5c632fde591aad59229cac80e0cf2716f3e299d5a0b3816&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826113.jpg?k=c33aeed90c08e2d183c1a1ebb106aa609ec2b4e8157902024f308068e7fe07d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826101.jpg?k=3c8ced6aaf5585b6d44cee1670cfdfbf1f6cd80e431cdc0c82144a12bf021623&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826138.jpg?k=276470b3a0385a92fb908eea0abac9fc083f835f2123e5f4532728c5c95a19ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826081.jpg?k=91c1bdc6556c6231affb4fd753234a046670ce1c4752222241a9ac7b2fe589b6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826143.jpg?k=4d0ff06f2b38ea1bbce991349b206b053b20ffe2c7b38c8fa62eeeeafa47f1a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826069.jpg?k=74b0c7d54edb0d4daa2add874f8e4a8ab38b3c32ff79126541187f58c9b36135&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/452826128.jpg?k=b2c373b29a8b37236665bb8b846bae84db4a3c9eb8c96022e66c675992547441&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/423413263.jpg?k=5fb530a7832dfeecdb7695b7eb4b1f09da203099f603892fd9d203df7ca69835&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Love Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant F. Feimi 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 400 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Independence Square 2.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nuno"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“Very confortable house.
Not at the center but close to beach.
Useful host.
Parking
Washing machine (for a small amount)
All perfect”"\n  - name: "Peyo"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Lovely people!We had a good time in this ground floor apartment.The room was tidy and clean.There was everything you need.The kitchen is really well equipped.There is a beautiful garden and a place to park your car.”"\n  - name: "Egle"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Very cozy, comfortable and authentic house near the beach. There is everything you could need and the hosts are just wonderful! Very sincere and helpful people, they have an organic garden, their son speaks English perfectly. We definitely...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-malaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a haven of tranquility and privacy, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms and two bathrooms, along with the luxury of air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests are welcomed into a space that feels like home, complete with a balcony offering breathtaking sea views, a shared kitchen for culinary adventures, and the assurance of full-day security. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of crisp bed linen, soft towels, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a dining area designed for memorable meals. Moreover, the terrace invites guests to unwind and soak in the picturesque surroundings.

For those who appreciate the finer things, Villa Malaj does not disappoint. The apartment is meticulously maintained as a non-smoking and soundproof sanctuary, where guests can also delight in complimentary fruits, adding a personal touch to the experience.

Entertainment and leisure are well catered for, with an on-site bar and barbecue facilities available during the warmer months. For the adventurers and explorers, Villa Malaj offers both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy to venture out into the natural beauty of the area. Fishing and hiking opportunities abound, promising an engaging stay for outdoor enthusiasts.

Strategically located, the property is a short distance from notable landmarks such as Independence Square and Kuzum Baba, each within a few kilometers. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 151 km away, ensures Villa Malaj is a compelling choice for both short and extended stays in Vlorë.