---\ntitle: "VILLA 53"\ndescription: "VILLA 53 emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479429194.jpg?k=ad746ca73e95be0eaa6ffee3f24c41d656200cd535a7c90b626a5f6ff5e77ce8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-53\naddress: "Rruga Gjon Buzuku 53, 1010 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33582982\n  lng: 19.82340315\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 57\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479429194.jpg?k=ad746ca73e95be0eaa6ffee3f24c41d656200cd535a7c90b626a5f6ff5e77ce8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480753570.jpg?k=a84c4e4aec0238f63e40fbf3da39063b88eea4a720ca8172aaa625c549c29076&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480753474.jpg?k=ab81b3a2601f14c5943d2a1e2685c76cf567fdbc37dcdc7be7374d4162ea5d5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480754466.jpg?k=56c8044275e38d88be1b990270a48de20be39a913f46d67095319fda0553cb99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480757464.jpg?k=0f9f7bde35721f885f6496f03cf4dd233232d01a776dc696985d29a83fac280a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480753576.jpg?k=8e5a09041a13d278e3c1ecf92334bdc846629ae4e8cc23fccef4b3ed9c4dd07b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Private Bathroom"\n  - "Triple Room with Private Bathroom"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.2 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.3 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Mezeri 50 m"\n  - "Vila Goldi 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 800 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 950 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 950 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Olga"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The guesthouse is very cosy and stylish. The location is great. The hosts are very helpful and hospital.”"\n  - name: "Flavia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“I appreciated the tidiness of the room, all the comfort they provide to make your experience pleasant, the kindness of the host and the breakfast.”"\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Bardzo dobre śniadania + pomocny personel dobra lokalizacja blisko sklepów centrum itd. WIFI działa poprawnie generalnie jest wszystko czego trzeba na miejscu.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-53.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nEach room at VILLA 53 is thoughtfully equipped with a wardrobe, private bathroom, and the added comfort of bed linen and towels. Select units elevate the experience further with the cozy addition of a fireplace, perfect for cooler evenings. Convenience is paramount, with every room also including a fridge for guests' personal use.

For those looking to explore, VILLA 53 serves as an ideal base. The property is within easy reach of the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the National Museum of History Albania, and the Toptani Shopping Centre, catering to both cultural enthusiasts and shopping aficionados alike. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 14 km away, adds to the appeal for international travelers.

Beyond its prime location and comfortable accommodations, VILLA 53 enhances the guest experience with the inclusion of free private parking and the inviting ambiance of its on-site bar, making it a compelling choice for visitors to Tirana seeking a memorable stay.