---\ntitle: "Villa Nicolaos Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa Nicolaos Ksamil emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Ksamil, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach 9 and within easy reach of the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126860571.jpg?k=7e5d85ec05ac26f058c5872599b69758523b2aa330ed5af8b6c42c401a9a0798&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-nicolaos-ksamil\naddress: "Apollonia Street Number building 96, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76842146\n  lng: 20.00142843\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 137\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126860571.jpg?k=7e5d85ec05ac26f058c5872599b69758523b2aa330ed5af8b6c42c401a9a0798&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858947.jpg?k=6798b7094a6ee89d8b1c2a14544506a74de277e85bcfc40c1468b622c980e139&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858931.jpg?k=10e3676fb6a057ca292681b8657209e1b73a12a4491d3dfe3ccd9ac809357b7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858961.jpg?k=72f1001643427a2465179d5e476a2d5ab222d1c3c4c0fce09900b48ad5dc4529&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858963.jpg?k=6106a6f1d208ad4cc764ac7f56e29fca10804667e3cfb1ec6afc9fc53d70b366&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858978.jpg?k=55b9d64296176b279de05d18e2c822fcb2ce83573022cdfee9b15170d6c0ae5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858948.jpg?k=286968fde6f18a72e4b5de1875b2e563bdae0029b54b5479681f807256d9f659&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/126858938.jpg?k=b574c89b74f6a60d54d665ba098143897d52acbfc3b54b5f67bb98a9de6e5c4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/135588707.jpg?k=df5c3200771b09cb11e81227ee1158d40b28f2ea6fef671caa7515085c9d34e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Geri Trebeshina 50 m"\n  - "Hello Crêperie 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 450 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 150 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Pokšajová"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The apartment is very nicely and modernly furnished with everything you need for your stay. It is located in the center of Ksamil, where you will find not only restaurants, but also shops, and all the beaches are a few steps away. The owner is...”"\n  - name: "Nikolasprogame"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Villa Nicolaos is located in a quiet area but close to the city centre of Ksamil. The room was very spacious , clean and comfortable. Everything we needed was in there and we had also free access to the laundry room. The hosts are amazing people...”"\n  - name: "Natalia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very comfortable apartment . Very clean apartment in the centre of the Ksamil . It’s near at supermarket, restaurant , beaches and everything you need. The host are very kind and willing to help us.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-nicolaos-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Nicolaos Ksamil are treated to accommodations that boast not only free WiFi and ample private parking but also a delightful children's playground and a lush garden, making it an ideal choice for families and solo travelers alike. The property's strategic location affords stunning city views and places visitors a mere 600 meters from the allure of Ksamil Beach 7.

Each unit within this villa complex is designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring private entrances that lead to spaces where elegance meets functionality. The accommodations are equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully outfitted kitchen, ensuring a stay that is as comfortable as it is luxurious. The presence of a desk and a private bathroom in every unit adds a touch of convenience for both leisure and business travelers.

The option to savor a meal outdoors is made possible by the villa's barbecue facilities, offering a perfect setting for an intimate dinner under the stars or a joyful family gathering.

For those keen on exploring the natural wonders of the area, Butrint National Park is just 2.8 km away, presenting an opportunity to immerse oneself in the rich history and biodiversity of the region. Moreover, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km from the villa, ensures that Villa Nicolaos Ksamil is easily accessible for international travelers seeking a tranquil retreat amidst the beauty of Ksamil.

In summary, Villa Nicolaos Ksamil stands out as a premier destination for those in pursuit of a peaceful getaway, where the beauty of nature, the comfort of luxury accommodations, and the warmth of genuine hospitality converge to create an unforgettable experience.