---\ntitle: "Villa CACA"\ndescription: "Villa CACA emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil, situated a mere 600 meters from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363947878.jpg?k=cd6d28b434a134a02ddd6b6bd808d6d5c2a1603a711c0148d54f59e16a0c3df8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-caca\naddress: "Baba Sherifi, Street Ksamil, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76994681\n  lng: 20.00702888\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 84\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 7.9\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363947878.jpg?k=cd6d28b434a134a02ddd6b6bd808d6d5c2a1603a711c0148d54f59e16a0c3df8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/427934211.jpg?k=a78d307eadb96631e5c61c0a606b603246e0e13b627d491be4cc3232171a55df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434002735.jpg?k=ff27cb0326f90eddfb1234c7c11d55486b208dc61e086efa522de22f1241956d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433985893.jpg?k=7e187b9f79eb91f1616ef287725868309ebc5fd706cf5edf0f2e28cfbc0ef2df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/364053246.jpg?k=bf47343ab0bdbc7d16e224e00df2bd989ce9acf99cae83b8302e24c9899f4216&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/433986054.jpg?k=8c89f87e7b585a508950fb0bbaf15895dd65fe65e46c4e6014ec37c57d0b23d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434002951.jpg?k=6eb7b7fe4871f51fe70bd0ebd5571fc49922272a2b24fe808ecb64eb23826ade&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/340417813.jpg?k=c79af16d244dfaad6c36d800838175416a206a505f1ec21851f7cfba7ff736b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363955969.jpg?k=902306de9dfb0114f76d35abbe84d1230c033279ae3d956bc9d543243fc42d0b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 150 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 750 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 500 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.3 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "S"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely room, great balcony, handy shop underneath, help staff, good sir con.”"\n  - name: "Benard"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Pastertia , stafi dhe vendodhja e cdo gje tjeter ishte perfekte☺️”"\n  - name: "Curtis"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The Villa was easy to find with google maps. The host gave us a very warm welcome and offered us a drink on the patio while our room was being made ready. The room was very clean on arrival. The balcony is very large. The Shop under the Villa...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-caca-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa CACA are designed with the modern family in mind, featuring select units equipped with cable flat-screen TVs, fully outfitted kitchens complete with ovens, and private bathrooms adorned with baths and plush bathrobes, ensuring a stay that combines luxury with the comforts of home.

For those who prefer to dine in or need essentials, a convenient minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without the need to venture far. The property doesn't stop at just providing a place to stay; it invites guests to experience leisure in its purest form. A well-maintained garden equipped with a barbecue stands ready for guests to enjoy a serene afternoon or an intimate evening under the stars.

Anglers and outdoor enthusiasts will find the nearby fishing opportunities irresistible, adding a touch of adventure to their stay. For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Villa CACA is conveniently located less than a kilometer from the enchanting Ksamil Beach 9 and a short 2.9 km journey from the historical Butrint National Park, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Accessibility is seamless, with Corfu International Airport situated 93 km away, making Villa CACA an accessible retreat for international travelers seeking tranquility and convenience in one of Ksamil's most picturesque settings.