---\ntitle: "Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 3"\ndescription: "Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 3 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Golem, mere steps away from the pristine Qerret Beach and a short stroll from the tranquil Mali I Robit Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474721187.jpg?k=2eb6c15648002ef87c5eab9ebb2d5702bd7a31ea2a8546f1b7151090f8bcafcc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-pearl-adriatic-coast-3\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.22066869\n  lng: 19.50862684\nprice: "US$85"\npriceFrom: 85\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474721187.jpg?k=2eb6c15648002ef87c5eab9ebb2d5702bd7a31ea2a8546f1b7151090f8bcafcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474222677.jpg?k=504f3b7fd847665b1c27aecd00fd29455275a62e9640d9bcb8f29c0f2483518c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474395627.jpg?k=6caf8f3c0e6af7b06d820660f27fd1fbdfc7676a30e6da6e6b6bc923348a9478&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474395509.jpg?k=bcc7d367510261b55670d169d9df3207f17b16cd9e1cd26fdacd5391e3f4b622&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474222634.jpg?k=30e83a0804d83fa6e622b70c181c76567a984cdd186f0f054754c1c99c2fa641&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/474222888.jpg?k=6ddddba25e98751da42a9f6646b409bf181cde3c8407af7657ae540058952045&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 20 m"\n  - "Piceri Cegrani 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 100 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ralf"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Eine sehr schicke und saubere Ferienwohnung. Sehr nette und hilfsbereite Vermieter. Tolle Lage, nur zwei Gehminuten vom Stand entfernt. In der Nähe gibt es eine Vielzahl an Restaurants, Bars etc.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunset-apartments-kavaje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 3 are designed with comfort and convenience in mind, featuring balconies that boast breathtaking sea views, cozy seating areas for unwinding, and satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment. The fully equipped kitchens, complete with ovens and toasters, allow guests the freedom to prepare their meals, while the private bathrooms come with bidets and hair dryers, adding an extra layer of convenience. Air conditioning is standard across all units, with select apartments offering the added luxury of a terrace. To ensure a hassle-free stay, bed linen and towels are provided in all units.

For those needing to pick up essentials or snacks, a minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs without the necessity to venture far. The location of Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 3 also makes it an ideal base for exploring the wider area, with Skanderbeg Square located 49 km away for those interested in cultural excursions, and the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 8 km away, for those seeking natural beauty. Furthermore, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 44 km away, ensures that arrivals and departures are as smooth as possible.

Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 3 stands out not only for its exceptional location and amenities but also for offering a slice of paradise where guests can enjoy the beauty of the Adriatic Coast in comfort and style.