---\ntitle: "Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 2"\ndescription: "Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 2 emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the Golem shoreline."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477033860.jpg?k=4df3eff4052a411f0e5c3bbbb2353b3ad507476fdee61a1d22330d0b020d9a64&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-pearl-adriatic-coast-2\naddress: "Rruga Qerret Plazh, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.22068437\n  lng: 19.50852509\nprice: "US$127"\npriceFrom: 127\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 8\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477033860.jpg?k=4df3eff4052a411f0e5c3bbbb2353b3ad507476fdee61a1d22330d0b020d9a64&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476008749.jpg?k=a5f0ba695acf278ac531457019e7ac35a872f656b71319b570b0a9562696beb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476147669.jpg?k=9880bf628ae10e5f4219c56d05ee0e5d4a9a379c4aa1ceb7dfc423002e2d96bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476147575.jpg?k=cf33778ffb4a420074d6e31d8b9c84c80984270d7754e1096bc303e5ce1cfe95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480719957.jpg?k=0df06fb80b2a3efb99eaa1751fc7da731265f13eaa12f458925b23baf5012f37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475833352.jpg?k=4b2c7a886a052e04d0c51f2b7a2379b40de78ac0bbda99e45d1dd43d66e8dd9e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/475833248.jpg?k=23062316323d10d43189e35b4da6eeb5c536db3c42b04239b8fa0cb2237b71bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480720257.jpg?k=8f562a9349c0ac57043a40783feaddd3fc1216f01b5220132d28a6271cd3a98e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525902526.jpg?k=9d45877678320a7bcc208c86f8c273c94c51d9bdb9893e379c95395b2d340661&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 20 m"\n  - "Piceri Cegrani 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 100 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 5 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dušan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The apartment is super nice, everyrhing is clean, it is newly equipted and there is enough space. The hosts are welcoming and helpful - if you need something they are happy to assist with anything. Perfect for families.”"\n  - name: "Karolina"\n    country: "Thailand"\n    text: "“Sehr schönes Haus, nähe zum Strand, ruhig, alles top!”"\n  - name: "Fanji"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Donrad est un hôte très accueillant et adorable. L’appartement est propre , refait à neuf et vraiment proche de la plage où nous disposions des transats et d’un parasol . Nous reviendrons avec plaisir !!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pearl-of-adriatic-apartment-kavaje.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a spacious apartment that is a testament to modern living by the sea. Guests are treated to stunning sea views from a private balcony, making every moment spent here a picturesque one. The apartment features two well-appointed bedrooms, a cozy living room for relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and an equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher and an oven, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet, along with towels and bed linen, adds to the convenience of the stay. For those who love dining al fresco, an outdoor dining area is available, enhancing the experience of meals with a view.

The property prides itself on being a non-smoking haven, ensuring a clean and fresh environment for all guests. The addition of free private parking and complimentary WiFi throughout the stay underscores the property's commitment to guest satisfaction and connectivity needs.

For essentials or quick snacks, a minimarket on the premises offers the utmost convenience. Guests looking for moments of tranquility will find the garden an ideal spot for relaxation and contemplation.

Situated 49 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and within proximity to notable landmarks such as the Rock of Kavaje and the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 2 serves as an excellent base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The property is also conveniently located 44 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it easily accessible for international travelers.

Villa Pearl Adriatic Coast 2 is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that offers a seamless blend of comfort, convenience, and the beauty of the Adriatic Coast, promising an unforgettable experience for all who visit.