---\ntitle: "VILLA PEPETO Durres Albania"\ndescription: "Villa Pepeto, situated in the vibrant heart of Durrës, Albania, stands a mere stone's throw away from the bustling Port of Durrës, offering travelers an oasis of convenience and comfort."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33395758.jpg?k=3649e5ca5edc646b2063b6f77e9479a30015e6c1f95360397b6923bd9559b1d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-pepeto-durres-albania\naddress: "Mbreti MONUM Nr.3 Ramazan Jella, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31355445\n  lng: 19.44761798\nprice: "US$16"\npriceFrom: 16\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 143\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33395758.jpg?k=3649e5ca5edc646b2063b6f77e9479a30015e6c1f95360397b6923bd9559b1d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374569717.jpg?k=ef778cacb745445e1bf30456cbc116cf334646b54d54cfd6f81937b7c6a0e2b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/36666458.jpg?k=381e8424edf90491ceb82b534b9f6eeb7edd90aa1786072996bc1929cf5acded&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33395764.jpg?k=390fa005c63743c56f3810f38b4ea1f28bde166810d70162964c663d8493fad3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/375215300.jpg?k=65e0715f62b1b3a4ec5896dddcf35037031e0dca29f2158b2db1a21ba54d5ba5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/33395780.jpg?k=9ec242c6b0feac4b35dc18ada52c17c316af18fa1dc24ae620ea6307cf724b9a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 3-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room with Shower"\n  - "Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sema 50 m"\n  - "The Wall 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 550 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.7 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 300 m"\n  - "1. Maj 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 450 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 800 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mykola"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“My booking was upgraded for additional 5€. I got an amazing room, with private bathroom, a/c, fridge and wardrobe. The room was very warm, cozy and perfectly clean, shower was very comfortable. Staff were incredibly helpful and...”"\n  - name: "Yulia"\n    country: "Israel"\n    text: "“Host! Clean, location, aircon, great linen, balcony, terrace, feels like home, washing mashine”"\n  - name: "Simon"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Quiet, good location, good ambience. Top marks all around.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/pepeto.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Pepeto are designed with the discerning traveler in mind, featuring rooms equipped with televisions, comfortable seating areas, and desks, ensuring a blend of relaxation and productivity. The charm of the city is brought into each room through expansive windows offering picturesque city views. Select accommodations elevate the experience further with the addition of terraces or balconies, inviting guests to bask in the serene ambiance of Durrës. The attention to detail extends to the en suite bathrooms, each fitted with a bidet, highlighting the hotel's commitment to guest comfort.

Around-the-clock service is a hallmark of Villa Pepeto, with a 24-hour front desk ensuring needs are met at any hour. The on-site bar serves as a cozy retreat for guests looking to unwind with a drink. The hotel's communal spaces, including a lush garden, a sun-drenched terrace, and a shared lounge, foster a sense of community and relaxation.

Located a mere 300 meters from the historic Durrës Amphitheatre and a brief 4-minute drive from Niko Dovana Stadium, Villa Pepeto offers an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. For those venturing further, Tirana Airport is conveniently located 25 km away, making Villa Pepeto an excellent choice for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of historical exploration and modern comfort.