---\ntitle: "Villa Nanaj"\ndescription: "Villa Nanaj emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451152768.jpg?k=9715f6b904178210f2968a783d02db308b244db91a81fac796dad936f5e89124&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-nanaj\naddress: "Rruga Naconale Sarandë - Butrint, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76810048\n  lng: 20.00246695\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 59\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451152768.jpg?k=9715f6b904178210f2968a783d02db308b244db91a81fac796dad936f5e89124&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441099773.jpg?k=976f04434adf4368a1c6d310edc053983f81bb8658a3d7f904d4b9705bc5baa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451152636.jpg?k=0812837a74aabc573dd776bcd0618dee43abc9bad0075c80225a46d2da992dd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464769588.jpg?k=1fed3275d0b9ffa35da562d6b134d7a49416b0c6aa79ee8791bbda10968dbf93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451150379.jpg?k=623c902dc58feca3ff4f5bf69d688f84db26b4515d65e0b78bc0656dc637b233&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/441099799.jpg?k=c260cafc446c47d4721130dcaff8ed605d6cc31f2ebdd17047109745c18bd5f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451156508.jpg?k=b29dba3a0503f313f802daa399c5057cf695bd886de45f2d0911cbfd3cb243e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465505910.jpg?k=962d1b3192700aa4405079bb4979ef7d9c1aa610778b3fc84ab4a02a628209d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465505780.jpg?k=bb39a7ed7ecf57f58e45daf3c5c00302a36fc94fbd73b433b825b0737bcce242&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Proper Pizza Ksamil 20 m"\n  - "Joni 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 50 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.5 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aferdita"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The staff are very good,they helped us with,every question we had,cleanliness we liked 🙂.We recommend it”"\n  - name: "Hoxha"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very comfy rooms and i really was amazed , nice price and very friendly staff , they helped me for everything i needed , definitely i will come again !”"\n  - name: "Hulaj"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The property is located near the centre of Ksamil and the beaches are within walking distance. There are also many restaurants and grocery stores next to the property. The room is clean and spacious. The staff were also friendly and went over and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-nanaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Villa Nanaj is designed with guest privacy and comfort in mind, featuring a private entrance that ensures a secluded and personalized stay. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including air conditioning, a cable flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. The inclusion of a well-fitted kitchenette and a private bathroom stocked with free toiletries adds a touch of convenience, allowing guests to feel fully at ease.

The charm of Villa Nanaj is further enhanced by its outdoor spaces. Balconies and patios in each unit offer not just city views but also an outdoor dining area, perfect for enjoying meals in the open air or simply soaking in the ambiance of Ksamil.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Butrint National Park is located just 2.6 km away, offering a glimpse into the area's rich history and natural beauty. Additionally, the property's proximity to Corfu International Airport, 92 km away, makes it a practical choice for international travelers.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful design, Villa Nanaj stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Ksamil, whether for leisure or exploration.