---\ntitle: "Villa Xani"\ndescription: "Villa Xani emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Himare, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Spille Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301183404.jpg?k=aefc686bb0ad0df90bc57879d7f3a3faec795d765315ed516d95a6be740d7e6b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-xani\naddress: "Rruga Himarë, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10451505\n  lng: 19.73790407\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 251\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301183404.jpg?k=aefc686bb0ad0df90bc57879d7f3a3faec795d765315ed516d95a6be740d7e6b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210554219.jpg?k=e55a4e33bce91ba33a77c65d909c66f2dd25c438efd31105f8bf73fa936feb06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158383146.jpg?k=47395f4be0dc18f91ccd7ac0eccc7d44f7526b639493aabe01b0be0014ac2fcc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/158383171.jpg?k=c0cf152938947b217f6c9f3826267fb027a588c91d37f581a90f7047b2daff9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211122175.jpg?k=77626dbb84ac2fd2dde41e4b427b86fa74880ce3a4c5a70f5bdfa70abefc1bdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210598703.jpg?k=2290c9a7a6c44e2caf93ad80a0982e2ef5893ae9f4493c0b6fc04f0740de9190&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301297426.jpg?k=9a651bb1b650bd144647e7153c1b36d55c7b67acfb5abd6e3ddfe67b81a86858&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211122151.jpg?k=23de9098e004a46394851453238436bff70eb78d97e4700cf57ee7b23993506d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211122161.jpg?k=815f2c25b3225cadf85ec31d502674acec20ce9fa696e7bc463373abf47dbd58&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Blue Bay 250 m"\n  - "Restorant Piceri Mumbas 550 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Spille Beach 450 m"\n  - "Livadhi Beach 600 m"\n  - "Maracit Beach 1 km"\n  - "Prinos Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Potam Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sean"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“This property was exceptional. Great location, exceptional value, very spacious clean and very comfortable apartment. The host was so friendly. We wanted to stay longer and we felt sad to leave. I hope we can go back again soon. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Wolfgang"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Warm welcome by the friendly and helpful hosts (who also very quickly resolved the minor requests that we had on checkin). This is a very nice villa in a green, quiet location on a small hill halfway between the town center and its beaches and the...”"\n  - name: "Julita"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very nice owners, communicative and friendly.
Great location, even if it's needed to climb a bit.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-xani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Xani are treated to accommodations that blend functionality with comfort. Each unit is equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a refrigerator, and a coffee machine, ensuring a stay that combines relaxation with the comforts of home. For those who love to prepare their own meals, select rooms also feature a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven. The attention to detail extends to the provision of plush bathrobes, a wardrobe, and a private bathroom outfitted with a shower and hair dryer, enhancing the home-away-from-home experience.

The allure of Villa Xani is not limited to its interiors. A balcony accompanies each accommodation, offering guests a private vista of the surrounding mountains, while the property itself boasts a terrace and a lush garden equipped with a barbecue. This setting invites guests to unwind in nature or engage in outdoor activities, with fishing and hiking opportunities readily available nearby.

For beach enthusiasts, the property's location is ideal. Beyond the nearby Spille Beach, Livadhi Beach and Maracit Beach are both within a 1.3 km radius, offering diverse options for sun, sea, and sand. Despite its tranquil setting, Villa Xani remains accessible, with Ioannina Airport located 144 km away, making it a convenient retreat for both local and international travelers.

In summary, Villa Xani stands out as a versatile accommodation choice, promising a blend of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty for families and solo travelers alike. Its comprehensive amenities, coupled with its proximity to some of Himare's most beautiful beaches, make it a compelling option for anyone looking to explore this picturesque part of the world.