---\ntitle: "Villa Mitsi Sarande"\ndescription: "Villa Mitsi Sarande emerges as a modern oasis for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067835.jpg?k=3c70069de294dd22dbe853dfafad661c60a316575bf7055c1b08f70e3966c033&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-mitsi-sarande\naddress: "Saranda, AL - Corfu, GR, Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87787658\n  lng: 20.02326281\nprice: "US$44"\npriceFrom: 44\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067835.jpg?k=3c70069de294dd22dbe853dfafad661c60a316575bf7055c1b08f70e3966c033&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067866.jpg?k=aa3576dc5086aebc323d1a4ac75e4aa4fc2f329142c271e0edbb4a8fa5ae92de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067908.jpg?k=0f5022fde89a9bdb83e5508a3100c365799ba4129f4fbe0450466447e2a53794&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067862.jpg?k=473e384f6da1bc38d0de87e879321b3cb039185fd92607249ca5d8dad6489c2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067880.jpg?k=4fc4bd34ae059f8308ac264420fc3821d593ed6281958632a3ffe8222e7ed512&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067902.jpg?k=10a925081ff395c246079d5760f4d8d17092c0c1f645153c73726b9888959b4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067864.jpg?k=665e69e8e981e9ae8698c36275b986316342d425ae51dec431ee4ed6e80ea7c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067882.jpg?k=449c9ac937a6566cb8cf42b40b71d5cc917629d7335a47e5073d9464158a4390&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509067885.jpg?k=4421280bf000e78570066268733d4615285e094b83bc71ac41739eb3e5d41e67&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grand Hotel Saranda 600 m"\n  - "Coffee Fast Food 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 2 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 2.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 31 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-mitsi-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nLocated just 2.8 km from the bustling Saranda City Beach, guests are treated to the ease of complimentary WiFi and private parking, making explorations of the surrounding area both effortless and inviting. The property prides itself on offering a seamless experience with services such as luggage storage, private check-in and check-out, and currency exchange, all designed to enhance the guest experience from arrival to departure.

The holiday home itself is a testament to spacious living and thoughtful design, boasting a terrace that offers serene mountain views. With three bedrooms, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen that includes a dishwasher and an oven, the space is perfectly suited for families or groups. The addition of soundproofing, a cozy fireplace, and the provision of essentials such as bed linen, towels, and laundry service further underscore the property's commitment to comfort.

Outdoor living is equally celebrated at Villa Mitsi Sarande. Guests are encouraged to take advantage of the barbecue facilities for al fresco dining on the private patio, an ideal setting for making memories under the sun. For younger visitors, the holiday home features a children's playground and a picnic area, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Situated a mere 2.9 km from both La Petite Beach and Maestral Beach, the property offers a strategic base for beach enthusiasts. For those looking to explore beyond Sarandë, the nearest airport, Ioannina, is 95 km away, with the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service available upon request.

Villa Mitsi Sarande represents a harmonious blend of home-like comfort and the luxuries of a holiday retreat, making it a compelling choice for travelers to Sarandë.