---\ntitle: "Villa 69 - Jonufer"\ndescription: "Villa 69 - Jonufer stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, with its accommodations offering breathtaking sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373489985.jpg?k=2728c6f7266e2de05067f2a9c7eef5a697f83761ad8f49a17029c0e538e389ed&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-69-jonufer\naddress: "Rruga Sali Vranishti, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4011283\n  lng: 19.48094573\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8.1\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.1\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373489985.jpg?k=2728c6f7266e2de05067f2a9c7eef5a697f83761ad8f49a17029c0e538e389ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373489970.jpg?k=6a7ae00e3b5460f200b4fb60a4b4500cc8492c95e1e78404358c4fb81072524e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373489926.jpg?k=3ae34966695617b3c4bd99751bfa3dfb06a1fa52701f33e1640a471eb4820231&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373489927.jpg?k=14499eaa58055f218a228bd5b7d59de1299552833d8f4d1bc536618936ca1069&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376358235.jpg?k=6fa05d0874fcbd2a8b780c2d6f566c519682daa66d927e23c1e5cd9578b64c87&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373490022.jpg?k=1b999617e244fea62e967d40c3e4abe97f6539c8a488b57bd60a97a1c9a6d322&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Balcony and Sea View (next building)"\n  - "Three-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "RESTORANT DIONS 200 m"\n  - "Nobus Terrace 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunny Beach 150 m"\n  - "Coco Bongo Beach 150 m"\n  - "La Playa Beach 500 m"\n  - "Vega Beach 800 m"\n  - "Vajana Beach 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 4.1 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 8 km"\n  - "Independence Square 8 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 95 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Appartamento nuovissimo profumava di nuovo. (agosto 2022) carino ed accogliente e dotato di ogni confort. Tutto perfetto. Da migliorare l'accesso a casa perchè è completamente su sterrato e ciottoli ma la struttura è di nuova costruzione e stanno...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-jonufra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe guest house is designed to accommodate families, featuring spacious family rooms that promise a comfortable stay. Each unit within Villa 69 - Jonufer is equipped with air conditioning and a cable flat-screen TV, ensuring guests can unwind in a cool, relaxing environment after a day under the sun. The private bathrooms come with a shower and a hair dryer, adding to the convenience, while complimentary WiFi in the rooms ensures that guests stay connected. Select rooms also offer the luxury of a terrace, allowing guests to soak in the serene surroundings from the comfort of their accommodation.

For those looking to unwind, the property boasts a lush garden, providing a tranquil retreat where guests can relax and recharge. The location of Villa 69 - Jonufer is ideal for beach lovers, with Sunny Beach merely 400 meters away, and the more secluded La Playa Beach within a 600-meter distance, offering options for both lively and peaceful beach experiences.

Accessibility is also a highlight, as the property is situated 158 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, making it a convenient option for international travelers. Villa 69 - Jonufer emerges as a top recommendation for those in search of a serene getaway that doesn't compromise on the proximity to local attractions and beaches.