---\ntitle: "Villa Kokoshi, an extraordinary experience."\ndescription: "Villa Kokoshi stands as a testament to luxury and history in the heart of Berat, offering guests an unparalleled stay in a structure that dates back to the early 20th century."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408381637.jpg?k=dad661896c1e5357381833f5e60a83b583531304abfac558dc23deb4ce7132a9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-kokoshi-an-extraordinary-experience\naddress: "Rrugica Mbrica, 5001 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70853646\n  lng: 19.94584047\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 13\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408381637.jpg?k=dad661896c1e5357381833f5e60a83b583531304abfac558dc23deb4ce7132a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408385891.jpg?k=bf9fbcb1bb24c33046050532fad560353d9ac6cefb909ba2495676c12c135ae2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408386564.jpg?k=c9f18bc68ccfebddaeab4f07516d7f3ac39c3e0e9c3748be863f7701c26c47f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408382625.jpg?k=e2241d60a718490de91d48a80447f6d20980dd65dc381661f224778b412fdd43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408382601.jpg?k=1755280e58709037996374047fa0200a9cc83dd7ed74fac9776709803526a09d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408381225.jpg?k=478274b27d1bdaa7df38b667abf92e4abcd98b84d6f68897c30a1c208938c6ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408385963.jpg?k=7ae89937a8a131e8f777b8d4203c7cce110e2ab503158818db305fb0167b8817&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408386548.jpg?k=270ffd35bd6246e70ebd155b567a51445ae1617e5a89fa0604cb00e3165c3f45&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408382617.jpg?k=adb927828fc95e4ebc18bc2200b0df14c4bca040d03f2d0a383637ccb120e4c3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mbrica Bar Restorant Grill 10 m"\n  - "Bar Akropoli 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dane"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“My recent stay at Villa Kokoshi in Berat Castle was truly an unforgettable experience. The villa is situated within the walls of the historic castle. The villa itself is beautifully restored, with traditional architecture and modern amenities that...”"\n  - name: "Dick"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“wow!!! staying in a castle where people been living for 2500 years is a privilege. Villa Kokoshi, an extraordinary experience cos in this villa you have all you need , beautiful living room with a chimney and a kitchen. very comfortable sofa and...”"\n  - name: "Dane"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“I had a wonderful stay at Villa Kokoshi. It is in the middle of berat castle, in a very quiet area. Is a self check in and when you get in is just wow. A very luxury furniture just inside of a very old but well kept Villa. In the Kitchen is just...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-kokoshi-an-extraordinary-experience.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Historical Sites Proximity"\nbestCategories: "Historical Sites Proximity"\ncategory: "Historical Sites Proximity"\n---\n\nUpon entering the air-conditioned premises, guests are greeted with a tastefully decorated living space that includes a bedroom, a living room, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting an oven and kettle for those moments when dining in feels just right. The bathroom, equipped with a bidet and complemented with slippers, adds a touch of home-comfort to the experience. The villa's soundproof rooms, featuring carpeted floors and a cozy fireplace, promise a serene retreat from the bustling world outside.

For those who prefer dining out, the villa's on-site restaurant serves a variety of meals ranging from dinner and lunch to brunch and high tea, catering to all tastes and preferences. Additionally, the convenience of bed linen, towels, and laundry service underscores the villa's commitment to guest comfort.

Travelers looking to explore beyond the villa's comforts will find the car rental service and airport transfers beneficial, especially considering the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 117 km away. Villa Kokoshi not only offers a stay but an experience steeped in history, comfort, and convenience, making it a must-visit destination for those traveling to Berat.