---\ntitle: "Villa Miro"\ndescription: "Villa Miro emerges as a standout choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Golem."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306937.jpg?k=a45e55934799d33d2ea6d24b6c08110e2b457d09adcdd93264655b766f731e65&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-miro\naddress: "Rruga Natyra e Qete, 1001 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2268006\n  lng: 19.51467186\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 6.7\nratingWords: "Average"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 6.7\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 5\n  facilities: 5\n  value: 2.5\n  comfort: 7.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306937.jpg?k=a45e55934799d33d2ea6d24b6c08110e2b457d09adcdd93264655b766f731e65&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306933.jpg?k=813ecdc36ae49f7fe0f1b0018fd8c5850bf52bc5b3a88de67d9efd9d081b6e58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306921.jpg?k=281f79fb92a513f8de401ac8df58db7c2cf27d8ed8b8823837da5e88c8528d5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306945.jpg?k=de10cb624a134de889152ad000c77770cca2726830ad5812e1741285c9108304&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306934.jpg?k=7c21b75f4f80b87edbf5d10f7f067fa7d9a5fb3c332e236bf364752364cb4c0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148075896.jpg?k=0f455c4c243c4e929d292ef6dacb3e74f9513e60d22e9f1a7f0ca5ed7f5d247e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488473960.jpg?k=97482094bdcdbad9bd08c079c972f0a1472c7410acd3ba8451f4a707a425587d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306916.jpg?k=202a917bb4498b01510a34e471a4b62b9524c610d176bef013cea46b108b5e8c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491306938.jpg?k=f13a149ff7d1362c59af6cc9f8cac88a62d8cbd03d2c57620ceb69950f1ea803&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Baca 250 m"\n  - "Prestige İStanbul Kebab House 700 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 250 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 400 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.3 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 11 km"\n  - "1. Maj 11 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 11 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/miro-villa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe villa itself is a haven of relaxation and luxury. Across its three spacious bedrooms, guests will find a harmonious blend of modern amenities and home comforts. The living area, complete with a flat-screen TV, invites families and friends to gather, while the fully equipped kitchen, boasting a dishwasher and an oven, makes meal preparation a breeze. Not to be overlooked are the two bathrooms, one of which features a rejuvenating hot tub, ensuring a spa-like experience within the privacy of the villa. Air conditioning, a cozy fireplace, and thoughtful touches like a dressing room, bed linen, towels, and laundry service, all contribute to a stay defined by comfort and ease.

The outdoor spaces at Villa Miro are equally impressive. A terrace and garden offer stunning views and a tranquil setting for relaxation or dining al fresco, thanks to the on-site barbecue facilities. For those looking to stay active, free bikes are available, and the surrounding area is ripe for exploration by cycling or fishing.

Families will appreciate the child-friendly amenities, including a baby safety gate and a family-friendly restaurant that features an inviting outdoor dining area. The shared kitchen and in-house bar or lounge provide additional spaces for guests to mingle and unwind.

Located just 2.9 km from Golem Beach and within easy reach of Skanderbeg Square, Villa Miro serves as an ideal base for exploring the local area. With Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport only 43 km away, it offers a seamless experience for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, Villa Miro stands out as a premier destination for those seeking a blend of leisure, luxury, and adventure in the heart of Golem.