---\ntitle: "Villa Kreshta"\ndescription: "Villa Kreshta emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Paradise Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478038168.jpg?k=fde1b39099d5c9fda7aa31330e1885f9d1af2373d27c95e3f3adb65e1ce2ad8f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-kreshta\naddress: "Rruga Freskia, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.763763\n  lng: 19.996556\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 58\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478038168.jpg?k=fde1b39099d5c9fda7aa31330e1885f9d1af2373d27c95e3f3adb65e1ce2ad8f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360612184.jpg?k=825a2d6baa7276f22ab624b6c7e088eb85b996615e35bbd6260fa9fc9ee5a3ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360612706.jpg?k=386ba5203c4eda3982a425bdf599fd8e4a0ebfd4b8a89336227f7fcc357422dd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482023019.jpg?k=b3030a926b57b18ba3e9c544b5dcf44094849c7f17dbc9ae63a16e4eaf0f9165&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482031285.jpg?k=0a02ecb7d70401b9d66fa05a0fca4d5013e94e27a4339900ff0abe4a27557f1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482018961.jpg?k=9b18fe9451f4a1bf34a9936c67749f24519f281d8e2459107aef022e3c090b32&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482018967.jpg?k=4ea25b55d9702926a4b9f1489a80dbc405338f9ca55e1cd2de12e390dc80129d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/482030119.jpg?k=4102d8b8992d7d85148fd858409842f49d47df8340928c384d30b3ef8cd77800&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360611841.jpg?k=acb0750d901b74b09cd60d2fec8f62d2feba931a4181dbf5607e3fcd0605b326&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Family 150 m"\n  - "Nepsi Self Service 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 400 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nicole"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Nice, fresch hotel, comfortable beds, ocean view, somewhere to hang wet towels.
AC worked very well, not close to the party area = quiet during night time.
Close to our favourite beaches (hidden bay - trust me, it's worth the walk).
Nice...”"\n  - name: "Katarzyna"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Great location near the centre and to the beach but still pretty quiet place, very helpful host, big private parking, garden and terrace, attention to cleaning”"\n  - name: "Lilian"\n    country: "Moldova"\n    text: "“An ideal place for a vacation with the family. The rooms are well-arranged and clean. The staff is friendly and understanding. The villa is close to very nice beaches, restaurants and supermarkets.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-kreshta-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are welcomed into a world where convenience meets comfort. Each air-conditioned room at Villa Kreshta is thoughtfully equipped with essentials such as a wardrobe, kettle, fridge, oven, and safety deposit box, not to mention the added luxuries of a flat-screen TV, private terrace, and an en-suite bathroom with a shower. The provision of bed linen and towels further ensures a hassle-free stay.

Beyond the rooms, Villa Kreshta extends its hospitality to cater to the needs of all guests. The shared kitchen facilities and the 24-hour front desk support, coupled with currency exchange services, underscore the hostel's commitment to guest satisfaction. For families, the children's playground offers a safe and enjoyable space for young ones to play and make new friends.

Situated just 3.4 km from the historical Butrint National Park and within a manageable distance from Corfu International Airport, Villa Kreshta not only promises a memorable stay but also an easy gateway to exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the region.