---\ntitle: "Villa Shpetim Zogaj."\ndescription: "Villa Shpetim Zogaj emerges as a serene retreat, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300525145.jpg?k=fffe171699417b99a10d5b6d330482e93a534eac620ab8ae8391b3fc3f3c50b1&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-shpetim-zogaj\naddress: "Riza Cerova 16, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77379692\n  lng: 20.0073586\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.9\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 166\nratings:\n  overall: 8.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300525145.jpg?k=fffe171699417b99a10d5b6d330482e93a534eac620ab8ae8391b3fc3f3c50b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299302200.jpg?k=70cfb941c4eb9764c4e0797675ce5d7574c047815f58155be22c8a5c4df30740&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299301585.jpg?k=c8441311386f83405b651a39e0d14c2b1592aa613f77a4c997a79c7710adc0ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/127808124.jpg?k=f8ac0109b79fa0730b7f472c5a275142a085e89dcf29ceebdedad443bd4aed47&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304492598.jpg?k=25f330bbe3ae6e371ca3a52ab78fb7eba70b9e088c4c3050e4f3cfb346e71b95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/299305202.jpg?k=ce7d46a5e764b6d8bcfda431780c8b00173b7583b57653dc19922dbb3e2335e2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa with Garden View"\n  - "Villa"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 100 m"\n  - "Shakesbeer 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 450 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mirko"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Hosts was amazing, very friendly. Their English was a bit bad, but with google translate we managed to get along pretty easy. We really recommend this apartment.”"\n  - name: "Anne"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“The parents who own the place were accommodating, my host was informative and I felt like I was at my parents place. Loved it. They are a really lovely family.”"\n  - name: "Ruchir"\n    country: "India"\n    text: "“1. The Owners are super duper helpful with everything, and would go out of the way to help you.
2. Clean
3. Has all the needed amenities
4. Location: it’s right at the center.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-shpetim-zogaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Shpetim Zogaj are thoughtfully designed, with terraces that frame breathtaking mountain vistas, satellite flat-screen TVs for entertainment, and kitchens that are both modern and well-equipped. The privacy of a bathroom with a bidet in every unit, alongside a safety deposit box and complimentary WiFi, ensures a stay that is as secure as it is comfortable. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a patio. The villa's outdoor dining area invites guests to savor meals under the open sky, adding a memorable touch to dining experiences.

Located a mere 800 meters from Sunset Beach and within easy reach of Coco Beach, the villa's position allows guests to effortlessly explore the area's coastal beauty. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is situated 93 km away, making Villa Shpetim Zogaj a convenient gateway to the enchanting surroundings and beyond.