---\ntitle: "Villa Oasis"\ndescription: "Villa Oasis stands out as a serene retreat in Berat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its well-appointed accommodations and thoughtful amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401595484.jpg?k=047c4b055681d4d3970273c4f68d050c6dc2ecaa86650075f91ab2c5a5e474e0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-oasis\naddress: "Rruga Staver Naco, 3056 Berat, Albania"\ncity: "Berat"\nlocation: "Berat"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.70986328\n  lng: 19.93623322\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 63\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/401595484.jpg?k=047c4b055681d4d3970273c4f68d050c6dc2ecaa86650075f91ab2c5a5e474e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407093491.jpg?k=e26cb78dde89f05cbb4c1e60ab69949e0ff2d5e9012f1bfac958227d013edd43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376693363.jpg?k=021f83e2d25076d0fa345a8502c2786ab4fa1c76a508d2411ffa70dc35345ff7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483461841.jpg?k=bd148664cd0a2695685cb6de674c15ae13635d049ba7078ab4de32bfbb66edb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376693352.jpg?k=db4e94655a92e820eb47fed3bbc946f70f0a17f69565d45ded78e87e2c1cab39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/407096886.jpg?k=5f940360ce74f4654cf899fab0181a57e82c379f1d866c4b4e8e8bf958a77592&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Double Room with Mountain View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Sweet House 250 m"\n  - "Pasticeri Landi 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Tomorr Mountain National Park 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Tomorri 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 79 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 84 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ivan"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It is a quite place. Very nice room and the woman is helpful”"\n  - name: "Albane"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The location was perfect, we did everything on foot. We arrived late and the owner cooked us a meal we hadn't planned for really cheap. She also kindly took care of making us a washing machine. The rooms were spacious, clean and had balconies....”"\n  - name: "Francisco"\n    country: "Uruguay"\n    text: "“The room was good. Good price and the breakfast is really good too!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-oasis-berat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Oasis are treated to complimentary private parking, around-the-clock front desk service, and seamless connectivity with free WiFi throughout the property. For peace of mind, full-day security is in place, alongside room service and a currency exchange service, ensuring a worry-free stay.

Each room at Villa Oasis is a haven of comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom equipped with a bidet and slippers. Select rooms also offer breathtaking mountain views, enhancing the stay with a touch of natural beauty. Convenience is further amplified with in-room amenities such as a kettle and a wardrobe.

For adventurers and explorers, Villa Oasis thoughtfully provides packed lunches, making it easy for guests to enjoy a day out exploring Berat and beyond without having to worry about meal arrangements.

Located 117 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Villa Oasis is an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and exploration in the heart of Berat.