---\ntitle: "Villa Erdeti Studio & Apartment"\ndescription: "Villa Erdeti Studio & Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort, located just a stone's throw from a sprawling sandy beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210233608.jpg?k=afcf41b099d72978e61119090f1bacecbfdedd8d74b546f1415eee6fd42e87c2&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-erdeti-studio-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Sarande-Butrinti km 4, Kanali i Cukes, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.84868643\n  lng: 20.02098978\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 283\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/210233608.jpg?k=afcf41b099d72978e61119090f1bacecbfdedd8d74b546f1415eee6fd42e87c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/221312203.jpg?k=8b93f6db8b3b9da9588ea16143fce137125aef700724037d6de73320d506a6d4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/221312207.jpg?k=40b7655c632bec0504064c429e73624244def07d791c9c10f2f5db3259b831aa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304121602.jpg?k=b0d2c689de7317f336a0fd5114771afe8cccc503219ee7f8ea497f879a05c3a6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149884082.jpg?k=98c7e39053f5b18e4803af4fc4edf6006437255d0e03eecf89192730527f3b59&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304121569.jpg?k=823ca9ae812af430f3b009fec3c5a74608294641b8bc0946f248a9e7562589c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264504794.jpg?k=6f2cdda926fb4cdcfd8819d4dc743f6adfd8cfce78d53d9aa04367408853978e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306783445.jpg?k=23d1c7e97fb52406eb08623295560929ba783983b1f01d021c014f3f3debf4e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306783431.jpg?k=90cfc03640a96837e8e128ab6255a9060e8afce20aa485277593ce3607da6798&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "River View 150 m"\n  - "Sunrise 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mango Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 600 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Heaven Beach 1.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 200 m"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 1.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 6 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 9 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 28 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klaudia"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“We loved the view from the balcony. Breakfast was exceptional! The owners are very sweet. Hotel is a bit far away from the city centre, but nice, clean and quiet. When you lay in bad you can hear sound of sea waves instead of loud people at night....”"\n  - name: "Jolanta"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“There was everything in the room (hairdryer, airer, refrigerator etc.) also was very clean and the air conditioning worked well. The owner was really helpful and kind. The breakfast was fresh and delicious, it was made by the owners :) The...”"\n  - name: "Sani-jawad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Room was very clean and had a beautiful sea view. Owner was friendly and informative about free beach area near us. Breakfast had a decent selection to choose from.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vila-erdeti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned apartment at Villa Erdeti boasts a furnished balcony, providing a serene spot for guests to unwind while enjoying the fresh air. The inclusion of cable TV adds a touch of home comfort, making it easy for visitors to relax after a day of exploration.

Situated merely 4.5 km from the vibrant city center of Sarande, the location strikes a perfect balance between peaceful retreat and access to urban excitement. Culinary enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the nearest restaurant, just 50 meters away, with a variety of dining options and bars within a 1-km radius, catering to diverse tastes and preferences.

For those intrigued by cultural and natural attractions, the vicinity does not disappoint. The historic St. George Monastery and the scenic Butrint Lake are both within a 5 km reach, while the ancient town of Butrint, a testament to the area's rich heritage, is located 10 km away.

Travelers concerned about mobility will find solace in the availability of a car rental service directly from the property, upon prior request. This thoughtful amenity ensures that guests have the freedom to explore the surrounding beauty at their leisure.

Although the nearest international airport is situated on the Greek island of Corfu, the convenience and array of services offered by Villa Erdeti Studio & Apartment make it a compelling choice for those seeking a memorable stay by the Albanian Riviera.