---\ntitle: "Villa Agimi Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa Agimi Ksamil emerges as a serene retreat, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378688144.jpg?k=6bc5da622cbda76ec496e73dd8d365b4156649fe3ab45dd24d8a673cf7dfe3b3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-agimi-ksamil\naddress: "Road Baba Sherifi, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77023391\n  lng: 20.00664423\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 8.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.5\n  value: 8\n  comfort: 8\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378688144.jpg?k=6bc5da622cbda76ec496e73dd8d365b4156649fe3ab45dd24d8a673cf7dfe3b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440016383.jpg?k=5560810477f905231d612a82fc27296001024611ea47b0add88b63f7c2df9de1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378687889.jpg?k=b3c7c0db6cc03d2f114296f6090122d352b1f127e8b53d2c604a9b24717ee9a5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378687886.jpg?k=b7efb6f919d8e2eceef53bda8d74e4b0b7e449db7e6674dd470b2a7e6c663355&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378688146.jpg?k=bde10c559021520efbd9740279048103e1672f0941073cfc6f0d8f1265727953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440015979.jpg?k=c910d40e7276708fae817f42b56f8aea1b6edf27c28b9716fa398fc84ab379c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/440016905.jpg?k=49a6968c337042e85072cae68f883b41a0e42484e0d301831cbeeed94c0215d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378687861.jpg?k=07f8f654fc798cd21462abfcb2d85976fe98230f172543fac35d7d898eab40d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378685199.jpg?k=d8c16598c7de3f7d865a88f035ecb830641a9c2e8d61e1925ced024619200076&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Grill House Gyros 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Kuburi 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 750 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hristijan"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Everything was super,host was really nice and welcoming. Would recommend to go.”"\n  - name: "Silvia"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“Sehr nette Vermieter, die uns viel über Albanien erzählt haben. Sie haben uns zu einem günstigen Preis einen Mietwagen besorgt.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-zhapokike.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe property boasts an impressive array of family rooms, each designed with comfort and relaxation in mind. Guests are treated to a harmonious blend of modern amenities within each unit, including air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a satellite flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen. The thoughtful addition of a desk and a private bathroom in every room underscores Villa Agimi Ksamil's commitment to providing a seamless stay.

One of the highlights of this charming complex is the choice of a terrace or balcony accompanying each apartment, offering guests unparalleled views of the sea and mountains. It's an invitation to start every morning with a breathtaking panorama or unwind in the evening with a picturesque sunset.

The property's garden is a tranquil oasis, inviting guests to relax and soak in the serene atmosphere. For those looking to explore, the allure of Ksamil Beach 9 is less than 1 km away, while the historic Butrint National Park is a short 2.9 km journey, offering a glimpse into the area's rich heritage.

Situated conveniently with Corfu International Airport 93 km away, Villa Agimi Ksamil stands as a beacon of comfort and tranquility, promising an unforgettable stay for those who venture to this exquisite corner of the world.