---\ntitle: "Villa Festim Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa Festim Ksamil emerges as a serene oasis less than a kilometer from the pristine shores of Sunset Beach, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523416203.jpg?k=291628a8bc373e5c83ac27c015a61d4ed8d4d464d7605b0622f42a8321a490e3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-festim-ksamil\naddress: "Rruga Tafil Buzi Ksamil Sarandë Nr 44, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77353711\n  lng: 20.01073252\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523416203.jpg?k=291628a8bc373e5c83ac27c015a61d4ed8d4d464d7605b0622f42a8321a490e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523427107.jpg?k=28a3bedb9406852438c48a9638e61be8f9db2ab514950f7d76cd8f341e6fa1ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523911864.jpg?k=ffbcf5a5386ae05ed1e2e43be1e3cbb1555ab90e4d791dfd29f1feffe72d3617&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/523423054.jpg?k=4c90eb412f9b789f321565b146b58d075348548d44eead5bd873d59e9328581b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525656426.jpg?k=31c056fa7bd6ac92cf52c94eef0b5a7ff50edb0b0eeb11b77be140a8258f73da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525656354.jpg?k=065452d483754dc7fa47ec1668c8a8e4358065a9335f5290d28bc2efcb95d658&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Family Room with Balcony"\n  - "Apartment with Lake View"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Beshiku 100 m"\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 700 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 1.1 km"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 1,000 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.1 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mariusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect,starting from the service and accomodation to the staff.It had a great location,was near to many beaches and you could literally walk for 2 minutes to arrive there. My family and I had a really calm and fun experience.☺️. The...”"\n  - name: "Caka"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Rooms were really clean, quiet and I slept well. The owners are very nice and friendly. These are the most important things! (The good sleep and clean room)”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Everything was good.We had a grate time and the host's were very friendy and they welcomed us .The room was very clean and warm.We asked the lady of the villa for breakfast and she made me an excellent breakfast. We will go again there it was a...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-festim-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Lake Views"\nbestCategories: "Lake Views"\ncategory: "Lake Views"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Villa Festim Ksamil is thoughtfully designed with a cozy seating area, a state-of-the-art flat-screen TV featuring satellite channels, and a private bathroom equipped with plush bathrobes, a bidet, and both a bath and shower. The highlight of each unit is undoubtedly the balcony, which presents an outdoor dining area set against the backdrop of breathtaking mountain scenery. To further enhance the guest experience, the apartments are stocked with fresh bed linen and towels.

Morning risers at Villa Festim Ksamil are greeted with an array of breakfast options, ranging from à la carte to continental, featuring warm dishes, local delicacies, and pancakes. The on-site coffee shop offers a perfect start to the day, while the convenience of a minimarket caters to any additional needs.

For those seeking adventure or relaxation, Villa Festim Ksamil does not disappoint. The property facilitates bike and car rentals, encouraging guests to explore the surrounding area, known for its excellent cycling and fishing spots. Families will appreciate the children's playground and picnic area, ensuring entertainment for all ages.

Located just 1.1 km from Coco Beach and a short drive from the historical Butrint National Park, 3.4 km away, Villa Festim Ksamil offers an ideal base for exploring the natural and cultural treasures of the region. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 93 km from the property, making Villa Festim Ksamil a compelling choice for those seeking a memorable stay in Ksamil.