---\ntitle: "Villa Baka 14"\ndescription: "Villa Baka 14 emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, perfectly positioned just a short 1."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995045.jpg?k=1a69f08a33f889048fd6bbc62bcff6f028b186647cf2eb22596e474d8d69008f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-baka-14\naddress: "Rruga e Yjeve Nd 14,1, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3158097\n  lng: 19.49260722\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995045.jpg?k=1a69f08a33f889048fd6bbc62bcff6f028b186647cf2eb22596e474d8d69008f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377290562.jpg?k=460b11378bf9ef715ec19bb9aaee27156c580a7bbbd880d48bdb61aa8815e382&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995021.jpg?k=1783dcb4feafd66d3bdcafe7841a59d00d09b6badc8d31b713270c43945711c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995014.jpg?k=a64dbdd4c291c05333816e2307e1219acebdcf5211415a6d76d03bb6d330f943&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995044.jpg?k=9673ccc7d11bd071ad5e07d20861e7b428de360d5eeb9684bad97fe10b32c6a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377290572.jpg?k=4777954a2ff4c34aedea32cb1987e69b81a00d9ac6783742cd9a84d5c81f5384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377290565.jpg?k=ab70e94581ef555d07831f8a7279a5034364cbe1abdb21b6ea3cf610f7575441&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/461513653.jpg?k=a804fd310afc7acf0389f949386df96ab22cb223dbfb3c26fbb4a2177de720f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484995046.jpg?k=11c7f709d658cea1f85433a719dd77cd218a425d040b8224963a0b7028b72119&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Turkish Doner 750 m"\n  - "Galaxy 850 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 950 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stanisław"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I am very pleased with my stay. apartment large and comfortable equipped with everything you need, good contact with the host and good price I recommend to everyone”"\n  - name: "Yongqing"\n    country: "China"\n    text: "“The host family is very kind and considerate, attentive to all the details of our stay. Instruction to drive to the property is clear and effective. The parking is in the property's spacious front yard, completely safe. A very pleasant experience...”"\n  - name: "Pasqualina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“L'appartamento era comodo e pulito, la cucina ben attrezzata, letto comodo”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/lefteris-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe highlight of Villa Baka 14 is undoubtedly its well-appointed apartment. Guests are treated to a space that boasts two cozy bedrooms and a bathroom, designed with comfort and convenience in mind. The living area is complemented by a flat-screen TV and a dining area, leading to a fully equipped kitchen that caters to all culinary needs. The terrace, offering tranquil garden views, serves as the perfect backdrop for a morning coffee or an evening unwind.

Privacy is paramount at Villa Baka 14, with the accommodation featuring a private entrance that adds an extra layer of exclusivity to the guest experience. The inclusion of free private parking and complimentary WiFi further enhances the appeal, ensuring that guests enjoy both convenience and connectivity throughout their stay.

For those looking to make the most of the sunny weather, the property's barbecue facilities provide an ideal setting for an alfresco dining experience. Whether it's a family gathering or a quiet evening for two, the garden setting offers a picturesque scene for memorable meals.

Situated a mere 6.3 km from the Rock of Kavaje and 38 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Villa Baka 14 serves as an excellent base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 32 km away, complemented by the availability of a paid airport shuttle service, ensures seamless travel arrangements for international and domestic visitors alike.

In summary, Villa Baka 14 presents itself as a delightful retreat for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of privacy in the heart of Durrës.