---\ntitle: "Villa Luiza Piqeras"\ndescription: "Villa Luiza Piqeras emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Piqeras, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its air-conditioned accommodations that boast a private patio."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492323938.jpg?k=908786a530174790ca92601a4d15a1934a788556ce28812326abca1d0bc36977&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-luiza-piqeras\naddress: "Piqeras Sarande Albania, 9713 Piqeras, Albania"\ncity: "Piqeras"\nlocation: "Piqeras"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.01382035\n  lng: 19.89029873\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 21\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492323938.jpg?k=908786a530174790ca92601a4d15a1934a788556ce28812326abca1d0bc36977&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492325099.jpg?k=cddd578f19cd5b29ba3ec89fc4a7f84565f9b93a515e2b563395fe5d359fa19d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363954002.jpg?k=6700f3020cffeb4c84ee37abf90976b50874bf484fcab67162da93b6652eb4a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363954061.jpg?k=f43b14228057b82120e1dc6820006f40eb938ef259343b9f4c825660c1607b4e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363954092.jpg?k=a2e13bc5604b34f1a288fefb50023ae85f675290b361fbf148396db9921ad47d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/400220646.jpg?k=c53a024f4b80a39f0271b3698833ae01bebaf9fb0db7e0ca5425bccbd6943bdd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376620248.jpg?k=50a269114834eaeb73ae51fd449ab7a74180680a30bf7ee49f968942de35e04d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468440117.jpg?k=2c8a16b74a32d2e30af8a7740594e1aea285e92d442c59924619eada43538c1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488555225.jpg?k=fc0184cdeaa3d80740414b0c586cd524bc9ed22805f29eb51f0eb63bae1d7e13&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Bitri 400 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Dhoma Gjumi 500 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Buneci Beach 750 m"\n  - "Borsh Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Lukova Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Qeparo Beach 7 km"\n  - "Porto Palermo Beach 3 9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 86 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lewis"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Absolutely stunning booking! Completely suited our needs and the Laert catered to everything we needed. The sunset was quite spectacular an almost 360 degree view if you open all windows. Lovely place that has it all.”"\n  - name: "Szakács"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“It was a great. The view was amazing,room,bathroom,kitchen clean.the kitchen has all you need .,the owner is a very helpful man!Thank you Laert 😀. You can find 3 little markets and two very good restaurant nearby. 200-250m. And the price??Was the...”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“An amazing location with a stunning view! An amazing terrace with perfect sunset also equipped with BBQ.
Leart, the host, is super kind
We reccomend”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-luiza-piqeras.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe holiday home itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring a spacious bedroom, a cozy living room complete with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes both an oven and a microwave. The bathroom, equipped with a bidet, adds a touch of luxury to the overall experience. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the terrace, offering breathtaking sea views, complemented by a balcony that not only provides stunning mountain vistas but also comes furnished, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the beauty of their surroundings.

For those who appreciate the simple pleasures, the on-site coffee shop and the tranquil garden offer perfect spots to unwind. Despite its secluded feel, Villa Luiza Piqeras remains connected to the wider region, with Butrint National Park located just 43 km away, making it an ideal base for explorers. Furthermore, the property is conveniently situated 120 km from Ioannina Airport, ensuring ease of travel.

Villa Luiza Piqeras is more than just a holiday home; it's a gateway to a memorable experience, where every detail is crafted with the guest in mind, making it a top choice for those seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure in Piqeras.