---\ntitle: "Villa Olympia"\ndescription: "Villa Olympia emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, situated a mere 400 meters from the pristine shores of Currila Beach in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491113618.jpg?k=49eea7f7990dffc63f22452e0a5a23e97e72b17ee70f518130b4b674a7a7d2c7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-olympia\naddress: "Rruga Anastas Durrsaku 1075, 1075 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31234648\n  lng: 19.44239195\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 642\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 8.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491113618.jpg?k=49eea7f7990dffc63f22452e0a5a23e97e72b17ee70f518130b4b674a7a7d2c7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491114010.jpg?k=e54fd8f5493fdd16c7d1e310dea51838bb48dba8814ec7960a20b5406931a4b7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/357236598.jpg?k=57542495f4dec6f5cb9a7010bcc1f04f56e68db358645434c4a00bb4f6f223a3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355362535.jpg?k=52a4c275a3998bd3c8239ac7c588b320ab8259eb592cc0acda08d2a090161626&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355463965.jpg?k=7552320f6e17fcb8befa290be2e4e292d1f987fd245146ace69984137df36a5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355463856.jpg?k=64a33cf432d780998fff389aaf1a5c0de050a0783f9e136c925daeea144a6c5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355362538.jpg?k=5d615a2095d5d00974935531779bea03cc35abbf83f5dcaf95f704dc34490b13&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/219067513.jpg?k=b8195a8d1f464ea8f45e750e8e7dcae2a89b6ab02c50ac554918776329db8ec1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355362543.jpg?k=e5ec7b9d67ec8356552af8a37dfab68b7ffe8d72dfc3758c42e0d9f3027a5c76&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (282 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\n  - "Deluxe Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "My Way 50 m"\n  - "Caffe del Mar 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 250 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "1. Maj 50 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 600 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 750 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 1,000 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sylwia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very nice and friendly staff who care about guests' satisfaction. Clean, new rooms. The entire building and its surroundings are well maintained. Good Wi-Fi connection. And of course - sea view :) Convenient location - close to the beach and the...”"\n  - name: "Muhammad"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“If you are in town for 1-2 nights, than its pretty good option.”"\n  - name: "Nicola"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Hosts were amazingly kind and caring, printed our boarding passes free of charge and accomodated us for an early check-in. Spacious flat in a good position.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-olympia-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments at Villa Olympia are designed with guest comfort in mind, each equipped with essential amenities including a wardrobe, a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hair dryer, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning. For those seeking additional luxury, select rooms also include a cozy seating area. Emphasizing health and comfort, the complex ensures all units are allergy-free and soundproof, providing a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life.

Recreational activities abound, with facilities for table tennis on-site and options for bike and car rentals, encouraging guests to explore the surrounding area at their leisure. The lush garden offers a peaceful haven for relaxation and contemplation.

Located conveniently close to other local attractions, Villa Olympia is just 1.7 km from the scenic Kallmi Beach and 2.7 km from the vibrant Durres Beach. For guests traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 34 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for a stress-free journey to and from the airport.

Villa Olympia stands out as an exemplary choice for those in search of a comfortable, engaging, and thoroughly enjoyable stay in Durrës.