---\ntitle: "Villa Themistokli"\ndescription: "Villa Themistokli emerges as a serene retreat, boasting garden views that promise a tranquil escape."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/55890159.jpg?k=adb33b88af21bc849940aa0389bddebd45a46e6559426765b64dc80b2a1dcd6c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-themistokli\naddress: "Blv Shen Gjergji 5, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61660568\n  lng: 20.7795158\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 116\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.3\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 8.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/55890159.jpg?k=adb33b88af21bc849940aa0389bddebd45a46e6559426765b64dc80b2a1dcd6c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51566034.jpg?k=ded42221723608d1e9ae324334a54a04473520005c4dc51314b93da56c7a287a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/180227393.jpg?k=6c320d93bfb678455080082e449305669266043d746909613ca92a02cddf8f6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/384245604.jpg?k=846153057fc2d1378bcd5fedb06b6e31da52426265703014a525522575d8e91a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/167081984.jpg?k=f952d471c2df03643e82af41bf9baf456ebb58f751b8cec97cc3b8975ab033fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/51566116.jpg?k=541f30ff33f594ed24bcd953121ba5454b94e1b07312726df20b655f77c0afdc&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Creperie Pedonale 20 m"\n  - "Cafe Helzag 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku Rinia 250 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 300 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 300 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 350 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 61 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stuart"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Excellent breakfast. Staff friendly and helpful. Location was close by centre of old town. Parking in front of house via steep access.”"\n  - name: "Burim"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Traditional quality breakfast, very tasty and delicisous.”"\n  - name: "Mark"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Villa Themistocles is a charming old house in central Körce. It’s about 1 kilometre from the main bus station, and also has within it a very pleasant restaurant, where breakfast is taken and which is open to the public for all three meals. Many...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-themistokli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Location"\nbestCategories: "Location"\ncategory: "Location"\n---\n\nThe property prides itself on offering free WiFi throughout, ensuring that guests remain connected, whether for leisure or work. The presence of a terrace and an on-site restaurant elevates the experience, allowing visitors to savor delightful meals without having to venture far.

Each unit within Villa Themistokli is thoughtfully equipped with a flat-screen TV, along with bed linen and towels, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay. For those who enjoy a leisurely drink, the guest house also features a bar, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration.

The garden at Villa Themistokli invites guests to relax and rejuvenate in a peaceful setting, making it an ideal spot for those looking to disconnect from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

For those interested in cultural excursions, the Monastery Saint Naum is located 43 km away, offering a glimpse into the region's rich heritage. Additionally, the Kastoria National Airport is conveniently 71 km from the property, facilitating easy access for travelers. Villa Themistokli stands out as a charming destination for those in pursuit of both relaxation and adventure.