---\ntitle: "~Villa Gloria~"\ndescription: "Villa Gloria stands out as a distinguished 3-star haven in Durrës, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465593943.jpg?k=395a8693cf5119d9b59256110a5208f0b561d1d1ecba4e60fc09d9b929c00fc9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-gloria\naddress: "Rruga Karl Topia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31418439\n  lng: 19.44565544\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 191\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465593943.jpg?k=395a8693cf5119d9b59256110a5208f0b561d1d1ecba4e60fc09d9b929c00fc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466154038.jpg?k=c0ea34f3268f106a0d555ac5ee689e7f95fa2001eb53144975ac85f9a59945e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466154232.jpg?k=75682049a80219080b56fd890511c049e0485101f7b766f64cbf1d8f739128bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466025491.jpg?k=309459971f15c2040fb3d56e9a7439460d3c84097f81e069cf992229c8e8ddb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466154128.jpg?k=b90a0927845c90172a82781b644cf13e3cd3330c7b20b5c1d2bc1399796bbc67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/503001003.jpg?k=0eacbd6ec5ed000b0d5ce73bf93a52a52dbf769270d0960847fec29c1da8dd23&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Economy Single Room"\n  - "Economy Twin Room"\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Eden 40 m"\n  - "Oborri 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 550 m"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 300 m"\n  - "1. Maj 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 450 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 750 m"\n  - "Bekimi 3.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 25 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Felix"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Directly in the City Center, close to shops, Cafés and Restaurants! Friendly staff!”"\n  - name: "Ines"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“the location was perfect...right by the central square. The hosts were very attentive and checked with me daily if I needed anything. My questions were always answered promptly. Comfortable room with balcony. Single bed gave a good night's sleep”"\n  - name: "Geoff"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Two brothers run the place Hospitality brilliance. On the main square in Durres no sign but next to Pizzari. Odeon restaurant.Great terrace and friendly bar and local people. Had leg injury so they helped me. Will return this is perfect for solo”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-gloria-durres2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Villa Gloria are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and complimentary WiFi, alongside practical features including a wardrobe, a private bathroom, and a balcony that presents a captivating city view. The added convenience of a fridge in every room enhances the overall guest experience.

Guests can enjoy the tranquility of the hotel's garden, relax on the terrace, or unwind at the bar, making Villa Gloria a versatile choice for both leisure and relaxation. The property's strategic location also places it within proximity to notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, adding to its appeal for those eager to explore the area's natural and cultural landmarks.

The hotel prides itself on its exceptional service, with a multilingual staff proficient in English and Albanian available around the clock at the reception to offer guidance and assistance, ensuring a seamless and enjoyable stay for all guests.

For travelers seeking a comfortable and convenient stay in Durrës, Villa Gloria emerges as a top choice, combining modern amenities with easy access to the city's most sought-after beaches and attractions.