---\ntitle: "Villa Pasha Tirane"\ndescription: "Villa Pasha Tirane emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant city of Tirana, offering a blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an escape or an adventure in Albania's capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-XwOCpChq3Mw/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/APJypA2rje7aTmiYotNvVPSj0ywOk-ya4A/s96-c/photo.jpg64"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-pasha-tirane\naddress: "Rruga Alajdin Frasheri, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32858409\n  lng: 19.87856182\nprice: "US$156"\npriceFrom: 156\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 1\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-XwOCpChq3Mw/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/APJypA2rje7aTmiYotNvVPSj0ywOk-ya4A/s96-c/photo.jpg64"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/static/img/flags/12/al/fb2cbf96bcebc05e7b4b8c533c756c27197c23dd.png"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520753298.jpg?k=a95b2ea44248acbd0a02bfacca3b23bab925180856e8a257094d96dfcf1899b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520753341.jpg?k=ffa54494570dabff57228f68c3d319d98063738570c3556b62391006853f8218&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520753344.jpg?k=adc53c765e2658dd8fa73d708c3be1fbfdd736fbf64e2ea5a480219ffceb193b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520753351.jpg?k=5e8d114baeb94310a1e226bac1dbd5cebe5f0ea790dfc9ee8dca9c2840be24f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520753353.jpg?k=d3e504d25c449a4e0ec31c523ec13fc0c7c60badf2d803e1e96159d85dbe338e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/520753356.jpg?k=33d64ddf4d749c9d14d32e197d0fcb69e4a917dc2b6166a6904c16e77588bc1b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Villa"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 4.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 4.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 4.9 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 5 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Lokal Dasmash 900 m"\n  - "Crown Bar 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Banesat Sociale 1.3 km"\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Surrel 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 4.2 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 4.3 km"\n  - "Parku I Madh 4.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 15 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 74 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anderrjon"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Highly recommend! Bigger than we expected! Very clean and amazing view”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-pasha-tirane-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis exquisite property boasts a spacious balcony and a terrace that opens up to mesmerizing garden views, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation or a morning cup of coffee. The villa, designed with non-smokers in mind, ensures a clean and fresh environment throughout the stay. Guests arriving by car will appreciate the complimentary private parking, and staying connected is effortless with the free WiFi available throughout the premises.

Accommodation at Villa Pasha Tirane includes an air-conditioned villa with five well-appointed bedrooms, catering to families or groups looking for a comfortable and private setting. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to prepare meals with ease, adding a touch of homeliness to the travel experience. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, ensuring leisure moments are well spent.

For those intrigued by cultural explorations, the villa's proximity to the Bektashi World Centre and the Bunk'Art 1 Museum offers a glimpse into Albania's rich history and unique heritage. Moreover, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located a mere 4.4 km away, provides an opportunity for an unforgettable journey to the mountain tops, offering panoramic views of the surrounding landscapes.

Conveniently situated 20 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Villa Pasha Tirane serves as an ideal base for both international travelers and those looking to discover the local attractions. This villa not only promises a stay filled with comfort and tranquility but also provides easy access to explore the enchanting sights and sounds of Tirana.