---\ntitle: "Villa August Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa August Ksamil stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps from the sandy shores of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387483808.jpg?k=12242abe9af16d66091c1e79acd9285bb9577c7007adc397517f8a4345e6d79f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-august-ksamil\naddress: "Lagjia Nr 2, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77041285\n  lng: 20.00427157\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 131\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387483808.jpg?k=12242abe9af16d66091c1e79acd9285bb9577c7007adc397517f8a4345e6d79f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387583402.jpg?k=909432787fdd835b6a82f37fee36971e3cbf5b102055f5b64299f6b44e1a3f4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387584036.jpg?k=5db3dc227df6fc11857bc9607414d18cf8435e22ba64b272a0c1f797a0ae42ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387493473.jpg?k=98cdb88bdccabbbe1f9fb7dfd19d1fa31202a33a0264a781b00dfed186311024&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387484494.jpg?k=9a2ac4512a4b720db3512ab2f7cddb38dc1b6cee78ddc403b75242ce6454a89d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387588150.jpg?k=8030529ca4b6ab13c6f3a8888d86f05a7786303b2727fea26e9dd95dfdc1d662&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/54259589.jpg?k=e0377cc02f5a5abd9cbc1eef634d8e78626e5b2c0e7e768f25a1b3cbe9d6807c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/387583204.jpg?k=e56bdfd6af022b942d9ceef360e2e4eab7a74e3c550a5dd42fe0095014a32954&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527996014.jpg?k=eca3e7a15b45bf4cedec43d78e056d5c61c7703a9f30421e7c513c981375d4e7&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kancelari Mondi 50 m"\n  - "Angels Garden 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Yordan"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Very helpful and kind hosts. Good location close to the beach. I recommend this place.”"\n  - name: "Jj"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“- very friendly and accommodating owners/staff who stayed up when our flight got in late and made sure we could check in at about 1.30am in the morning
- strong air-conditioning - nice strong shower water pressure - basic but very clean
- great...”"\n  - name: "Stefanie"\n    country: "Malaysia"\n    text: "“The sweetest owners. Very spacious rooms, very clean. Kitchen is well equipped. A nice terrace outdoors where you'll get fresh coffee and can relax.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-august-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa August Ksamil are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each unit features a cozy seating area equipped with a sofa and flat-screen TV, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area allows guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish, adding a touch of home to their stay. Private bathrooms are well-appointed with modern showers and hairdryers, while views from the rooms capture the serene garden and majestic mountains. Select units boast the added luxury of sea views, elevating the guest experience.

The property doesn't stop at providing excellent rooms; a shared laundry area is available, adding to the convenience for longer stays. The inclusion of a lush garden and complimentary private parking on-site further enhances the appeal of Villa August Ksamil, making it an excellent base for exploring the surrounding area.

For those intrigued by history and nature, the proximity to Butrint National Park, just 2 km away, and the ancient city remains of Butrint, located 4 km from the guesthouse, offers a unique opportunity to explore Albania's rich cultural heritage and natural beauty.

Villa August Ksamil emerges as a top recommendation for travelers who value comfort, convenience, and the opportunity to immerse themselves in the local culture and natural wonders of Ksamil.