---\ntitle: "Villas Jezerca"\ndescription: "Villas Jezerca, located in the serene Valbonë valley, offers a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty for travelers seeking a tranquil retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185596233.jpg?k=092c3099e6a74bafd9e81eacac4a279a83323a3798747ff066c7861cf8977c07&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villas-jezerca\naddress: "Rruga Azem Hajdari Valbone, 8702 Valbonë, Albania"\ncity: "Valbonë"\nlocation: "Valbonë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.45288464\n  lng: 19.89471137\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 1036\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 4.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/185596233.jpg?k=092c3099e6a74bafd9e81eacac4a279a83323a3798747ff066c7861cf8977c07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304734154.jpg?k=169c3154fa85f136f8d032e3432674645ddf3c54735723ec7b56e6779d7a2315&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/198946776.jpg?k=988e0a23b33dff89c7e085c7e95fc95929a319ae1d083d3c2dcfa41edc61bbf1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304735367.jpg?k=e8319de3f10b4a8c30cb98962d9639d3f149f260b9352d4a653b8a4d091cdb95&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347867996.jpg?k=4be61d6a62f4de0b72e83d93b641c036384bd919e67badd4730e2ddbac9ef4ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347859928.jpg?k=b80fe3949b570461d383aec35e281800fe2589baded28af45057effa20f56411&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304732901.jpg?k=a7189f2859a650f63388ad5cf465bc0cb499cfd2eae04deea788d7a7024e5ede&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/348815131.jpg?k=0fcdfa02a7535de9d1b4c267f955784d203a50ead5dfa6792a2f11808db3b650&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/304736657.jpg?k=14982f75cac696ed8fa7aabf3b74cdb1d7602210443b87504bf570bfeaaf9453&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Park View"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Double Room with Park View"\n  - "Double Room with Park View"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\n  - "Holiday Home"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tahirs Café & Guesthouse 150 m"\n  - "Hotel- Relax Valbona 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 1.6 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 3.2 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 5 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 9 km"\n  - "Theth National Park 10 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 10 km"\n  - "Nacionalni park Prokletije 13 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 53 km"\n  - "Pristina International Airport 94 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jorge"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The cabins were beautiful and the views are amazing. Everything was very clean and well equipped. Geourgeus area surrounded by the mountains and with friendly ducks in the field. This is a family business and they are super friendly, welcoming and...”"\n  - name: "Daiva"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We booked wooden chalet fot Christmas time. So lovely, quit place with mountain view and garden. We really enjoyed that view! The food was home cooked, organic, delicious! We understand that business just starting, so not everything is perfect...”"\n  - name: "Adriatik"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very well organised with lots of space, very nice shower. Very Good food at the restaurant.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villas-jezerca.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villas Jezerca boast a variety of amenities designed to cater to the needs of every guest. Select units feature a private entrance, ensuring a sense of exclusivity and privacy. Each is well-equipped with a desk and wardrobe, with certain units also offering a cozy seating area and/or a balcony complete with an outdoor dining space. For added convenience, all units come with a private bathroom.

The property doesn't just excel in providing comfortable lodging; it also offers a range of facilities to enhance guests' stays. A sun terrace invites guests to bask in the warmth of the sun, while complimentary WiFi and private parking ensure that practical needs are effortlessly met.

Dining at Villas Jezerca is an experience in itself. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests with a family-friendly atmosphere and serves a variety of meals, from dinner and brunch to cocktails and high tea, catering to diverse palates and preferences.

For those eager to explore the surrounding area, Villas Jezerca offers sightseeing tours, making it easy to discover the beauty of Valbonë. Additionally, a picnic area is available for guests looking to enjoy a day outdoors amidst the stunning natural landscape.

Located 138 km from Pristina International Airport, Villas Jezerca also provides a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free journey to and from the property. This holiday home stands out as a prime choice for travelers in search of a peaceful getaway enveloped in nature's embrace.