---\ntitle: "Villa Mehmeti"\ndescription: "Villa Mehmeti emerges as a charming choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365218183.jpg?k=520ce099fb20905a40235b93bdca8a221b2c7675d434281734acf4c93de72ded&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-mehmeti\naddress: "Rruga 40 Shenjtorët, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87020098\n  lng: 20.0253088\nprice: "US$30"\npriceFrom: 30\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 43\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365218183.jpg?k=520ce099fb20905a40235b93bdca8a221b2c7675d434281734acf4c93de72ded&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371327455.jpg?k=ff211516922e2a22ed71df4402dc38e4567199e8cb1b88bb56c9c519a74be0c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360066201.jpg?k=e28e439fbac341ff559edf93d95cc807548d498581463faa0d0ceda7f0819c29&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/374423479.jpg?k=6e283c1c02a0e2eef59e99a468ed5c01ac741b741c5290f75b9ccb44921f0442&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365925823.jpg?k=93911cfeed3e72951a1f48d27114fda39bd78d3d438d13801698079969e6647d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360065966.jpg?k=df40b1b84fe16f42fd8836e5059f242f056c4220e2211ed43909a33fc1f4531f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 950 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1,000 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 1.4 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Athanasia"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Very convenient location, beautiful room and the guests are very friendly and nice people”"\n  - name: "Bina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very helpful staff and has a nice night view. Room was clean and comfortable bed.”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The lady running the villa is the best. She made the stay by all means. Rooms are nice, good airco , new bathrooms, good beds, rooms are clean and cleaned during the stay, little bar with good espresso and some drinks. Locations is outside the...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-mehmeti-sarande12.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Mehmeti are thoughtfully designed to ensure guests' comfort and satisfaction. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a fully equipped kitchen, and a dining area. The private bathrooms come stocked with complimentary toiletries, a shower, and a hairdryer, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. For added convenience, rooms include a coffee machine, and select accommodations feature a balcony or pool views, enhancing the stay with picturesque surroundings. Guests can also expect the comfort of quality bed linen and towels during their stay.

Beyond the rooms, Villa Mehmeti caters to families with a children's playground and offers opportunities for outdoor enthusiasts with its bike and car hire services, perfect for those looking to explore the scenic cycling routes in the area. 

Located a short distance from VIP Beach and the historic Butrint National Park, Villa Mehmeti serves as a gateway to the natural and cultural treasures of Sarandë. For guests arriving by air, the property is 95 km from Ioannina Airport, with a convenient paid airport shuttle service available to ensure a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Villa Mehmeti stands as a testament to the blend of hospitality and adventure, offering a comfortable and engaging stay for travelers venturing to the beautiful coast of Sarandë.