---\ntitle: "VILLA PERMET"\ndescription: "Villa Permet stands out as a distinguished 4-star haven in Përmet, offering guests an exceptional blend of comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425512890.jpg?k=a95a8447b51a19daeaa4ce8e96dfb533c8562a3b308a2b77e256705190bbc017&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-permet\naddress: "RRUGA 13 SHTATORI, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.23099936\n  lng: 20.35207632\nprice: "US$47"\npriceFrom: 47\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 523\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425512890.jpg?k=a95a8447b51a19daeaa4ce8e96dfb533c8562a3b308a2b77e256705190bbc017&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425283912.jpg?k=ee12b10683dcbc7be3dbfec9ea50dcc402726da8b869c173a267f76e50312a6e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426171558.jpg?k=f3851afd76e5ef333e1c7a1db9f123fdfddf069c5832d9dbdf2e5be2ed19866a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425501077.jpg?k=43b1ea68943e1ec157144d37d5d593dbc43c14c6f2f8173cc9f0ab38fe4f6333&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267765964.jpg?k=720299be4d0564db808ade796b9c64fab386e1d3bdb7c664e7b841fd6547c1b2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425835752.jpg?k=fe56b2db7a9406ef657f6ef88cd1ed90a67edf6b7da1320203bab15acf2e6fac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267752723.jpg?k=0b346df495f9f235d1e415f29c37b21fab00633895d36e8d9e122ddf5961392c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/267765874.jpg?k=120c2afe269fe81a6dd8bb53a2199d65f261a39fe1c4810f6838086c32925c0a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/268280463.jpg?k=a0374108363f976a3575b161b5a3638bd2eea30f917fb8c8ba71c68e333fbb78&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\n  - "Superior Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with City View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cabeli 100 m"\n  - "Officina G.A.T. ( Gelateria Artigianale Tirana) 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 78 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 82 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic location on the hill overlooking Permet. We checked in on a rainy day and enjoyed the storm from our huge bedroom windows. Espresso machine in the room was a nice bonus. Huge and comfortable bed. Good water pressure. Free parking,...”"\n  - name: "Orjald"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great location, very clean, very helpful staff and very delicious food”"\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Amazing stuff, very clean and nice rooms and absolutely excellent experience!!!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-permet.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Permet are nothing short of luxurious, with each guest room thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities such as air conditioning, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a minibar, and a kettle. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, where guests will find a bidet, complimentary toiletries, and a shower, complemented by a hairdryer for added convenience. Free WiFi is accessible throughout the hotel, ensuring guests stay connected, and select rooms boast a captivating city view, adding a touch of charm to the stay. Comfort is paramount, with each room also providing crisp bed linen and soft towels.

The hotel's commitment to service is evident through its multilingual staff, ready to offer assistance and guidance 24/7 in English, Italian, and Albanian. Whether it's navigating the local area or making the most of the hotel's amenities, including bike hire for those keen to explore the surrounding beauty, guests are well-supported throughout their stay.

Located 90 km from Ioannina Airport, Villa Permet is an accessible retreat for travelers seeking a blend of relaxation and adventure. Whether it's for the impeccable service, the array of facilities, or the serene ambiance, Villa Permet is a choice that promises to enhance any visit to Përmet.