---\ntitle: "Villa Yseni"\ndescription: "Villa Yseni emerges as a recently renovated gem in Orikum, offering a serene garden setting complemented by breathtaking mountain views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488388621.jpg?k=22d53eeaf06731964320c1fd195c3810194d6dae417ca409065356189214d4f9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-yseni\naddress: "Rruga Demokracia, 9426 Orikum, Albania"\ncity: "Orikum"\nlocation: "Orikum"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.32503478\n  lng: 19.47191329\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 14\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488388621.jpg?k=22d53eeaf06731964320c1fd195c3810194d6dae417ca409065356189214d4f9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488388688.jpg?k=fb9624f2b62110ef13e67fac73f8f6336df40649f8b9a126cf10f195ab4d494b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469044030.jpg?k=55e4d1675524405d6a46d8c689775b6761bf4a72e50233e40229e5c094445c93&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488389594.jpg?k=0d5331dd7f0ccf16c63729840ec83c79de83769bdf0ff8d38634f617495d829c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488389287.jpg?k=94071595197b81605a31c15ef13f39d96524bf84257fa823bd074ea5c9dccbe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489918327.jpg?k=8653d17a32e24505c268061384d19e87535c9a514fa7f4ec251dcbf773fa491b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489918318.jpg?k=5af0c8714cc178cab126332c6e67a0825ecc234a271c1481c087d6e302e9d0d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/488389370.jpg?k=53e4839f912fb152b2fae404a8a4a787bfbda8998f7898591a139f19aae31f1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489918322.jpg?k=d0466a5668e5c50d1cda5fece85ec0455724e34920f9796822b3f632738bf246&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mats Beach Bar and Cafe 40 m"\n  - "Las Bello 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Orikum Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Nettuno Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Baro Beach 1.9 km"\n  - "Al Breeze Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Radhimë Beach 3.2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 13 km"\n  - "Llogora National Park 13 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 16 km"\n  - "Independence Square 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 88 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Maša"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“The bed is super comfortable, shower was nice and big, there is also a washing machine available in the bathroom.”"\n  - name: "Maurycy"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment is very clean, very nicely renovated, it has a feeling of freshness to it. It's done with taste, the bathroom is very nice. The view from the window is very beautiful, even through on the first sight you see some not so beautiful...”"\n  - name: "Jürgen"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very clean and spacious. Beds were super comfortable, mosquito repellent everywhere on the windows and a quiet house. Only to be recommended”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-yseni-orikum1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Yseni are treated to a range of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The apartment boasts a terrace that opens up to captivating sea views, providing an ideal backdrop for relaxation or dining al fresco. Comfort is prioritized with a cozy seating area, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a fridge and stovetop, catering to guests' culinary needs. The provision of a private bathroom equipped with a bath and a hairdryer adds to the convenience, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience.

Connectivity is seamless at Villa Yseni, with free WiFi accessible throughout the property. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a balcony, offering guests their private oasis. Attention to detail is evident in the inclusion of bed linen and towels in all units, underscoring the apartment complex's commitment to guest comfort.

For those looking to explore beyond the apartment, Baro Beach is located just 2.4 km away, offering another picturesque locale for beach enthusiasts. The historic Kuzum Baba is 18 km from the property, presenting an opportunity for cultural exploration. For guests traveling by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is situated 168 km from Villa Yseni, making it a reachable destination for both local and international travelers.

Villa Yseni stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that combines modern comforts with natural beauty, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking a peaceful retreat with easy access to beachside bliss and cultural landmarks.