---\ntitle: "Villa Filip"\ndescription: "Villa Filip, located in the charming village of Vuno, presents a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149311986.jpg?k=d651b71592ad85f3df637713c17c369e030a7360dae152fbeeb2654c360fb41b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-filip\naddress: "Vuno, 9425 Vuno, Albania"\ncity: "Vuno"\nlocation: "Vuno"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.14167257\n  lng: 19.68931317\nprice: "US$32"\npriceFrom: 32\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 152\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 7.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149311986.jpg?k=d651b71592ad85f3df637713c17c369e030a7360dae152fbeeb2654c360fb41b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149176452.jpg?k=26180a614aa009dfd2e9fe0168edc62c530a80b3515a6f25d8751d6198a4ba5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149311497.jpg?k=adb9016a4e21982ebbef1c50c6119f11828092b136f054913718bc629c2c1ba6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149175823.jpg?k=80a8b8d46f06ff8d6193751bd2859a7e4b29addbade2edc0c465e4d7e845d9e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/149176560.jpg?k=c1559843b0939cc5d610c0f44636f4b0105a8165952b07f4525758b720c7f011&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/291055584.jpg?k=edf56e35fc7b8b6c8e4d7726e2aac6173859f3c8f27f3cac33d4658fec14f773&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Good free WiFi (33 Mbps)"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Studio with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marko Vuno 450 m"\n  - "Bar restorant 2.2 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Beach Me Shpella 2.1 km"\n  - "Gjipe Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Folie Marine Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2.5 km"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 3.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 62 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gal"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Filip is a great guy and we highly recommend staying in his villa. We also had breakfast and dinner there prepared by him and his wife. The view from the villa is beautiful
Price/performance 11/10 (beyond excellent)”"\n  - name: "Gjoka"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Wonderful hospitality from the owners (Filip and Rita).
We felt like at home. Amazing view and delicious food!
100% recommended!”"\n  - name: "Leigh"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Everything! The room was clean and comfortable, and the view was amazing. Filip was kind and attentive and cooked great meals. We loved every minute there. We will definitely be back!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/rooms-amp-studios-filip.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Filip are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a restful environment regardless of the weather. The convenience of complimentary private parking and WiFi access throughout the property adds to the hassle-free experience for every guest.

The attention to detail extends to the guest rooms, each featuring ample storage with a wardrobe. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with every unit boasting a private bathroom fitted with a modern walk-in shower. Select rooms elevate the experience further with a terrace for personal enjoyment, while others offer the added delight of sea views, allowing guests to wake up to the breathtaking beauty of Vuno.

Dining at Villa Filip is a culinary adventure, with a continental breakfast offering a variety of options including fresh juice and cheese. The on-site restaurant welcomes guests for meals throughout the day, from dinner and lunch to brunch and cocktails, in a family-friendly atmosphere that caters to all palates.

Situated 153 km from Ioannina Airport, Villa Filip provides a perfect base for exploring the surrounding area or simply unwinding in a picturesque setting. This guest house is an ideal choice for travelers looking for a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm.