---\ntitle: "Villa Bianca"\ndescription: "Villa Bianca emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, situated 26 km from the vibrant Skanderbeg Square in Rubjekë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306185098.jpg?k=aa633c61e50bc99a1bcb5dddfc4967345f116d4d20b5c1589bbd728d8cc8bab8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-bianca\naddress: "2020 Rubjekë, Albania"\ncity: "Rubjekë"\nlocation: "Rubjekë"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.39154917\n  lng: 19.5989113\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 263\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306185098.jpg?k=aa633c61e50bc99a1bcb5dddfc4967345f116d4d20b5c1589bbd728d8cc8bab8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297875707.jpg?k=a37ec53f88dce420a28444abe3827acac638480da1fdd585ed2ab5c4e3df3570&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297874839.jpg?k=578605f637a17db16ffe9f88ebdc682c91aca4930115d3a6c369521d2170075e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306187400.jpg?k=4e47bd5d58091ca1c56cfe4bda8f7e47b559914502fdce0f9af894c168bef520&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306181846.jpg?k=e8da1ab435b5d5e759e50e2da06d2f7f7d664df3693850106230a870d70c1697&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479805388.jpg?k=6ee954a70f7b0f78b0d54bcef53b0b2d73cadc43f4331f8cf163f264f721b93c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462107546.jpg?k=fbceef90073060eae56b8d64a5aab77e09083eb10361d092245fd4def25da79b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462122707.jpg?k=9bb8482aac46fb5a0a7b55ad8d121443f38f949f98dd25a144dbad62fce84b06&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/297870531.jpg?k=ddaaaf02e0d5a390fa74c83189358d704f6cf3c0cb91983422412f97c6af293e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Facilities for disabled guests"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Garden View"\n  - "Deluxe Twin Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Triple Room with Pool View"\n  - "Triple Room with Garden View"\n  - "Family Bungalow"\n  - "Suite with Spa Access"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 20 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 20 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 20 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 20 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 20 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Varka 250 m"\n  - "Kompleksi Geardino 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 15 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 15 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 15 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 15 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 16 km"\n  - "1. Maj 16 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 17 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 17 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 98 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Clean place with a caring staff. All needs were heard and carried out.”"\n  - name: "Samantha"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“We had an amazing stay at Villa Bianca. The staff made us feel very welcome and were so personable and sweet. They went out of their way for us and nothing was too much to ask.”"\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Beautiful hotel with very nice staf. It is lokated in a small vilage so you can find there quiet. In hotel is pool with clear water.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/sunset-inn.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Resort Experience"\nbestCategories: "Resort Experience"\ncategory: "Resort Experience"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Villa Bianca are designed with guest comfort in mind, featuring air conditioning, a cozy seating area, and a flat-screen TV with cable channels for entertainment. Safety is prioritized with in-room deposit boxes, and the private bathrooms come equipped with a bidet, hairdryer, and slippers for added convenience. Select rooms elevate the experience further, offering kitchens complete with a dishwasher, oven, and microwave, alongside a fridge for personal use.

Culinary delights await at Villa Bianca, where a daily buffet, continental, or Italian breakfast sets the tone for the day. The on-site restaurant prides itself on a diverse menu that includes Italian, Pizza, and Seafood dishes, with vegetarian, halal, and vegan options readily available upon request.

For families, the resort's children's playground offers a safe and fun environment for younger guests to enjoy. Positioned strategically, Villa Bianca is within reach of notable attractions, including the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, 29 km away, and the Rock of Kavaje, 23 km from the property. For those traveling by air, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 18 km away, making Villa Bianca an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers alike.