---\ntitle: "Villa Shpetimi"\ndescription: "Villa Shpetimi emerges as a standout accommodation choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723539.jpg?k=7fa1519a2534d4582c2192b50277c21140b334a0fabd6583bc8ff1e8019dc005&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-shpetimi\naddress: "Rr. Laberia, Rr Sali Nivica, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76212595\n  lng: 19.9995834\nprice: "US$50"\npriceFrom: 50\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.7\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 121\nratings:\n  overall: 8.7\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 8.1\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723539.jpg?k=7fa1519a2534d4582c2192b50277c21140b334a0fabd6583bc8ff1e8019dc005&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/448441753.jpg?k=e6472aef7ccc501c43d0f5fd47aca71745c04fddff4154163ad5156f4c8730b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723503.jpg?k=53a488df3caf48afc5a3b2b36ee5685c9b50e6809fc19de445b4c1592c8fbee9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723512.jpg?k=f6d9c6e2835130d6d4fd0e24c19104d93a4c79230f69233af7b743baf18c76e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723515.jpg?k=a8b088b8f38426d00cc8e9782127be6bef7a2b0311f19a1ecd9a61bf2ea9f7dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/499723518.jpg?k=defda0e757c3a91c1b3a6931e19fbf173417d8228cd9a6ac4cb2e079301f96b0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard Quadruple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Triple Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "Penthouse Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 17 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 18 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 250 m"\n  - "Mario Seafood 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 600 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 600 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 700 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 1,000 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4.2 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 16 km"\n  - "Public Garden 16 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 16 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 16 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 18 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Anurag"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“We loved the breakfast. And room was really clean.”"\n  - name: "Ahmad"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very good even they give you everything you can cook you own breakfast big nice kitchen they have”"\n  - name: "Ariadne"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very lovely location at the periphery of town, but short walk (about 1km) to the south of Ksamil which is much more quiet than the center/north, which we liked since we could run to the different beaches and it is also close to butrint (about...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-shpetimi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Shpetimi are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. The property boasts free private parking, ensuring ease of access for those arriving by car, and a 24-hour front desk, providing round-the-clock assistance to meet all guest needs. Complimentary WiFi throughout the premises allows visitors to stay connected and share their experiences with loved ones.

Accommodations at Villa Shpetimi are thoughtfully appointed to ensure a comfortable stay. Select units feature a private bathroom and a balcony, offering guests a peaceful retreat to unwind after a day of exploration. The apartment complex caters to families with spacious family rooms, making it an excellent choice for those traveling with children.

Dining at Villa Shpetimi is a delightful experience, with a buffet and continental breakfast served each morning. The offerings include a variety of fruits, juices, and cheeses to start the day on a refreshing note. The on-site restaurant, specializing in Greek cuisine, welcomes guests for lunch and dinner, promising a culinary journey with every meal.

For those looking to explore the local area, sightseeing tours are readily available, providing an opportunity to discover the rich history and natural beauty surrounding the property. Butrint National Park, a site of significant archaeological interest, is just a short drive away, offering a fascinating excursion for history enthusiasts.

Located 92 km from Corfu International Airport, Villa Shpetimi facilitates travel arrangements with a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless journey to and from the property.

In summary, Villa Shpetimi stands out as a premier choice for travelers to Ksamil, offering a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and culinary delights, all set against the backdrop of Albania's stunning coastal landscape.