---\ntitle: "Villa Viktor"\ndescription: "Villa Viktor emerges as a charming retreat in Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its prime beachfront location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193280305.jpg?k=84f9ca568bf3037a7d9f533f42f0d49a97f8dc1d06ede0bba791eae7f6846810&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-viktor\naddress: "Sheshi Europa, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8705285\n  lng: 20.00014046\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 1\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 151\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193280305.jpg?k=84f9ca568bf3037a7d9f533f42f0d49a97f8dc1d06ede0bba791eae7f6846810&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193284689.jpg?k=14bd4e18aadabfc617cf889b5e9e4ca4ba61924f755aa5c0131aaa4786fda5a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193282979.jpg?k=325a4c49c53603d4959fa3f713c445904f10ea39510e3fe8ecefd8f11f7fa65b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193285924.jpg?k=e6a7a93f1fa2b0dc8bad305ae612c3ffc37e2cef0919c1fadfbd6a66f7ef7bf6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193285678.jpg?k=1c72d9acaf1bb1914d780ac5baf55dd40698340bd3d092d901e4c67cbea36cb4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/193285468.jpg?k=8d265aebe2c1dacba380d9ab0a47b7722ffd650e661b515c1daa137c8fd884b8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Standard Studio"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Studio Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Piccolino Beach 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Laberia 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 150 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 850 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.5 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Toni"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“An excellent value property and superb hosts! The hosts were exceptional - we were very warmly welcomed even after getting a little lost and needing help with directions, they helped us to our room in the rain, shared restaurant recommendations...”"\n  - name: "K"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host and the property were excellent and location couldn’t have been better. Lovely spot.”"\n  - name: "Ricardo"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The host were really friendly, welcome, gave me great advices and helped me with any Question or problem that i had. The appartment was well cleaned, well situated, peacefull neighboorhood, great A/C, nice bedroom and bathroom. I really recommend...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-viktor.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis 1-star apartment complex doesn't skimp on the essentials; guests can expect well-appointed units featuring modern conveniences such as kettles, private bathrooms equipped with bidets and hair dryers, flat-screen TVs, and air conditioning. Select rooms elevate the experience further with additional seating areas, ensuring a comfortable stay. To make guests feel at home, each unit is thoughtfully supplied with fresh bed linen and towels.

For those looking to explore the local area, Villa Viktor is ideally located. The property is a haven for fishing enthusiasts and those eager to immerse themselves in the outdoors, with car hire services readily available for further exploration. A picnic area within the complex offers the perfect setting for a leisurely day under the sun.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Villa Viktor serves as an excellent base for discovering nearby attractions. La Petite Beach is within easy reach, located just 1.9 km away, while the historic Butrint National Park is a mere 17 km from the doorstep, promising a blend of natural beauty and ancient history. For guests arriving by air, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 97 km from the accommodation.

Villa Viktor thus presents itself as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a peaceful beachside escape with the comforts of home and the convenience of easy access to Sarandë's most beloved sights.