---\ntitle: "Villa Roku"\ndescription: "Villa Roku emerges as a charming retreat in the heart of Ksamil, a stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach 9 and the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211213667.jpg?k=e29acc1f45363ee180be7a4e8981bc878e260c9c2644f1972eb397477adc3d88&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-roku\naddress: "rruga butrinti, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76652595\n  lng: 20.0029184\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 16\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211213667.jpg?k=e29acc1f45363ee180be7a4e8981bc878e260c9c2644f1972eb397477adc3d88&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264069141.jpg?k=148d9aa84e93c43bb10455cba7a97492c57a213f249920aea8c82100b5eb09ed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211213606.jpg?k=6ac1db7772e21b390bafbe115b45205e7e747269c86faf93e026c07196410ccb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/141259396.jpg?k=8c26aa9a518cef749e4a2f664489f635f02710169e482b36d4ebe7f7cc687cf8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264069320.jpg?k=a7eca360a38cee41a6d19805ef89e6a1b91521852df78ddcffad6ca2d068d547&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211213582.jpg?k=57286f4104e3ea453ff933a9964efd6a8248d3f5000ce391312e8507bee1aed2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264069751.jpg?k=8fcc3286e239d09c9c8f42c08142fcfc23364f961bbcbcbbb1c61a89aaf9d213&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264069661.jpg?k=12545b0e9860b32ea0ab73bd6a8b262fa87f7fff320db991d9274a4f4abb1a23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/264069602.jpg?k=7264c007c1dff8e391d7f4cf4dfc0646202c62d92cda78ceb2e0ab449c084e55&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 100 m"\n  - "Taverna Zgara Tradicionale 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 400 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 100 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.7 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sergio"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Really nice room and the owner was helpful and nice”"\n  - name: "Sylvia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The room was had a lot of space. Really nice balcony and the beds where really confortable. The employees where always available for anything needed and also very pleasant.
Very close to all shops ans restaurants and also the beach.”"\n  - name: "Maria"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Die Besitzer sind sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guest-house-roku.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Roku are treated to modern amenities in a cozy setting. Each room is equipped with complimentary WiFi, a flat-screen TV, and a washing machine, ensuring a comfortable stay. The addition of a fully equipped kitchenette with a fridge in each room adds a touch of home, while the provision of fresh towels and bed linen underscores the guest house's attention to detail. Comfort is further enhanced by air conditioning, heating, and private bathrooms, catering to guests' needs across seasons.

The outdoor amenities at Villa Roku are equally impressive. A well-maintained garden invites guests to unwind in nature's lap, while a shared lounge provides a space for socializing. The property boasts a barbecue and an outdoor fireplace, perfect for evening gatherings under the stars. The sun terrace, offering a panoramic view of the city, is an ideal spot for guests to relax and soak in the sun.

Situated just 2.4 km from the enchanting Butrint National Park and 92 km from Corfu International Airport, Villa Roku serves as an excellent base for exploring the natural and cultural riches of the region.

Villa Roku stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm in Ksamil.