---\ntitle: "Villa 27 Residence"\ndescription: "Villa 27 Residence emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216085257.jpg?k=c01b05d44aca0d2b1cf79072abf9dbc045dd79492da7d801d6f5b4789a3932ac&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-27-residence\naddress: "Rruga Jorgjia Truja Nr 27 , 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32225003\n  lng: 19.83536132\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.2\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 496\nratings:\n  overall: 8.2\n  location: 7.7\n  cleanliness: 8\n  facilities: 7.7\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/216085257.jpg?k=c01b05d44aca0d2b1cf79072abf9dbc045dd79492da7d801d6f5b4789a3932ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211461455.jpg?k=c931c4bd6f330fff0270ea81765f1bf00099d280c086b503d356633933e32635&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/213123987.jpg?k=3432392acc8f6fd2dce24b30067f428018fef0518a955deb84591b287bb63f43&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108166074.jpg?k=25ab0f8ee6052e2b8dabcab16b71c1251aad2b7d945912fea122632be178fcf0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/163011367.jpg?k=edadd055a1fa355cb806e9870499baa726c6946e68993af93ac5ce20d96f762e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/211461465.jpg?k=512381fbd69ec3f200329235a3f731bf09f1a1eda7e9588a0e0009dd495457d8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Superior Studio"\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.7 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Iris 100 m"\n  - "Bistro Pizzeria 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 850 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh 850 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 1.1 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.3 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 77 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diabate"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“The host and his wife speak very good English this is a big plus .
I was lost when I arrived in Tirana the owner came to pick me to villa27 .
The apartment was great to me ,the heat was opering well.”"\n  - name: "Hugo"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The most amazing owners. Made me feel so at home. Extremely kind and went out of there way to make me feel comfortable”"\n  - name: "Çiftçi"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“The Villa 27 Residence was comfortable and the owner was helpful.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-arben.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Villa 27 Residence are thoughtfully designed to cater to various needs. Select apartments boast private entrances, ensuring an exclusive and uninterrupted stay. Each unit is well-appointed with essentials such as a desk, wardrobe, and for added comfort, air conditioning. Entertainment and convenience are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, washing machine, and kettle, alongside a fully equipped kitchen in some units. Notably, soundproofing in certain apartments ensures that guests enjoy peace and tranquility throughout their stay.

For moments of relaxation, the property offers a serene garden space, inviting guests to unwind in a peaceful setting.

Villa 27 Residence is ideally situated near several of Tirana's key landmarks, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, and Saint Paul Cathedral, making it a strategic base for cultural exploration. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 17 km away, adds to the convenience for international travelers. This property stands as a testament to thoughtful hospitality, where every detail is designed to enhance the guest experience.