---\ntitle: "Villa Rejan"\ndescription: "Villa Rejan stands out as a serene retreat for travelers seeking both tranquility and convenience in Pogradec."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484787089.jpg?k=0eb3dd4be80837f290eef2727dafb839faa55811ef6a70cb27fb90d039302288&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-rejan\naddress: "udenisht, 7305 Pogradec, Albania"\ncity: "Pogradec"\nlocation: "Pogradec"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.96822086\n  lng: 20.64211996\nprice: "US$24"\npriceFrom: 24\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 5\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484787089.jpg?k=0eb3dd4be80837f290eef2727dafb839faa55811ef6a70cb27fb90d039302288&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484787008.jpg?k=d93a8f1f0f71b18bd5abeec522f38d71c94c804c78f62456385290cdf14b3fa9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484790247.jpg?k=000fe0b2b766cf6dda23afb14f24da40b265c589dc86c38b0571fdfa625022eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484790270.jpg?k=6e683aea9772d411880f79b8a75fecfdb6acf20eb860e5352b961431f28b0aa2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/484790281.jpg?k=8a9b34ffa1072df3841a68a418d2652a2d182d9ecac3cf84646e5e9ba66c051d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487028024.jpg?k=c7ad5eb564a5ecb1e5416443fbee3c216343f6de0dcc30c8028316b80c0292ac&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (43 Mbps)"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Rrema 150 m"\n  - "Herges 650 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Driloni National Park 8 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 10 km"\n  - "Bay of Bones 14 km"\n  - "National Park Galicica 14 km"\n  - "Remains of Via Egnatia 15 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ohrid Airport 23 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 78 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 90 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rupert"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“We had a fabulous stay! The family are so friendly, helpful and wonderful people”"\n  - name: "Llambro"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The location was easy to find. The hosts were amazing. They are very nice and fun people who made our trip even better. The hostel is also located really close to the lake, making it a must when you visit Pogradec!”"\n  - name: "Miroslav"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Paní majitele se o nás perfektně starala. Čistota, krásný výhled na jezero, parkování v objektu. Dobrý výchozí bod na výlety.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-rejan.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa Rejan are treated to the comfort of air-conditioned accommodations, ensuring a restful escape from the day's adventures. The property boasts a lush garden setting, creating an idyllic backdrop for relaxation, and offers the added convenience of complimentary private parking for those arriving by car.

Each room at Villa Rejan is thoughtfully equipped with a private bathroom and offers access to free WiFi, ensuring guests stay connected. Select rooms further enhance the stay with the inclusion of a balcony, offering a private space to unwind and soak in the surroundings.

Beyond its immediate comforts, Villa Rejan serves as an ideal base for exploring further afield. The Cave Church Archangel Michael and the Early Christian Basilica are both within a 32 km radius, inviting guests to delve into the area's rich historical tapestry. For those looking to explore the spiritual heritage of the region, the Church of St. John at Kaneo and the Monastery Saint Naum are also accessible, located 47 km and 16 km away, respectively.

Conveniently, Ohrid Airport is situated just 37 km from Villa Rejan, making arrivals and departures a breeze for international and domestic travelers alike. This guest house emerges as a top choice for those in search of a peaceful stay, surrounded by the natural and historical wonders of Pogradec.