---\ntitle: "Villa Ceni 2"\ndescription: "Villa Ceni 2 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Elbasan, located just a stone's throw away from the heart of Albania's rich historical tapestry."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579551.jpg?k=b9ec568bae55afb8919795e43380034b3ce2025d9ceadd6a0bedf401d5f34dd3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-ceni-2\naddress: "Rruga Kadri Hoxha, 3001 Elbasan, Albania"\ncity: "Elbasan"\nlocation: "Elbasan"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.11208689\n  lng: 20.06216427\nprice: "US$22"\npriceFrom: 22\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 7.8\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.5\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579551.jpg?k=b9ec568bae55afb8919795e43380034b3ce2025d9ceadd6a0bedf401d5f34dd3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579702.jpg?k=7e0e6c43ec76cffc360e1f00d590210988f5e0d393b0a8cac19fd7e2716d935a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579692.jpg?k=99b17d7017921411064cc3d39ce8d047a906e5315fbc167b6a466d11d0c4987a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425584748.jpg?k=914f7d4dc63609ce3a9455523f2bd378e76e5609f9c1a2c8c229b5c15466432a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425607761.jpg?k=08acedec54527c6ce305f9a7761019460c2e00833483f5edb90d844c0b26d83f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579591.jpg?k=a182f0dde0e8cb1f335382a6fa24398c8fba2b83a8091d4c1ab5ea93d55426cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579615.jpg?k=f14bbd9533757b8bf73a2f828cf82fb53b8a8eec1114132337dc5f421fc32f62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579651.jpg?k=5603a015a989f41f71542da9a5945502f598a6e490e4aa663676b3d660fb2993&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425579562.jpg?k=fda0d08aa7bf813e4ceeb013d7fb860e9a91ea1a7a4396edc45f2c5b49911872&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Vila Benvenuto 700 m"\n  - "Piceri Dibra 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 42 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 57 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Denisa"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Casa molto spaziosa comoda e pulitissima consigliato per delle famiglie come al mio caso ... perché i bimbi sono più liberi nel muoversi e giocare.”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“Incredible value for money. Large apartment with all imaginable comforts. Quiet suburban area. Charming and helpful hosts.”"\n  - name: "Migena"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The location is a few minutes away from the center, but Elbasan is a small town - no problems there - gated villa and we felt super safe at all times. The villa we rented was located on the second floor and was well equipped with everything we...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-ceni-2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nBeyond the allure of its prime location, Villa Ceni 2 distinguishes itself with its commitment to a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and healthy stay for all guests. The property boasts a generous layout featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen ready to cater to culinary desires with an oven and toaster, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV, alongside a bathroom equipped with a shower, towels, and bed linen, underscores the apartment's attention to detail in providing a home-away-from-home experience.

The outdoor dining area invites guests to enjoy meals al fresco, while the garden offers a tranquil space for relaxation and contemplation. Positioned conveniently, Villa Ceni 2 is not far from cultural landmarks such as the Grand Park of Tirana and the evocative Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, both located 38 km away. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is a manageable 50 km journey, making Villa Ceni 2 an accessible haven for both short and extended stays.

In summary, Villa Ceni 2 stands out as a welcoming base for exploring the historical and natural wonders of Elbasan and beyond, promising an accommodation experience that prioritizes comfort, convenience, and a touch of tranquility.