---\ntitle: "Villa Del Sol"\ndescription: "Villa Del Sol emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Golem, positioned just a stone's throw away from Mali I Robit Beach and a short stroll from Golem Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343504.jpg?k=6f94d84a5a02c30028a954d829976ff8c85106a62f3f554235475047fe1b9ee9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-del-sol\naddress: "Bulevardi i Pishave, 2504 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.24547707\n  lng: 19.51972225\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343504.jpg?k=6f94d84a5a02c30028a954d829976ff8c85106a62f3f554235475047fe1b9ee9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343510.jpg?k=052953a299e7adef5f4c15e06108dd9c387520fe12ede33ea4ce993d1bb2620a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343517.jpg?k=df997e3a5c81f18ff48f0a0b6f07f66f6e85a481e7040c536b45c2207114b356&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343497.jpg?k=385d6eaf801f88f851b4674b1ddcbaa41aaea4612eb8bac584e1583138f15134&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343511.jpg?k=30564f96ae430d76e5eae8914804d029ec490bda5c716255dc460e1086cee32f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343488.jpg?k=368e85ba93f52ff59b72c3ef10ccdb90dc1d551db40acd75d8ddae1e60087d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343499.jpg?k=ae23c030e10fede0383e809470bd9c41a1f1ea0cc252bea10f73c5df0a5bdb0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343501.jpg?k=cc731a3b64138ab39c2c93682a4283a8494aa155b6c469a4f99a274c33590590&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/483343506.jpg?k=f8fe8f9981dac1f1fb7faec2e7c3138d009f1e24aa6905aa13991edfeff7aacf&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Serena 250 m"\n  - "Brutal Steakhouse 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 50 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 300 m"\n  - "Qerret Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.2 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 4.6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 10 km"\n  - "1. Maj 10 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 10 km"\n  - "Bekimi 10 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 10 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 10 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lambe"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The hosts are wary kind, the place is wary close to the beach just across the street. There is a super market near by (100m). The apartment is equipped with a very big kitchen and air conditioning in every room separably. In September it was wary...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-del-sol.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests will find themselves in a generously sized apartment that boasts two bedrooms, ensuring ample room for relaxation. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, providing entertainment after a day of exploration. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, coming fully equipped with an oven and a toaster, perfect for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. Additionally, the convenience of a washing machine simplifies the task of laundry, making it easier for guests to keep their travel wardrobe fresh. The bathroom is modern and includes a bidet, with the option to request towels and linens for a nominal fee, ensuring a comfortable stay.

Located a mere 2.3 km from the serene Qerret Beach, Villa Del Sol offers an ideal base for beach lovers. For those looking to venture further, Skanderbeg Square is 46 km away, presenting an opportunity for a day trip to explore the historic and cultural heart of the region. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, located just 4.9 km from the property, offers a unique natural attraction. Convenience is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 40 km away, making Villa Del Sol an accessible retreat for both domestic and international travelers.

With the added perks of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, guests are assured of a hassle-free stay, whether they're visiting for leisure or business. Villa Del Sol stands out as a compelling choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of home in Golem.