---\ntitle: "Villa Gjeçaj Guesthouse and Restaurant"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Thethi through the welcoming doors of Villa Gjecaj, a family-operated haven situated in the heart of Thethi National Park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472717549.jpg?k=4313ec8b0e510c7c1870fb67640ed0ce28032cc76deef2d6b3276db276f795b0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-gje-aj-guesthouse-and-restaurant\naddress: "Center Theth, 4027 Theth, Albania"\ncity: "Theth"\nlocation: "Theth"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.39729789\n  lng: 19.77404147\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 307\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.9\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472717549.jpg?k=4313ec8b0e510c7c1870fb67640ed0ce28032cc76deef2d6b3276db276f795b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473154137.jpg?k=3f6ba76927e71020eee46f10ab9ae846a81e5516a977524214fc5a3bed688f98&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520473798.jpg?k=fbae36ef8fa3c9b12e03faf3f46065d08df960c93726c44f6cc15f890327ecff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472717289.jpg?k=04973518cd370407ddcc070c4770df321a4c5b755d21118cc01f78d2beeddf94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520473205.jpg?k=7171bdba7f46949e80f8784c88bf2cb1c9502da2201ec9e7522376bb9ad8e096&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472716971.jpg?k=daeae33ea97496248c34287151ae9daa775596c9b89f28a825df51a85ed415c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473153206.jpg?k=6f55ecf7c93950ba24b2e5713d5801c5b57d8d6a056e16dd4715588c9e6a63b8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/472750723.jpg?k=bdffee4a5c24b975efd1dcdc6d23e7225c5b8dd831d713fd9970119363eddd60&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520473810.jpg?k=aa8cfdc9160f917d6d31e2c0e2e97582052ab7e919a9a0f4560b5f827d057eff&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Café 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Theth National Park 0 m"\n  - "Theth National Park 1.9 km"\n  - "Valbona Valley National Park 3.1 km"\n  - "Prokletije National Park 9 km"\n  - "Parku Kombëtar Lugina e Valbonës 13 km"\n  - "Nacionalni Park Prokletije 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 43 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 85 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Iven"\n    country: "Indonesia"\n    text: "“Villa Gjecaj was extra-ordinary. Certainly, there are more guesthouses in the closer surrounding providing a similar standard, but the mixture of good rooms, incredibly friendly and open-minded staff, restraurant quality and cosy outside area make...”"\n  - name: "Mike"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“View from the room was amazing and the staff and food were incredible.”"\n  - name: "Rezarta"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“This a a beautiful guest house, full of character. The views out of the window are amazing and breakfast was great, plenty to choose from. People running the place are super friendly . I would come back.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/guesthouse-gjecaj.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nFollowing a thoughtful renovation in 2016, Villa Gjecaj's accommodations boast simplicity and warmth, with hardwood floors and wooden furnishings throughout. Each room, equipped with a private en-suite bathroom and shower, promises a restful stay. Select rooms also offer balconies, providing breathtaking views of the surrounding valley.

Culinary enthusiasts will delight in the on-site restaurant's offerings, where Mediterranean and traditional dishes, crafted from locally-sourced ingredients, are served for lunch and dinner. Guests can start their day with a complimentary breakfast, ensuring a perfect beginning to their adventures in Thethi.

Beyond the comforts of Villa Gjecaj, the area teems with cultural and natural attractions. From historic churches to scenic hiking trails, the beauty of Thethi, Valbona, and Vermoshi awaits exploration. The famed Waterfall of Thethi, a mere 3.5 km away, stands as a testament to the breathtaking beauty of the Albanian Alps. For those looking to venture further, shuttle services are conveniently available upon request.

Situated 72 km from the vibrant city of Shkodër, with its array of restaurants, bars, and markets, and within reach of Podgorica Airport (96 km) and Tirana Airport (170 km), Villa Gjecaj serves as an ideal base for exploring the wonders of Albania. Whether seeking a peaceful retreat or an adventurous exploration, guests will find Villa Gjecaj to be a memorable part of their journey.