---\ntitle: "Villa Nuredinaj"\ndescription: "Villa Nuredinaj emerges as a serene retreat in Vlorë, perfectly positioned a mere 600 meters from Ri Beach and a short 2 km journey from Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377100815.jpg?k=1ea203aba47a0ffaf2cfc1890cbd04495646cf49ead3807a82509e97a4bd7bff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-nuredinaj\naddress: "Rruga Petro Marko, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.42813004\n  lng: 19.49722233\nprice: "US$41"\npriceFrom: 41\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377100815.jpg?k=1ea203aba47a0ffaf2cfc1890cbd04495646cf49ead3807a82509e97a4bd7bff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377230621.jpg?k=49eb7c6d1742d6f5aa138c264fecbe3392facaca15398891a442c984ce4cac90&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377230611.jpg?k=f651fec7eefa49a4e6023e48b12cd0053592bd6790d20b5c76ce0ca5bc316aa5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377101237.jpg?k=0f42211f3f53a96e3b4d8166377a4ca4ae9f124730b7b3e2cf7a78f424452e49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377101229.jpg?k=d6320242d9451698ee0bcf799676a98ede0a02390473521562029add23aabe38&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377101261.jpg?k=b50d8ef2136416c44286fe987713843abee819dbf8fae783bdf69b1ef1f29fe6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Apartment"\n  - "Standard Triple Studio"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Studio"\n  - "Deluxe Double Studio"\n  - "Studio with Mountain View"\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mareluna 350 m"\n  - "The Yacht 400 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ri Beach 450 m"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 1.3 km"\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 2 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 3 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 900 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 4.4 km"\n  - "Independence Square 4.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 97 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ymeraj"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Vend i mrekullueshem,qe ia vlen te kthehesh perseri.”"\n  - name: "Besiana"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The wonderful view of the City and the sea behind the balcony.
Especially the calm mood ,clean air, cleanliness and comfort in the indoor and outdoor environment.
The staff was very nice .”"\n  - name: "Ardii"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Es war ein sehr guter Platz um meinen Urlaub dort fortzufahren, das Zimmer war sehr sauber und Komfort der Herr vom Villa war gesprächich und nach jeder Frage hat man auch eine Antwort gehabt und ich werde mit Sicherheit nochmal kommen 😃danke sehr...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-nuredinaj-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex stands out for its well-appointed units, each featuring essential comforts such as a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom complete with bed linen and towels. Select units elevate the experience further, boasting either a balcony or a patio that opens up to breathtaking sea views. The option to dine al fresco in the outdoor dining area adds a delightful touch to meal times.

For those seeking leisure on-site, a tennis court awaits the sporty at heart, while an outdoor fireplace sets the scene for memorable evenings under the stars. The presence of a snack bar and bar caters to casual dining and socializing needs.

Adventure and relaxation find a perfect balance at Villa Nuredinaj. Guests are invited to explore the surrounding area of Vlorë, with activities such as hiking, windsurfing, fishing, and canoeing readily available. After a day filled with adventure, the garden and shared lounge area offer serene spaces to unwind and reflect on the day's experiences.

Notably, the property is conveniently located 2 km from the Beach at Government Villas and 5.1 km from the historical site of Kuzum Baba, making it an ideal base for exploring the local attractions. For those traveling from afar, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is 154 km away, ensuring Villa Nuredinaj is within reach for international and domestic travelers alike.