---\ntitle: "Villa Sildi"\ndescription: "Villa Sildi emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë, located just a short distance from the serene Maestral Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376059928.jpg?k=69ef433c297583314e9bbfce52c2102c88c74a5c47910917f6624c2fb5cff309&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-sildi\naddress: "Rruga Skënderbeu, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86543248\n  lng: 20.02059503\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 138\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376059928.jpg?k=69ef433c297583314e9bbfce52c2102c88c74a5c47910917f6624c2fb5cff309&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527539902.jpg?k=2098570b841077f352a5856460eb41ec15fb1c01be28f8f8bce84747cf238b3d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527540032.jpg?k=fb194af23bc3a33a9f9a3c229ab249ffa8bfd167dee11d2793a934ce817cd867&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473760103.jpg?k=bda8287c819033c11266779a0053bff0b431d17c2fe730ae95822baa90d12c54&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527539543.jpg?k=2350a99c609367842769e011be842d0a0d211974a2c095e6a87b8290883068df&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434447406.jpg?k=9556745193d228e3cb0322a1925405ac45ada9c8c47d83086145842dbb61bba1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/527539983.jpg?k=58eb96c439aef73a966738bd12ea3648121e5f89792614aa4cedff9a3a4eda27&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/308089664.jpg?k=4a46c796b578b5c456c34e917095dc97f3d4e81da080383025466c6babb014ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/311318469.jpg?k=8361f495378bc81e0b5097423998f20f856189303935ed5e112a064581355d3a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (60 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Bar"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Rixhi 250 m"\n  - "Summer Kiss Food & Drinks 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Maestral Beach 400 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 600 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 700 m"\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 800 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 800 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 1.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Diana"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Beautiful view from the terrace to the city and the bay. The house is newly built.”"\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Best localisation with superb view, 20min walk from boulevard and just few min with car. Clean and comfy rooms with AC. Very good contact w host.”"\n  - name: "Dorota"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“A very friendly owner, genuinely interested in their guests. Extremely helpful in every aspect - they can advise on what to see, which places to visit, where to eat well, and where to shop. A very caring host, during your stay, they can selflessly...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-sildi-gjashte.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit within Villa Sildi is thoughtfully equipped with modern conveniences such as a desk, coffee machine, dishwasher, oven, and safety deposit box. Entertainment needs are met with a flat-screen TV, while the terrace offers a tranquil space for guests to unwind. The private bathrooms come with a bidet, adding a touch of luxury to the daily routine. For those who enjoy culinary pursuits, the apartments feature a dining area and a fully equipped kitchen, complete with a microwave, toaster, and fridge. The thoughtful addition of wine or champagne, fruits, and chocolates or cookies in-room elevates the experience, catering to the refined tastes of discerning guests.

On-site, visitors will find a welcoming bar, perfect for evening relaxation or socializing with fellow travelers. For those looking to explore the surrounding area, Villa Sildi provides a convenient car rental service, making local excursions effortless.

Situated a mere 1.7 km from La Petite Beach and 2.3 km from VIP Beach, the location of Villa Sildi allows guests to easily access some of Sarandë's most sought-after beaches. The nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is 95 km away, making the apartment complex a feasible option for international travelers.

Villa Sildi stands out as a sophisticated haven for families and individuals alike, offering a memorable stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxuries of a top-tier holiday destination.