---\ntitle: "Villa Kurti"\ndescription: "Villa Kurti emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, boasting a lush garden setting that promises a tranquil retreat."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477429477.jpg?k=6b7c95d36020b3c8f31a48fda4f928c3210ae48093c971ce343ae05cdd93a85e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-kurti\naddress: "Rruga Jusuf Myzyri, Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30772023\n  lng: 19.49095776\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477429477.jpg?k=6b7c95d36020b3c8f31a48fda4f928c3210ae48093c971ce343ae05cdd93a85e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477429403.jpg?k=48253888827cdd8ded70e46f7ebe63ee70bbada592d934104e8b244fe87f1be9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478325178.jpg?k=48030f83dfbfbdaacf495af67667b46e62f8e57dc1abff905c90515733f3ffb9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477429469.jpg?k=7c3c6fbd7be11e15de8d1c734b2f615f641aa1d26e266abdc261e6282c26bfd7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/477429494.jpg?k=41ec17f4f72f719d664ddce67fdc5ab18a5700c10a364a29748721f5dec7c506&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478325193.jpg?k=035d86bd9b4df5070ae72b6f08ba49207a904bae1c17858b4e130b561d60660b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Extra Bed"\n  - "Superior Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "ANTIGUA 30 m"\n  - "Caffe Pascucci 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.8 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Sina"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The room was big and comfortable, clean white sheets, the host was very friendly”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The owner was very kind. She adapted to our check out time. She gave us a welcome desert from a local bakary and a bottle of water. The whole place was renovation. Air conditioner good worked.”"\n  - name: "Misiraj"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“La struttura si trova in un'ottima posizione, nemmeno 5 min dal mare. Abbiamo trovato tutto pulito e in ordine! La stanza era dotata di tutti i confort!
Abbiamo apprezzato i dolci di benvenuto! La proprietaria è stata gentile e flessibile...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-kurti.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with air-conditioned accommodations that ensure a comfortable stay, complemented by the added benefits of complimentary WiFi and private parking available directly on the premises. Designed with families in mind, Villa Kurti features spacious family rooms that cater to the needs of guests traveling with loved ones.

Select accommodations at Villa Kurti afford guests the pleasure of garden views, enhancing the sense of tranquility that pervades the property. Each unit is thoughtfully equipped with a private bathroom and wardrobe, ensuring a stay that is as convenient as it is comfortable. The inclusion of bed linen in the units adds a touch of home-like warmth to the guest experience.

Situated within easy reach of historical and natural attractions, including the former Residence of Enver Hoxha and the Durres Amphitheatre, Villa Kurti serves as a gateway to the rich heritage and scenic beauty of the region. The property's location also offers easy access to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 33 km away, making it a convenient option for international travelers.

Villa Kurti stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a peaceful haven in Durrës, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and cultural immersion that is sure to make any stay memorable.