---\ntitle: "Villa Anastasia Ksamil"\ndescription: "Villa Anastasia Ksamil emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway, perfectly positioned just a short stroll from the pristine sands of Ksamil Beach 9 and within easy reach of the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200828222.jpg?k=04d17f4cdc15a560a74b5b8fec49f84e99b607e31275d5186407eb25fb3b068a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-anastasia-ksamil\naddress: "Road Butrint & Sotira Ksamil Number Building 301, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76596173\n  lng: 20.003648\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 80\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200828222.jpg?k=04d17f4cdc15a560a74b5b8fec49f84e99b607e31275d5186407eb25fb3b068a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201128351.jpg?k=e8475ccf1b46af483a109eea5b00a64ad4da86c5a161b1e4888d934af0d82ed2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200788097.jpg?k=92a3acd1287acbfa2c2eb303c761577b4fe70dbf759b720a0342f27aa718d690&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200788190.jpg?k=4920c5bdae6acb29e5a7d84917fa9903a596323b1516d9dd35e9462df3745123&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201130869.jpg?k=e2b361b81b1ffc75a01d39a0702e173ae49834ce0ee602f92c66d75b5d01e7fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200897329.jpg?k=8576e1519bd1fd17fb5e0c4e1bd297a391a88c76098df1192028542171f60e55&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201131871.jpg?k=f5422e6cc33bfc7181225379a43a1a8fe6a53fc2567c54d230b9e54f760a9e85&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/200788219.jpg?k=b5dfb7995114d8b0d8e80e59e2bee513226e06f0ca6372a20080cf53c770d694&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201131006.jpg?k=6076d028fccc332ddb7c72ebf9b87aad6bfd2d823af80595ca8fc8f9bfa6e8a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201130817.jpg?k=a45de3ba2e39a6b474f2a36a1b6b8378a1605f028681d357e3baedbcd30a5266&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201129275.jpg?k=e344280bce53d593111b0169ed52f0e72c5008b47f62b706200f299ccc3ae4fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/201129060.jpg?k=babfa466f6af093e93ff33200106180586a70254ded22ba9d6f484b283220e6b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant Pizza Legisi 2 150 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 500 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 600 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 700 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 750 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 200 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.5 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.8 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Asen"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Everything was up to par. Close to the center and at the same time in a quiet place.”"\n  - name: "Glori"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Villa Anastiasia is located in a quiet area but close to the city centre of Ksamil. The room was very spacious, clean and comfortable. Everything we needed was in there and we had also free access to the laundry room. The hosts are amazing people...”"\n  - name: "Paraskevi"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Location, facilities, cleanliness and hospitality were amazing! Can’t recommend this enough. We also had our car inside which was really important for us.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-anastasia-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach meticulously designed unit at Villa Anastasia Ksamil boasts a terrace that frames breathtaking sea views, enhancing the dining experience with the backdrop of the Ionian Sea. The interiors are thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a satellite flat-screen TV, a dining area, and a kitchen that comes complete with an oven, fridge, and coffee machine, ensuring guests feel right at home. The addition of a private bathroom with a bidet in every unit adds a touch of comfort and privacy.

For those who prefer dining under the sky, an outdoor dining area is available, allowing guests to savor their meals amidst the villa's tranquil garden setting. Convenience is further amplified with an on-site minimarket, providing easy access to essentials and snacks.

Adventure and relaxation seamlessly blend at Villa Anastasia Ksamil, where guests can engage in local activities such as fishing, exploring the nearby Paradise Beach, or delving into the historical allure of Butrint National Park, located just a short drive away. For international travelers, Corfu International Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 92 km from the villa, making it a feasible option for those coming from afar.

Villa Anastasia Ksamil stands as a testament to the perfect balance of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, promising an unforgettable stay for families and leisure travelers alike.