---\ntitle: "Villa Abedini"\ndescription: "Villa Abedini emerges as a recently renovated gem in Ksamil, standing a mere 500 meters from the pristine shores of Paradise Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425576512.jpg?k=2d26052b59b8e244d1dec07b2c0063d6923a106464e99cdd2716eb4946de1ab9&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-abedini\naddress: "Rr. Derveni, 9999 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.7644187\n  lng: 19.99965173\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 344\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/425576512.jpg?k=2d26052b59b8e244d1dec07b2c0063d6923a106464e99cdd2716eb4946de1ab9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347345154.jpg?k=1e1751fd79257458de7a5faff681d89ec0a8e4702b78b240a230d19ee3796270&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286764.jpg?k=fa6e614740336aded893d0ef99787dff48ba516a40366e616ef47068a1cdc709&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/347345156.jpg?k=bb5c15c174d08d6225493642c0d9ec91ab5017692dec4c8caf8ed86b5eeb4e17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286984.jpg?k=827bb7b82152c40f5ef879e06841da968f8d828eceabbf441df322952fd4a4c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286781.jpg?k=a7f4d472b2efc6c40b8e0ec3099799c5630ca75386fd2ef9cfef11fce95dccd0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286821.jpg?k=ddc109358728ca9a90c53fbd09d0813d337df900da74868341500d3ceac6bfe2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286980.jpg?k=962b19f48b4362803c5fa564455f04215103aa463152407e3e38d84e4d8cba1d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457286968.jpg?k=f1e635741287776356b503dee1f734ce235776e594f009ad37b1ab993909b853&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 17 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 17 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 18 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Krenari Grill Station 150 m"\n  - "Grill Zone 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Paradise Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 350 m"\n  - "Lori Beach 450 m"\n  - "Puerto Rico Beach 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 750 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 400 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 11 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Raquel"\n    country: "Portugal"\n    text: "“The location is perfect and we felt very welcoming by the hosts. I really advise this place to spend your days at ksamil.”"\n  - name: "Jeongmi"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Very friendly staff and good breakfast. Good location to the center and the beaches.”"\n  - name: "Jb366"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Lovely views from the balcony. Very clean. Very good shower. Quiet and comfortable rooms. AC in the rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-abedini-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe culinary experience at Villa Abedini is a delightful journey through local flavors, offering a daily breakfast menu that includes continental and Italian options, with a special emphasis on local specialties, pancakes, and fruits. The presence of an on-site coffee shop, bar, and lounge adds to the convenience, allowing guests to unwind without having to venture far.

Families visiting Villa Abedini will find the accommodation exceptionally welcoming, thanks to an indoor play area, baby safety gates, and a children's playground, ensuring a comfortable and stress-free stay for guests of all ages. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the property provides an easy solution for exploring the surrounding area.

Located conveniently close to other local attractions, Villa Abedini is just 600 meters from Ksamil Beach 9 and 700 meters from Lori Beach, making it an ideal base for beach enthusiasts. For those arriving from afar, the property is situated 92 km from Corfu International Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available to ensure a seamless travel experience.

In summary, Villa Abedini stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking a blend of modern comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm, all within a stone's throw of some of Ksamil's most beautiful beaches.