---\ntitle: "Villa Madani"\ndescription: "Villa Madani emerges as a serene retreat, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience, just a stone's throw away from the vibrant Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774522.jpg?k=a9b774af01f1b479c6b080c1c24700bd014e57724600c5c2d52b96c0fdf9b610&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-madani\naddress: "Rruga Bajram Curri, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.309131\n  lng: 19.4946929\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774522.jpg?k=a9b774af01f1b479c6b080c1c24700bd014e57724600c5c2d52b96c0fdf9b610&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774557.jpg?k=151e55560ef9379678900d32bdfcf79d1702ad5925f3b6815e8cd47bfa1f45f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372784028.jpg?k=f16564e8709b1cdfc54e345c926a4b0105b93da5a0bbdfb2e1ebaa3b4b04fbec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774575.jpg?k=b2edd1ed559ffe353cf45238394b840742faa85923baf4ef8ca69881fe9a88f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774532.jpg?k=4645005f47074b4e043a11170891795343a291aacdf32a3cea1ff0e8e810588c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372783928.jpg?k=012c3418097afceb6bfae0c280ade904e7721bc3075cf4b7fe52a81366c50f3a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774552.jpg?k=fd80e99f01ec1fd23780ee0771e7bb24d0ae591e5042b08f0b78a1685ddeec24&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363132059.jpg?k=b4d4bd7a221fd3a3d9e1314778b2a9c680bfae0a113ef0ac69336a60de4ee1a9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372774553.jpg?k=170c9f3373726a0837898cf3f08da959e0ae23d161947dadff5b5c07d920169f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (33 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Radioss 350 m"\n  - "Delfin Tetova Durres 350 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 550 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 5 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Nadezhda"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Мне очень понравился хозяин Линди. Он отнёсся ко мне так, как к близкому человеку. В первые дни он устроил мне экскурсию по порту Дурреса, показал окрестности, и сводил отведать вкусное албанское блюдо. Всё это было очень гостеприимно. Сами...”"\n  - name: "Arjuna"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Excellent property with great amenities and a convenient location.”"\n  - name: "Balbino"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is great, right in the heart of the city with easy access to all the attractions. The room was clean, spacious, and well-appointed with all the amenities I needed for a comfortable stay. The staff were friendly and helpful, always...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-madani.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe guest house itself is a haven of tranquility, boasting garden views that can be enjoyed from the privacy of one's balcony or the communal terrace. Each accommodation option at Villa Madani is thoughtfully equipped with a dining area, a fully equipped kitchen complete with a fridge, and a flat-screen TV for those moments of relaxation. The attention to detail extends to the provision of towels and linens, ensuring a comfortable stay, while the added benefit of a private entrance offers that extra layer of privacy many travelers seek.

For those looking to explore the area on two wheels, Villa Madani facilitates this adventure with its bicycle rental service, allowing guests to discover the local sights and sounds at their own pace. The guest house's location also serves as an ideal base for visiting Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, both accessible within a reasonable distance, while Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 32 km away.

With its combination of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a peaceful stay, Villa Madani stands out as a top choice for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty and history of the area.