---\ntitle: "Villa Laila Vlore"\ndescription: "Villa Laila Vlore emerges as a serene oasis in the vibrant city of Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the pristine Vjetër Beach and a short drive from the bustling Vlore Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460163015.jpg?k=b3adad45f77803ec0da797294a8b84516ca6bfad41f83115e09bcc2e73a381c3&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-laila-vlore\naddress: "Rr. Sazani, 9403 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.45761735\n  lng: 19.47187835\nprice: "US$65"\npriceFrom: 65\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460163015.jpg?k=b3adad45f77803ec0da797294a8b84516ca6bfad41f83115e09bcc2e73a381c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460162997.jpg?k=2baad3402d20cb6287511dfcbd81ca3f832b2419b8e0f67676cbf86c569c4f49&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460163071.jpg?k=fb07ef2524eb5d4752d97336fac3a78364dadf35fff30a3ce6bc06c944da1d9d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460163120.jpg?k=ce1e24592b47eed434754fcc5e2158a513b520d89c4ae4deeb44615caa2c111b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473579412.jpg?k=53210869724b8685881235c850f329adc74099bfa33821f9e462b6084524e186&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460162975.jpg?k=4aaef4bd34c8e063091d0d07e0ebe225b42d0a409db4edbc8c5244ccc61e47cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460162988.jpg?k=557fa99b5fe0f54031a7941cf04a0a57f1930e34d3fc9a3cf18afc0be10aceaf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460162983.jpg?k=a4d4c08b4b442cdf6939024a147d581828692651d8b1b616e8d27119b8473be5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/460162923.jpg?k=82beafa5602142614ea16b1421181020388e951ec609991826bf26d7521f405f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Family Room"\n  - "Standard Family Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Xhelaldo 100 m"\n  - "Maison des Chefs 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vjetër Beach 150 m"\n  - "Vlore Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 3.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.3 km"\n  - "Narta Beach 4.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.1 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.2 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 3.1 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Monika"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Very very kind owners, every time available for guests. Clean, near the beach, market and everything you need for vacation. ❤️”"\n  - name: "Muci"\n    country: "Canada"\n    text: "“This apartment seemed to be brand new and it was very nice designed. It had everything that you would need and it was right at the beach. It is comfy and perfect for long stays. The host gave us very good recommendations and helped us getting us...”"\n  - name: "Светлана"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“I really liked the accommodation. Very clean, good condition of furniture, repairs. Very close to the sea. The hostess advised shops, markets, restaurants in the city.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-laila-vlore.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed through a private entrance, ensuring a seamless arrival experience. The accommodations at Villa Laila Vlore are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, featuring air-conditioned rooms that serve as a cool haven from the Mediterranean warmth. Complimentary amenities such as private parking and WiFi are the cherries on top, ensuring that every stay is as convenient as it is comfortable.

The guest house boasts an array of facilities designed to make each visit memorable. Each room opens up to a terrace offering enchanting garden views, perfect for morning reflections or evening relaxation. The living spaces are equipped with satellite flat-screen TVs, alongside a fully equipped kitchen complete with a toaster, fridge, stovetop, and essential kitchenware, allowing guests the freedom to prepare meals as they wish. The inclusion of a kettle adds a touch of home, inviting guests to enjoy a warm cup of tea at any time. Private bathrooms with bidets and hair dryers ensure that personal care needs are met with ease.

For those looking to explore the surroundings, Villa Laila Vlore facilitates adventure with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site. This makes visiting the nearby Independence Square and the historic Kuzum Baba effortless, with both landmarks just a few kilometers away.

Situated 151 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the guest house also offers a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring that the transition from and to the airport is as smooth as possible.

Villa Laila Vlore stands out as a preferred choice for travelers seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of home in Vlorë.