---\ntitle: "Villa Basilika"\ndescription: "Villa Basilika emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Vlorë, merely a stone's throw away from the iconic Kuzum Baba and a brief stroll from the vibrant Independence Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100112480.jpg?k=5c9e9dcad0381915a09a4780cfc55bcfab7592698ae204b38bd2ba172867d3e6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-basilika\naddress: "Str. 4 Heronjte No 33, 9402 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.461582\n  lng: 19.49554235\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100112480.jpg?k=5c9e9dcad0381915a09a4780cfc55bcfab7592698ae204b38bd2ba172867d3e6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68690905.jpg?k=d4af8d15164e322ee6dca24ad8b2b8d30f5cdb049c7cac36791186f982e5e7eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100136114.jpg?k=ce3b6272987cc786108ea6a7dce7e45006b3ccee681b77926ab690dcab0c0d7c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100136649.jpg?k=52722de38ff80517712c6ee7af95e208ac49f544b4fe5affaeda74d1f232b197&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68689881.jpg?k=9874ab640f3011a5a7a69ba23803ad5482723336930f689f429baf27004bdca5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100112779.jpg?k=5f5dc9108ce117cf1f3ce1631284ce7900e96022c7ff819ce408840a623a25bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/68690603.jpg?k=68c3ebbec8b7b0772bafa535d4c90b5ae2e598508709a4fa5f63f0ad1aaac953&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100038618.jpg?k=6678a2c5476d7ccd7ca6f584dc4b7002ee5c58dcbd25d485ea7515f643f7e777&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/100174904.jpg?k=bf674b7087fd4bb717683d5ee09b757aa897cfda7ac1d44c5c03399562822369&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Lux 250 m"\n  - "Rs Self-Service Restorant 450 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 4.7 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Kuzum Baba 700 m"\n  - "Independence Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 2.8 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Stella"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“Absolutely everything! A family run accomodation located just 5-10min walking distance from city centre. Clean, spacious and well equipped apartment with an amazingly comfortable bed for a good night sleep in a quiet neighborhood. The hosts were...”"\n  - name: "Thomas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Super nettes Pärchen, das uns willkommen geheißen hat. Begrüßung mit Bier und Chips”"\n  - name: "Emilia"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione strategica, a pochi passi dal centro per chi non fosse munito di mezzi, anche se le strade non sono fantastiche indipendentemente dalla struttura. Altra cosa che ci è piaciuta è che la zona è silenziosa, per chi voglia rilassarsi dopo...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-basilika.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nEach accommodation unit at Villa Basilika is a testament to thoughtful design, boasting air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days, alongside a seating and dining area perfect for unwinding or enjoying a meal. Select units elevate the experience further with terraces or balconies, presenting either sweeping mountain vistas or tranquil garden views. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven, refrigerator, and stovetop, adds a touch of home, while private bathrooms equipped with hair dryers and complimentary bed linen ensure a seamless stay.

Adding to its appeal, Villa Basilika welcomes guests with a thoughtful breakfast basket, brimming with essentials such as coffee, tea, cereal, jam, toasts, and milk, setting the tone for a delightful start to the day.

The convenience of Villa Basilika's location cannot be overstated, with a supermarket and grocery store just a short walk away, ensuring that essentials are always within reach. The main street of Vlora, with its array of shops and eateries, is accessible within a mere five minutes on foot, promising an authentic taste of local life.

For those exploring further afield, the property's proximity to key transport hubs, including the Bus terminal, the Port of Vlorë, and the Train station, positions it as an ideal base for discovering the wider region.

In summary, Villa Basilika offers a harmonious blend of comfort, convenience, and location, making it a compelling choice for travelers seeking a tranquil retreat amidst the bustling backdrop of Vlorë.