---\ntitle: "Villa White"\ndescription: "Villa White stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine shores of Ksamil Beach 9 and the vibrant Bora Bora Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479457269.jpg?k=e7554dbfeace29c664838c40bd3081e35400ed38fc33a516f2eea9547e3d55e7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-white\naddress: "Rruga Alida Hysku, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76961179\n  lng: 20.00097731\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 150\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 5.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479457269.jpg?k=e7554dbfeace29c664838c40bd3081e35400ed38fc33a516f2eea9547e3d55e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467712242.jpg?k=9a15fbc05f9cd7106e4eb8595fb226a8b7e09263a877f15c4793e0b052086c5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467712150.jpg?k=88fb5edcebf1c1a41128b752b88a27dd9ff640b028f17d024a10f4f5c840cbe2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467712163.jpg?k=28fd11ff0de3f609492f0e70e5fdc0d6dbd3f34021a4375727547e1fc076b814&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/300573584.jpg?k=0d3ad01179672ba6b7a55a92cb84e37a0fff4c472ff2c974808ed789a13ce7b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432951923.jpg?k=9b825264226260ea9febc6d9d6df60666eb0b9312bfb707d574f82bb45ee5d0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/302908988.jpg?k=57a1be5a3e59fe7c715b3f64a6cc8744aa615d95e9e36b67716341bb9084ecd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301606091.jpg?k=88f7c7af4dc8c2be5d1c2430c4853574275c99cc98a3f8bf184aaaa1d5bc8859&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/432952145.jpg?k=2df8ee3243fbb18856937fe06cd6ab0bde8878c726b16fe3cee041f5e56018b5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Fabulous breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizza Malasi 20 m"\n  - "Sweet & Salty 30 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 250 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 300 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 300 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 550 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 250 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.8 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.4 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Rosana"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Perfect location in the center, lot of restaurants and bars are very very close, beaches are very close max 5 min walking ,very friendly staff, nice room very clean with big balcony. Everything was perfect for us !”"\n  - name: "Gaescara87"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“The view from the balcony was great. The owners and the staff were very kind, helpful and friendly.”"\n  - name: "Jesper"\n    country: "Denmark"\n    text: "“Such friendly owners! Their café with delicious juices and healthy food was perfect. Location couldn’t be better (few hundred meters from the best beaches but without noise). So nice and clean. Rooms cleaned daily. Spacious rooms.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-white.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Villa White are treated to an array of amenities designed to enhance their stay. Each room is a sanctuary of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a desk for those needing to stay connected, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a private bathroom stocked with fresh bed linen and towels. The addition of a terrace in every room offers guests a unique vantage point of the city's pulse, while select accommodations present breathtaking sea views, complemented by the charm of a private balcony. Convenience is further amplified with the inclusion of a fridge in every room, ensuring refreshments are always within reach.

Beyond the confines of its well-appointed rooms, Villa White extends its hospitality through a suite of services. The property prides itself on offering free WiFi across all areas, ensuring guests remain connected with the world, alongside complimentary private parking for those arriving by car. The presence of a welcoming bar, room service, a 24-hour front desk, and currency exchange facilities underscores the hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction and convenience.

For travelers venturing from afar, the proximity to Corfu International Airport, located 93 km away, underscores Villa White's appeal as a gateway to the enchanting beauty of Ksamil and its surroundings.