---\ntitle: "Villa Çerpja"\ndescription: "Villa Çerpja emerges as a serene retreat in Kamëz, striking the perfect balance between convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525867054.jpg?k=4a57c77b67cd956fe27374ed9ff74654b1da1d75d2de87c78d07c7200e2c8c16&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-erpja\naddress: "Rruga Drini 74, 1030 Kamëz, Albania"\ncity: "Kamëz"\nlocation: "Kamëz"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3713178\n  lng: 19.78594241\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525867054.jpg?k=4a57c77b67cd956fe27374ed9ff74654b1da1d75d2de87c78d07c7200e2c8c16&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525868079.jpg?k=c384633893b3697c374b3ab834d51998c390b07da6f4be3f55b1f9920b6fbf94&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366284527.jpg?k=bf33047a9195997fb612600e48c9246704240a90b68c26594489c30c6737830c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525874531.jpg?k=edde8fe137809898e26d0431ebd20c91bda427cdba711c442ee6b6d957e4eeef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366284545.jpg?k=4a8ba32d6aef6d63198ff71dd340f70ded7bab460ea39c721bd9152308469e5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366284515.jpg?k=536606fe904e14740dad3e029bf094402f6630497658ad74b5af2e0d0d309433&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525874503.jpg?k=18c584b48aaf7147521c8d0fc63f46f80d4518f4974b80e00bf5fbca141d5619&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/366284492.jpg?k=c085f53b70e1eb2c7dea0c728d65eb5e58d7e9f75ab0df10faadc93f8dce8cc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/525867562.jpg?k=15c9c73bf6f7158538c0ed28f0a64cf88bb6a9510bebab5819b91761b06092f4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Villa"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 6 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 6 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 6 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 6 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 6 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 6 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 6 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 7 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kaon Zgara 300 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant Reçi 350 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 3.7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 4.3 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 4.4 km"\n  - "Park Lojrash 4.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 4.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 4.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 4.8 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 6 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 83 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Shah"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Ik had mijn laste dag geboekt. Ik wad in tirana centrum was prijs goedkoper Maar hier beste om vakantie huis huur . Want tirana ook dichtbij. Als met auto vakantie best hier. Want stad parkeren disco en op weg kleine druk .
Ik mis als ik best...”"\n  - name: "Karel"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Byli jsem se dvěma dětmi, všichni naprosto spokojeni! Klidné místo, luxusní a levné bydlení, asi 100m špičková pizzerie. Albert naprosto skvělý a pozorný hostitel. Vřele doporučuji, vše naprosto perfektní!!!
We were with two children, everyone...”"\n  - name: "Idris"\n    country: "Oman"\n    text: "“كانت العائلة لطيفة جدا، استقبلونا بحفاوة وقدموا لنا القهوة وأحسسنا معهم بالجو العائلي.
المنزل واسع وبه موقف خاص وحديقة صغيرة وبلكونة واسعة
هناك مطاعم وسوبر ماركت قريب من الفيلا”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-cerpja-kamez.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThis property distinguishes itself with its commitment to providing a smoke-free environment, ensuring a clean and fresh stay for all guests. The inclusion of free private parking adds an extra layer of convenience, catering to those who arrive by car.

Villa Çerpja is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers. It boasts a spacious terrace that invites guests to unwind in the open air, two cozy bedrooms that promise restful nights, and a living room that serves as a communal hub for relaxation and entertainment. The kitchen does not disappoint, being well-equipped and featuring a minibar, allowing guests to prepare meals and enjoy refreshments with ease. The presence of a flat-screen TV ensures that entertainment is always within reach, while garden views offer a tranquil backdrop to this home away from home.

Situated 42 km from the Rock of Kavaje and only 6.7 km from the National Museum of History Albania, Villa Çerpja offers a strategic location for those keen to explore further afield. Additionally, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 8 km away, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers.

In summary, Villa Çerpja stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of tranquility during their stay in Kamëz.