---\ntitle: "Villa Bani"\ndescription: "Villa Bani emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718395.jpg?k=c564b9f62fa17dd3dbdf9aef26a5492f997658b1c4576a3c39c22494d785c1d5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-bani\naddress: "Rruga Permeti, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77363761\n  lng: 20.00857165\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.1\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718395.jpg?k=c564b9f62fa17dd3dbdf9aef26a5492f997658b1c4576a3c39c22494d785c1d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450866291.jpg?k=78e245e9b868c339f2979dffb58fb39c60cd28b38bde86dd1ae28f2e5595ddaa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718367.jpg?k=3097d214815277f6cea24bf699f92ec3611d2b8904b95a69ce1a5c2fa930a674&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450866252.jpg?k=79f26f1c589aff019435a95121196375df6692ed74b30ebc01807bd64bd9b2ee&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718384.jpg?k=317eefd1654b0cc4e5b0e154ad68a51862538ec415166fda6896ed66b1be3591&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450866333.jpg?k=92473d33cdd78c3e4ef25fb5808b55f5604ba49c7a6447e6fd4ad64263eb7c03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/450866300.jpg?k=9f09fc246e3c822b7b7078c654f2dd830f38278091b3fba4690b107a5d05c2b1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718376.jpg?k=0e4df695737ac1ac9e29691a7c239eccbf0bb2b28a4e7114a51838e672c57644&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/355718094.jpg?k=47420cc1d431264ec81d448c0bc1f7af7b87566bbb1c4d11c3db5dca5a5a58be&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (26 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 19 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 20 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restaraunt Aleksander 20 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 650 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 650 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 900 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 850 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petra"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“House was big and nice, hosts were great. We really enjoyed staying here. 10/10 and they have a very cute dog. :)”"\n  - name: "Horváth"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“The apartment was clean and well equipped. The hosts were friendly and always helped when we had any requests (bring an extra blanket, change some bulbs etc). thanks again Bani and your family. Everything was within 10 mins walk (beaches,...”"\n  - name: "Svet"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment and the host were ABSLOLUTELY AMAZING!! Even without knowing English, Chimi knows what you need. The apartment is spacious, clean, all necessary equipment is there. Air conditioners were installed in each room and they worked well....”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-bani-ksamil.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property boasts a selection of well-appointed apartments, each featuring essential modern amenities to ensure a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a hotel. Guests can enjoy the convenience of air-conditioned spaces, a cozy seating area, and entertainment through flat-screen TVs equipped with cable channels. The inclusion of a fully-equipped kitchen and dining area in each unit adds a touch of home, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals.

A highlight of Villa Bani is the thoughtful integration of outdoor spaces. Each apartment offers a balcony or patio, presenting an outdoor dining area set against the backdrop of the property's lush garden, providing a serene spot to unwind and soak in the tranquil views.

For those venturing out, the property's proximity to notable attractions such as Ksamil Beach 7 and Bora Bora Beach, located just over a kilometer away, positions Villa Bani as an ideal base for exploring the natural beauty of the area. Additionally, the convenience of being 93 km from Corfu International Airport adds to the appeal for international travelers.

With the promise of free private parking and complimentary WiFi, along with the provision of bed linen and towels in all units, Villa Bani ensures a hassle-free and comfortable experience for families and groups alike, making it a standout option for those looking to savor the delights of Ksamil in a setting that feels both welcoming and exclusive.