---\ntitle: "Villa Ester & Apartments"\ndescription: "Villa Ester & Apartments emerges as a distinguished choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Korçë, situated a mere 44 km from the serene Ohrid Lake Springs."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148243198.jpg?k=de890da119d218afc04762f3aa7c710c99c0a7dcbbea99cab693b386f90fadce&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-ester-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Jorgjia Lubonja, 7001 Korçë, Albania"\ncity: "Korçë"\nlocation: "Korçë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.61290588\n  lng: 20.78043312\nprice: "US$48"\npriceFrom: 48\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 344\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.7\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148243198.jpg?k=de890da119d218afc04762f3aa7c710c99c0a7dcbbea99cab693b386f90fadce&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275356605.jpg?k=a99c141c5b324d89b0afc2053644c946dde3d2cc41dedf11b5d35599e11e064a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148243604.jpg?k=98df5871fa4e7236e799ec3748a8398408f6052f7bf0b22b6d7a5bcff7ebf29d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/275702621.jpg?k=b0e23832d55b7621bda3323d4080747d6388b6e9b9c64d6d3e96a9b302f9ebe9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/122014496.jpg?k=a606e0cd7763662b05d6a9b86d6ec8b800ab995e58c9f55aa6e3a4f40b06e618&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148487940.jpg?k=e7e535c8e39ffa60f8ca4ff2bfde5ca2433fe8583139b9f5a7199009ebf7e53e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\n  - "Standard King Room"\n  - "Deluxe King Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room with Balcony"\n  - "Standard Triple Room"\n  - "Junior Suite"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Joen 100 m"\n  - "Olge 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Patriku Joasaf 350 m"\n  - "Parku Vangjush Mio 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "Parku Themistokli Gërmenji 650 m"\n  - "Field of Tears 700 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Panxhar 6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Koço Plaku 11 km"\n  - "Sheshi Penetori 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 45 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 62 km"\n  - "Kozani National Airport 96 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irena"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“The place was perfect.You definitely have to visit it.”"\n  - name: "Enxhi"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Had an amazing stay at Villa Ester. The staff was very welcoming and friendly. The level of cleanliness exceeded all expectations, everything was impeccably clean. The breakfast was a mix of delicious Albanian dishes and continental options,...”"\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“Beautiful accommodation in the city center, great breakfast, very helpful and friendly staff. I highly recommend it. Tastefully and modernly furnished rooms, a charming spirit throughout the accommodation”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/villa-ester.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe attention to detail is evident in each room, boasting a wardrobe, a desk, and a flat-screen TV for entertainment needs. Select accommodations also feature a balcony, offering guests a private outdoor space to unwind. Comfort is further enhanced with the provision of quality bed linen and towels in all rooms.

Culinary experiences at Villa Ester & Apartments are nothing short of exceptional, with the on-site restaurant priding itself on a menu that spans seafood delicacies, alongside international and European dishes, catering to a variety of palates.

For those looking to blend relaxation with some light activity, the hotel offers darts and the convenience of car hire services, making exploration of the surrounding area effortless. Positioned 44 km from the historic Monastery Saint Naum and 72 km from Kastoria National Airport, the hotel serves as an ideal base for both leisure and exploration in this captivating region. Villa Ester & Apartments stands out as a premier destination for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of luxury and adventure in Korçë.