---\ntitle: "Villa Sopebra"\ndescription: "Villa Sopebra stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene getaway in Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from the pristine Santa Quaranta Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471415346.jpg?k=f4f859424a7b40603c2c0631b19480f5cbae411b7530921bb370a9cc5904cf57&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: villa-sopebra\naddress: "Rruga Butrint, 9200 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8575844\n  lng: 20.02125129\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471415346.jpg?k=f4f859424a7b40603c2c0631b19480f5cbae411b7530921bb370a9cc5904cf57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/372710717.jpg?k=f1973ff1d2e7ccd94e3739da94c7667fbf26d63260b847a626a013722959540a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376514433.jpg?k=82aa63f84f2b6a3c5bb0cc1286f8a0fdbed08e69ab86e109e28fe8a55c12fc61&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376513563.jpg?k=d98066e33d2bdb5df70fd1a3fc3c681853819d2b69f5e914af97a0032898928e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376512228.jpg?k=834eb50fbd44c7a8301e6c801e4838ec885e149757f8abcd8684bcf2d28aaa62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376512152.jpg?k=9dd9ffb890d98d6824eae12f78de34a83d1a49a9d6863eaea42eb37f1bbb2300&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376513983.jpg?k=00be9e1f0a2bdd1f19453d06a971fbd74594ce7cc8d1f095eef877af672f96f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/376513857.jpg?k=2f9c2ffb0c20db5dc47a95d615f96f87894947ebcb509b3cc4ea4044fe3fc8db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/106212517.jpg?k=8e050afcc2450be0f826d37d3eb75d79ef8ac5e29d587bb29366bd5b5229be90&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 50 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 150 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 200 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 400 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 350 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 11 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Giorgos"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Hosts were very kind and helpful. Room was ideal size, clean and modern, you have all needed amenities.It was great that they have a fridge as well, balcony ideal size. Very relaxing, will definitely come back again and we 100% recommend.”"\n  - name: "Andon"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The stay was good and clean.
Owners are polite and always friendly with us, gave us informations for local places.”"\n  - name: "Nikola"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The host was extremely helpful and friendly. The location is great.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/apartments-sopebra.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach air-conditioned unit within the complex is thoughtfully equipped with modern amenities including a desk, a safety deposit box, a flat-screen TV, and a terrace, ensuring a comfortable and secure environment. The private bathrooms come with a luxurious bath, adding a touch of elegance to the experience. Select accommodations boast either a balcony or a patio, offering stunning mountain views that promise to enchant every guest. To further enhance the comfort of your stay, bed linen and towels are meticulously provided in every unit.

For those looking to explore the beauty of Sarandë, Villa Sopebra offers sightseeing tours around the area. Adventure-seekers and nature enthusiasts will find the nearby fishing opportunities irresistible, while those in search of relaxation can bask in the tranquility of the villa's lush garden.

Strategically located, Villa Sopebra is a mere 300 meters from VIP Beach and 400 meters from Flamingo Beach, placing guests in the heart of Sarandë's most scenic coastal areas. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, located 97 km away, with the villa offering airport transfers and car rental services for a hassle-free travel experience.

Villa Sopebra emerges as a distinguished sanctuary, offering a blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it an ideal choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the charm of Sarandë.