---\ntitle: "Vinea Resort"\ndescription: "Vinea Resort emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, located a mere 35 km away from the historic Skanderbeg Square, offering a perfect blend of leisure and luxury for travelers."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492757459.jpg?k=169f063928f5009bf8edac1ce2763dc13d1df66963e8381522a60e234d00fb1f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vinea-resort\naddress: "Rruga Arapaj, 1001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31488507\n  lng: 19.53373128\nprice: "US$108"\npriceFrom: 108\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.4\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 121\nratings:\n  overall: 8.4\n  location: 7.9\n  cleanliness: 8.3\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 8.2\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.1\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492757459.jpg?k=169f063928f5009bf8edac1ce2763dc13d1df66963e8381522a60e234d00fb1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/217127467.jpg?k=f40ec558dde18c9415a6bc4cb262e66adf8e7167da19a5f02f88c1f92e4ab6f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559437.jpg?k=e2940c132ee6966d73bec68c2911449e8fb5d5c09d2b9c83a2bace2b6323aa1c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559451.jpg?k=61b8ad8f695f7a99ab0c8a447b89b7cff5e12761a49aea0132a568b0e9eab3c6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559467.jpg?k=86ffbbd9ee25776f5326561911d78151dfbea263aba3ae6c9cc497305a331d57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559477.jpg?k=a6473550bf9e6bc93a7463894091ae17e99dc6ee908998bced4ac0a7708e61f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559496.jpg?k=bc8f0d7f0d97dc7c9b0833eef7adf3fa17de5ad446c5c861aed2ced067d4b51d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478559512.jpg?k=e0b19fb9987755dbd854fcfbd1070edbb89eb0349d2e28e8519f239724468384&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478558904.jpg?k=2506fd9a2a7654a97f66bb349f55f456db98c65206241ee6eb511795799e56a3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Deluxe Double Room"\n  - "Economy Double Room"\n  - "Standard Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Taverna Sofra Permetare 1.1 km"\n  - "Pema E Jetes 2.6 km"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 3.5 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 6 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 7 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 4.8 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Xhuzepe Garibaldi 20 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kombinat 20 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 18 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Silvia"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“All the comfort you need. Nice staff. Quiet location. Nice rooms”"\n  - name: "Amanda"\n    country: "Sweden"\n    text: "“The resort was beautiful and clean and with car not too far from Durrës. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Rooms were exactly as shown in the pictures and the pool area was great.”"\n  - name: "Emilie"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Beautiful looking resort, in the middle of the wine yards. Huge property to enjoy a walk around and meet with some animals. You can enjoy dinner at a table with no one around since there is so many different areas to sit in the vast garden. The...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vinea-resort-amp-spa-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nThe presence of a welcoming bar adds to the charm of Vinea Resort, positioning it within a comfortable distance of 39 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, making it an ideal base for exploring the surrounding attractions. Guests are greeted with impeccable service around the clock, from a 24-hour front desk to convenient airport transfers, room service, and the luxury of free WiFi across the premises.

Accommodations at Vinea Resort are thoughtfully designed with guest comfort in mind. Each room is equipped with a wardrobe, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a restful stay. The addition of a private bathroom, complete with a shower and complimentary toiletries, enhances the feeling of exclusivity. Select rooms also feature a balcony, offering guests their own private vista. A minibar in every room ensures refreshments are always at hand.

For those traveling with children, the resort offers a playground, making it a family-friendly destination. Located just 6.1 km from the Rock of Kavaje and 35 km from the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Vinea Resort serves as a gateway to explore the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, is conveniently 29 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Vinea Resort stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of tranquility, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their visit to Durrës.