---\ntitle: "Vintage and warm 2BR apartament in Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at the Vintage and Warm 2BR Apartment, a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434449946.jpg?k=58d0b9f6b33c4c9d0e112471f7d2877a74ca85d553ea42b97a33a33a55f360ff&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vintage-and-warm-2br-apartament-in-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32293545\n  lng: 19.81728152\nprice: "US$57"\npriceFrom: 57\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 36\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 8.8\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434449946.jpg?k=58d0b9f6b33c4c9d0e112471f7d2877a74ca85d553ea42b97a33a33a55f360ff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434453286.jpg?k=cb0df09734308631ca3515b91aa3f55b8e13cbfebfaa324b9d76be0982d8d04e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434454736.jpg?k=bf05eb3b6edd1ef22c77a1fe58004611c9393c071904a4c64e0825bd82406931&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434451175.jpg?k=c5552e74a27af762aae6d342583e2274671357202bf0d0033f09dadfb7f3c3f3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434455351.jpg?k=f0d1d58cf054587dc971de1adb301ab895277976bdc846aff0651dd744c4f08d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434451870.jpg?k=32296141e844b9625cfd1e06aa0491d5564cb84ba8b065efd3336ed517fb0f0c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434453132.jpg?k=fcf54156c9199afe8e8f1065207c1c2ba6c5c53a47915d7bcb2e0f201fec6b17&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434451042.jpg?k=4dc22087a7418e92834400655ce47f52986cbda26edc167b056f14cd9fd8d9dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/434450331.jpg?k=9475a464f1c1adaf4291f6fa55fc29246f997f4779dbaf26dd555f6b20141eb8&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 700 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 850 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.7 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirana Fish&Burger 30 m"\n  - "Taverneta by Whisky 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rinia Park 200 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 200 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 300 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 350 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 450 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Chris"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Location close to bars and restaurants, short walk to sightseeing places”"\n  - name: "Adam"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Nice apartment, everything what you need is inside. Perfect contact with host.”"\n  - name: "Laura"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“It is very central in a good area of Tirana, close to everything. The hostess is very well prepared and very helpful. 100% recommendable.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vintage-and-warm-2br-apartament-in-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just offer a place to rest; it's a slice of home with its spacious layout, featuring two well-appointed bedrooms, a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and microwave. For those longer stays or when you just need to freshen up your wardrobe, a washing machine is at your disposal, ensuring all the comforts of home are at your fingertips. The inclusion of two bathrooms with showers, along with complimentary towels and bed linen, adds an extra layer of convenience to your stay.

One of the apartment's most notable features is its ability to offer tranquility amidst the city's hustle and bustle, thanks to its quiet street views. This makes it an ideal retreat after a day of exploring Tirana's rich tapestry of attractions.

Speaking of exploration, the apartment is a stone's throw away from several of Tirana's must-see sites. Rinia Park, Saint Paul Cathedral, and the House of Leaves are all within a 600-meter radius. For those interested in Albania's history, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is just 500 meters away. Other nearby points of interest include the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, each offering a unique glimpse into the city's culture and history.

For guests arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

In summary, the Vintage and Warm 2BR Apartment in Tirana is more than just a place to stay; it's a gateway to experiencing the heart and soul of Albania's capital, all while providing the comforts and conveniences that make for a memorable visit.