---\ntitle: "Vintage Blloku Apartment"\ndescription: "Vintage Blloku Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478859571.jpg?k=2b48dacbcb59ba32713cbbf50b83fac6ff90699573f7d2d55f82144966a11f57&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vintage-blloku-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Brigada VIII, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32227073\n  lng: 19.81701806\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 34\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 8.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478859571.jpg?k=2b48dacbcb59ba32713cbbf50b83fac6ff90699573f7d2d55f82144966a11f57&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478802165.jpg?k=ed6308648bd54600d868b3db00e336a1b279f7e444fd6b8b52821166529b635c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478806908.jpg?k=3639f11ff38f1c27b7431a735afff9c12788f01dee57e42e3a77682fafbd9641&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478802060.jpg?k=448df7d9677a7225603b395a189d85953a74f78d5974e6df92cb0b1bcf8afe46&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478860112.jpg?k=bd1ad5aa052a565f8e84b8f87d12cd7564806d0b1fd7eaff09d11538c97b4582&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478797442.jpg?k=f343a9c47473104cde0861ba0ac8bd4e183e9a8e8f820f509537508202de9ca1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478860334.jpg?k=e609e33220f8bff4af79a5c894e6f68db5b6a61dc9f0ba3809d1fde2270faabf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478803053.jpg?k=c7bb3c1c1aa6db208febc8d6f00eeb182af8c09bdc717894a3005098250af8c4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478859663.jpg?k=eab1f055144d628b56069d8831d92b5676fed569a7a02e79fd35121b7110d87a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Three-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.8 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Saga 10 m"\n  - "Pepper Lounge 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 150 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 300 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 400 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 400 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 500 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Emirian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Cdo gje ishte perfekte, apartament i madh dhe me cdo gje te nevojshme. Pastertia shume e mire, wifi shume i shpejte. Apartamenti ndodhet ne zonen me te njohur te Tiranes dhe me cdo gje afer.”"\n  - name: "Explorer989"\n    country: "Cyprus"\n    text: "“City center location - area full of nightlife Lounge bar and restaurant next door
Easy check in - self
Easy check out - self
Very spacious apartment
Clean and tidy
Good communication with landlord, quick repsonses on anything you might need”"\n  - name: "Bujar"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“It's wery cleaning and maintenance of city Tirana And the Staff it's wery friendly”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vintage-blloku-apartment-tirane2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a haven of space and comfort. Guests are welcomed into a generously sized apartment featuring three bedrooms and two bathrooms, ensuring ample space for families or groups. The inclusion of bed linen, towels, a flat-screen TV with streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen underscores the apartment's commitment to providing a home-away-from-home experience. The balcony, offering sweeping city views, adds a touch of elegance to the stay, while the air-conditioned unit with a bidet and dressing room emphasizes the attention to detail in ensuring guest comfort.

Connectivity is seamless throughout the property, with free WiFi enabling guests to stay connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures in Tirana. The convenience of private parking on site is a notable perk for those exploring the area by car. Emphasizing a smoke-free environment, Vintage Blloku Apartment ensures a healthy and pleasant stay for all guests.

The apartment's location is a nexus of cultural exploration, with the Pyramid of Tirana, Reja - The Cloud, and Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument within easy reach. These landmarks not only enrich the stay with historical insights but also offer unique photo opportunities. For travelers flying in, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 15 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Vintage Blloku Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the vibrancy of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of exploration right at its doorstep.