---\ntitle: "Violet Sea View Apartment"\ndescription: "Violet Sea View Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and scenic beauty in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279952.jpg?k=76299f8445f2fc40e9913f1ada2a5129bb119f5cda641858444c42bf6e3bcce4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: violet-sea-view-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.87220099\n  lng: 19.99405238\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.4\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279952.jpg?k=76299f8445f2fc40e9913f1ada2a5129bb119f5cda641858444c42bf6e3bcce4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279985.jpg?k=9df4adfabe0e5f6c1abacf019b5508b07c9f9e2359beb33c2ab9b289bc25188a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279901.jpg?k=c3ed665ad77efbfdf56a15993fc78b43f116be4ee000922f802f464e832afff0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279980.jpg?k=1a9d6b8d03c542715f51d465a36aad0acf6292f239f3d66f24eb2672fd1d6d7e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279972.jpg?k=8af54892c32824438f7cafd84fc0f6b8f207d9d5fe1a58e25ca94aeba477d5b0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279948.jpg?k=4287023c1d547b2b58f84c4c4adcef0cd30c3d3b330626d8fa7575e617e0fdea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279983.jpg?k=8af7ff0e9cedb79c2ea43b1d7359dcb73c38ccb5af0fa8563865bc7251b7c713&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279961.jpg?k=751a5759b5deb66151f41c37286aa35c9b0d8ae785e5d888a28605fbd5ce2364&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511279966.jpg?k=5d04e99eaf9d3a98e607ac7968bba23f087da5958ea305288dcaea12ff275b15&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 30 m"\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 100 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.2 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Remigiusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The apartment was over our expectations. Frstly, it was very clean. There were everything what you need to long stay: fridge, dishwasher, dishes, linen, towels, hair dryer, washing machine, tv, etc. All furnitures and equipments there was of a...”"\n  - name: "Judith"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“very good place, with a wonderful view on the sea.”"\n  - name: "Dragana"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“Ideal for families with kids. We stayed in a flat equiped with as much home appliances, kitchenware and homeware as you can think of. There is a beautiful beach just below the balcony. Building is in a quiet part of Saranda, by the sea, 10-15 min...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/violet-apartment-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It boasts a spacious layout that includes a bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen featuring modern appliances such as a dishwasher and an oven. The inclusion of air conditioning adds to the comfort, making it a cozy retreat after a day under the sun. The highlight, however, is the terrace that offers breathtaking sea views, allowing guests to soak in the beauty of the Ionian Sea from the comfort of their accommodation. For those who appreciate the allure of nature, the apartment also provides captivating mountain views, adding to the overall tranquility of the stay.

Practical amenities have not been overlooked. Guests benefit from complimentary private parking and free WiFi, ensuring both convenience and connectivity throughout their stay. The commitment to a non-smoking environment further enhances the appeal for those seeking a clean and healthy living space.

For explorers eager to delve into the local culture and natural beauty, Violet Sea View Apartment serves as an ideal base. It is conveniently located just a short drive from the enchanting Butrint National Park and within proximity to Maestral Beach. Moreover, for guests arriving from afar, the property offers a paid airport shuttle service from Ioannina Airport, located 98 km away, adding a layer of ease to the travel experience.

In summary, Violet Sea View Apartment stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and natural beauty, making it a highly recommended choice for those planning a visit to Sarandë.