---\ntitle: "Vip Apartment by \"Murati\""\ndescription: "Vip Apartment by \"Murati\" emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience, complemented by stunning sea views."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130769350.jpg?k=1e24ee849649c885aaacadbede857b5d670ef775acd3911fc63915d5aba93a8a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vip-apartment-by-murati\naddress: "SH81, Ksamil, Albania, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77305717\n  lng: 20.00454783\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 28\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130769350.jpg?k=1e24ee849649c885aaacadbede857b5d670ef775acd3911fc63915d5aba93a8a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130970124.jpg?k=e2ead74349bc94469f8a2cf3dcfe439be97743c72ef15eb41ff0cbd034a1ab4f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130970046.jpg?k=7eca84f67276b98e004b79d0721f3175b18e9e3b99630421d909066d5a17497a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130983771.jpg?k=4b36bea33ff42c3cb5f88fd06c089fb0467012346b22dc01440101f3b3644fed&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130969697.jpg?k=4adcd992e6a55e91c07c909c403fda0779de64ba1fb9df73a404181d90c103eb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130983743.jpg?k=6b1508f67b76258837a5467cf28fa877a3bce7ccc45a27fd41ddb79c48123e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130983748.jpg?k=2b1da63a9a98271203fd85a0fdb17f17b89d5a3c9ef29f77b78a9df9df79758d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130970298.jpg?k=303a82df281f4a2bfb78a37c08145424f7e0ffeb254f7df70178a196271a7647&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130970356.jpg?k=9c2db7a72d19514cc239c2c0190411caa3a2039fa4aaa10c6fc9527aec0596ca&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fast Food 4 Valltaret 40 m"\n  - "Pizzeria Ring 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 200 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 400 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 550 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 550 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 700 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Klaus"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Nice and spacious apartment. Balkony with a great view. Good value for money.”"\n  - name: "Lefter"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean,with great facilities and it has an amazing view. The staff was nice and the food was good!”"\n  - name: "Ina"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Das Appartement war sehr sauber und wurde alle zwei Tage gereinigt. Die Aussicht vom Balkon ist super. Auch mit dem Frühstück waren wir sehr zufrieden. Es gibt alles was man braucht in der Nähe (Supermarkt, Restaurants, Bankomat....) Der Strand...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vip-apartment-by-quot-murati-quot.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, offering two well-appointed bedrooms, ensuring a restful night's sleep for all guests. Entertainment and connectivity are readily available, thanks to the inclusion of a flat-screen TV equipped with satellite channels and complimentary WiFi access throughout the property. For those who prefer to dine in, the kitchen comes fully equipped with a fridge, an oven, and even a washing machine, making it easy to cater to both long and short stays.

Adding to the appeal, Vip Apartment by "Murati" features an inviting bar and a terrace, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The on-site restaurant presents a convenient dining option, while the choice between a continental or buffet breakfast each morning offers a delightful start to the day.

With the added benefits of free private parking, guests will find Vip Apartment by "Murati" to be a seamless blend of hospitality and home-like comfort, making it an excellent selection for those looking to experience the area's charm without compromising on modern conveniences.