---\ntitle: "VISI Apartments"\ndescription: "VISI Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Ksamil."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502565002.jpg?k=54f4cd2384165f8bd61e46ad21a1f027bf050af3323c38677db7d18cc54f8f99&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: visi-apartments\naddress: "9706 Butrinti st, 2696 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.76720792\n  lng: 20.00214458\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502565002.jpg?k=54f4cd2384165f8bd61e46ad21a1f027bf050af3323c38677db7d18cc54f8f99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455547727.jpg?k=061c5d40fa1eab8d2a42eafa041609e1843829a9d8517d21d3a37cb4abceeb79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455551495.jpg?k=30e7dd577fac13accf5b6cb45e027f08ae872b3b3d824b979f06016262fd11d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/457400128.jpg?k=6098965f022210ae22574951958a835962d3f82df00277ce122a63b8ecbd0ced&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/502563533.jpg?k=7ab194f9c714ba4b8ce7c985ca32c04d01ee5ff53c40fafba35481214ea8ec67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487634551.jpg?k=4580b95a103d16fb2c383c53d6abe090e6fabb0ada003f7dde6603e818899a22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487634450.jpg?k=fa3cc31120d7bd623fc7cb54072612943a304e663fcacffc71443ac4d3d31d96&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487634167.jpg?k=64431977417a0e8c6465d5a41233deb952e9e137d0e00a7f0e39cf7076e53d12&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/487634071.jpg?k=3302dfd344bf0c07adc9cc782c66fea152aa3163b6f928ac82580a1b14ef7187&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (77 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 17 km"\n  - "New Fortress 17 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 18 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 18 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 19 km"\n  - "Kapodistrias Museum 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Meat Shop&Grill Rrapa 20 m"\n  - "Agave 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 9 300 m"\n  - "Paradise Beach 500 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 550 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 600 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 600 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 40 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.7 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.6 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 17 km"\n  - "Public Garden 17 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 17 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 17 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 19 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leonard"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“Very central and short walk to beach. great views from 3rd floor balcony. On site parking made things convenient. Lots of restaurants and shops right downstairs, important since no breakfast. Close drive to archaeological park as well.”"\n  - name: "David"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“súper close to the beach and you can move really easily from the hotel to any part in ksamil”"\n  - name: "Stefanie"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“The room was very clean, the toilet also, in the kitchen part you have everything you need for a short stay: coffee cups, glasses... The room is spatious, the mattresses are comfy enough ... In short say: its worth for the money you pay.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/visi-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments are equipped with modern amenities, including satellite flat-screen TVs, washing machines, and fully equipped kitchens with dishwashers and ovens, ensuring a stay that combines the comforts of home with the luxury of a holiday retreat. For those who appreciate attention to detail, the option to request towels and linens is available, enhancing the convenience factor.

One of the unique features of VISI Apartments is the outdoor fireplace and barbecue area, inviting guests to enjoy memorable evenings under the stars. The property prides itself on being a non-smoking establishment, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Situated within easy reach of other popular beaches like Bora Bora Beach and Paradise Beach, visitors have the luxury of exploring the area's coastal gems. For those looking to venture further, Corfu International Airport is located 92 km away, making VISI Apartments an accessible escape for international travelers.

With its combination of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and the promise of a tranquil beachfront experience, VISI Apartments is a standout destination for those seeking to immerse themselves in the beauty of Ksamil.