---\ntitle: "VISI 2 APARTMENT 2minutes walking from apartment to beach resevations only 2 nights and more"\ndescription: "VISI 2 APARTMENT stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort during their stay in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481679990.jpg?k=eeda9cd2ca48d77c232b695ef1aa77f7726e09cb3999308ee774b4223aad95bc&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: visi-2-apartment-2minutes-walking-from-apartment-to-beach-resevations-only-2-nights-and-more\naddress: "Rruga Iliria, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3005561\n  lng: 19.4992384\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/481679990.jpg?k=eeda9cd2ca48d77c232b695ef1aa77f7726e09cb3999308ee774b4223aad95bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/481680966.jpg?k=45f5ae589ab21dd5ccead2e290a3b82df0edd88c87c7315fd79536d0de513321&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/481680963.jpg?k=b0ccb8f0db68eddcaaecae4f03bc7f8a76fab568ff6de1f04f95562c9b5342da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/481680968.jpg?k=ed08016e6a7054fe67001714b2a1893e60943b64fd3e4cc9478448564a3ff3e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/481680965.jpg?k=7ab5cbe8916479baa57284cb5ccd69cab3259090ccbbdd55fccca386fb4a9f0b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max500/481680964.jpg?k=e57ce8ebb19a27f421b3589fd9b0b3176c31f7e5c028a6d7390a2605b75c8458&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Esperado 100 m"\n  - "Shatervan Iliria 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 200 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 4.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.5 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.9 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 21 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/visi-2-apartment-2-minutes-walkingapartment-beach.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis accommodation doesn't just boast an enviable location; it offers a tranquil retreat after a day of exploration. Guests will find themselves in a meticulously composed apartment featuring one bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who love to prepare their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are met with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring relaxation is just a click away. Importantly, the entire apartment is a non-smoking zone, maintaining a fresh and welcoming environment for all guests.

Connectivity is never an issue, as free WiFi is accessible throughout the property, allowing guests to easily share their experiences or stay in touch with loved ones. For those intrigued by history and culture, the Rock of Kavaje and the Durres Amphitheatre are located just 3.7 km and 7.8 km away, respectively, promising enriching local excursions.

Moreover, the apartment's proximity to notable sites such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, all approximately 39 km away, adds to its appeal for those keen to delve into Albania's rich history and vibrant city life.

Accessibility is further enhanced by the close proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated just 34 km from the apartment, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible for international travelers.

In summary, VISI 2 APARTMENT offers a harmonious blend of location, comfort, and convenience, making it an outstanding choice for those planning a memorable stay in Durrës. Whether it's soaking up the sun on the nearby beach or exploring the historical and cultural gems of the area, this property promises a base that feels like home, yet is close to the heart of the action.