---\ntitle: "Vitamine Sea Apartment"\ndescription: "Vitamine Sea Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476748841.jpg?k=9ea12f9bc2dc9602806ddb0b63b0eadcf3d60d02a3581292fd334534d82a83c0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vitamine-sea-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ankona 6th floor, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.2808128\n  lng: 19.51303362\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 6\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476748841.jpg?k=9ea12f9bc2dc9602806ddb0b63b0eadcf3d60d02a3581292fd334534d82a83c0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476752033.jpg?k=2571a04d81fdb1a4fe0617e5a27b12ed3f0746192579bc90c0712cd39c694526&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476750364.jpg?k=d40c675b8ccd912766a0d165360fec9495e354dd03ebc7554f43d8afcc1fdea2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476751411.jpg?k=ff526dfb5adaf0427d4ef95f37de6678bd65e94bba0b323328a774db0028325c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476750488.jpg?k=89515dc6ef82575cdd394a35e3e710f3acb3b040374f38c5351bac1e5fc4587f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476751235.jpg?k=004e305d891fc6f124ab79592d661f1d870d2fc0555631cfebeb1e2f5c43500a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476750994.jpg?k=767580d47f8825cad5064b06796ecd391f248177fad67ec20238f95912f7c205&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476750222.jpg?k=9ca95b8189d3f8e744da0652239e7f2c964dabdae0c4a05eb9a0ac751f10ad79&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476751381.jpg?k=673c9377deb846a2a99815a5ea3ed2eec94234452680b5e6a087a3f717ccc4d4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Tirona 50 m"\n  - "Tirona 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 50 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 650 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 3.7 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 6 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 7 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 7 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 7 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 7 km"\n  - "1. Maj 7 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 7 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mircea"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Near to the Dures center ( 10 minutes with the car during the day , in the evening about 35 minutes). Nice sea view from the balcony when you drink the morning coffee made it at espresso machine from apartment . Great and helpfull host also 🤗....”"\n  - name: "Emir"\n    country: "Bosnia and Herzegovina"\n    text: "“The apartment is magical, comfortable and clean. Everything is like in the pictures, only better in person. You have everything you need for a family stay. The apartment is right on the beach. Mr. Aurel is at your service all the time and all...”"\n  - name: "Anna"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Tágas, nagy apartman 2 hálószobával. Teljesen új, modern berendezéssel. Minden megtalálható benne, ami egy kényelmes lakásban kell. Lift működik a házban, amihez kaptunk egy kis érzékelőt, csak azzal használhattuk. Minden szobában külön állíthatò...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vitamine-sea-apartment-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is thoughtfully designed with two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen boasting a dishwasher and an oven, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the modern bathroom, complete with a walk-in shower, adds a touch of elegance. For those concerned with privacy and tranquility, the apartment's private entrance and soundproofing are sure to impress.

Dining at Vitamine Sea Apartment is an experience in itself, with a family-friendly restaurant offering an inviting outdoor dining area. Additionally, guests can enjoy the convenience of an on-site bar, perfect for evening relaxation.

For adventurers eager to explore the surroundings, the apartment's proximity to Golem Beach and the iconic Skanderbeg Square, along with the availability of a car rental service, make it an ideal base. Moreover, the property is located 36 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid airport shuttle service available for ease of travel.

In summary, Vitamine Sea Apartment stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to enjoy the beauty of Durrës, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury.