---\ntitle: "Viva apartments"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Përmet from the comfort of Viva Apartments, a prime choice for travelers seeking both convenience and tranquility."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444587007.jpg?k=7445767e15fb1042ffe895b77d1c937ffcdc118057ecb935c1e8fbf8a4f4c0c8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: viva-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Tomorr Mullaraj Apartment 2, first floor, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.23557981\n  lng: 20.35109343\nprice: "US$19"\npriceFrom: 19\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 62\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444587007.jpg?k=7445767e15fb1042ffe895b77d1c937ffcdc118057ecb935c1e8fbf8a4f4c0c8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444354488.jpg?k=d0d45556a1c39f8d20a75ed4ea94f1c25ddc8609776682446e563ab982627567&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444354197.jpg?k=c766ef55204cae473a5f227c355a20d499f16e0f498388e82c1b6219c7773c5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444586994.jpg?k=6f60e62942e4b7e760a3a5f517dc6279f768c25085bc2a26eb24c5c7a7717b39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444586539.jpg?k=2cd48fc77a95b811f66a4601f8e84aaae6630ca1a2431182b9985bb1ae2564b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444354614.jpg?k=493324eba1448dc31a262bc719a936a4e33c81d2b1e7c566fc9042da6a234d0a&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Veranda 150 m"\n  - "Hani Kikes 200 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Orsiel"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Really nice service, a beautiful and clean place, and a very nice owner. Very recommended”"\n  - name: "Kamila"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The place had high standard, there was normal European-shower what was with a glass (what's not obvious in Albania), the beds mattress was super comfortable :) and there were a lot of parking spots in from of the building. We had a box to collect...”"\n  - name: "Emmanuelle"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The host and her husband were more than exceptional: friendly, service-oriented. My best experience in Albania by far when it comes to lodging. They waited for me to arrive and they both insisted on carrying my luggage inside, lent me an umbrella...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/viva-apartments-permet1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Quiet Retreats"\nbestCategories: "Quiet Retreats"\ncategory: "Quiet Retreats"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Viva is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning for those warm summer days. The kitchens are fully stocked, allowing guests the freedom to prepare their meals just the way they like. From a flat-screen TV for evening entertainment to a private bathroom stocked with slippers and a hairdryer, every detail is thoughtfully considered. The inclusion of a toaster, fridge, and kettle further enhances the convenience factor, making it feel like a home away from home. Moreover, the provision of fresh bed linen and towels in every unit underscores the complex's attention to cleanliness and comfort.

Situated a mere 90 km from Ioannina Airport, Viva Apartments offers an accessible retreat for those looking to explore the beauty of Përmet or simply seeking a peaceful escape. Whether it's the allure of the surrounding area or the exceptional amenities, this apartment complex promises a memorable stay for all who visit.