---\ntitle: "Vivo Apartment"\ndescription: "Vivo Apartment emerges as a serene oasis in Durrës, located just a stone's throw away from the pristine Durres Beach and within a comfortable distance from the heart of Albanian culture, Skanderbeg Square."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367733268.jpg?k=6ca8a8a54211473a783938fe99e8a6e9adb15c5b16e16bf6bd1ef71d25eaf195&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vivo-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Prokop Mgjergo, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31356992\n  lng: 19.48212062\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 26\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367733268.jpg?k=6ca8a8a54211473a783938fe99e8a6e9adb15c5b16e16bf6bd1ef71d25eaf195&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504864015.jpg?k=3cce115e1f64267874a1294fa6769615b8b5ae3fdb7a7e8acef37a96da7e29ba&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451135835.jpg?k=692734d0b4eed7ccb9e5a224dba5f1db60d269093b320af82e4a2414c7bb3b9b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504863917.jpg?k=6eecc82e38c3faa3f493d9d57c87c777230ed066d43a2474502de33570b70d0d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451159583.jpg?k=cf944bd8a1ce1c008a5919182f6d469df0bf75ff09ff26cd73c634d4aac6aa9f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/504864013.jpg?k=b6c0dc3c6666c631513365c033f5d08535a503b84b103bde91393d35da14afe6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/373833082.jpg?k=64a9a90884ca5d2bb7a6c4f60785ec332ced0161acd4a4fc33df56c99ed77f42&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/451137504.jpg?k=e83bb0fdaff38d93ccb9bd6cd0b074f0981bdee331cd3c65830daffb9eca3861&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/462508537.jpg?k=b5fac2c8183dd4da58ec77f867f8233d5a31ee3d249be5e8b2257e1a796e3306&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Vushtrria 200 m"\n  - "Venera 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 250 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 1.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 2.8 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 2.8 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 2.9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Akintade"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Clean and tidy. Excellent service. Ideal for purpose of trip. Friendly host, provide blankets, nice coffee and great location.”"\n  - name: "Anita"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The apartment was perfect for our party of 4. We arrived quite late but the host accomodated this without any issues. The apartment was clean and really close to the beach. I'd recommend it for people wanting to relax on the seaside in Albania.”"\n  - name: "Sara"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The apartment was very clean and well organized. The owner very hospitality and nice. The location is closed to the beach. I recommend this apartment you will not get disappointed!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vivo-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, guests are greeted by the tranquil views of a meticulously maintained garden and an inviting inner courtyard, setting the stage for a stay marked by peace and privacy. The apartment itself does not disappoint, boasting spacious living quarters that include two well-appointed bedrooms, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living area that combines modern comforts with homely touches. The inclusion of a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services ensures entertainment is always at hand, while the fully equipped kitchen and dedicated dining area invite guests to savor home-cooked meals with a view of the garden from the balcony.

Security is paramount at Vivo Apartment, with full-day monitoring, bicycle parking, and currency exchange services adding an extra layer of convenience for guests. The charm of the property is further enhanced by the presence of a quaint coffee shop on-site, perfect for starting the day with a freshly brewed cup or unwinding in the afternoon.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate surroundings, the Rock of Kavaje is a short drive away, offering a glimpse into the natural beauty of the region. Meanwhile, history enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, providing a unique insight into Albania's past.

Accessibility is also a key feature of Vivo Apartment, with Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport located just 32 km away. The property facilitates travel arrangements with a paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a seamless transition from arrival to relaxation.

In summary, Vivo Apartment presents an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of Albanian charm. Whether it's basking in the coastal ambiance, exploring cultural landmarks, or simply enjoying the tranquility of the apartment, guests are sure to find a memorable escape.