---\ntitle: "Vjola Apartment"\ndescription: "Vjola Apartment stands as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065322.jpg?k=a4958b14b6ccb1e125865d139f344183d2780c274e362294a955e80a75c96c91&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vjola-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha 4, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8715169\n  lng: 19.99315954\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 7\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065322.jpg?k=a4958b14b6ccb1e125865d139f344183d2780c274e362294a955e80a75c96c91&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065665.jpg?k=738ba7d24013215bf20578d2c9c4ce313136f576c113c1070b5eb17f3d62c12f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490710001.jpg?k=1fc870fef51a472738ab76995fa2842429ddd9902a9105abb683e25a380e7696&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065064.jpg?k=4b4fbd244c763cefa6b467e6124d65aab9b67dd12a94239effefdad80c407791&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065250.jpg?k=5e342c11a535698dc23caf3750421caf1e68420bfe3df453065626158fa12cb3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515881674.jpg?k=a11be2230020f06ff8ce62ae2248dc8fd781fe8cf1cb574d9316649fd3d0bbb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065479.jpg?k=ae24a81617b7c1b33459bed5365989133ac0eb1faeea106c552ca6e3ee6a493c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065373.jpg?k=5d89adc2e0a36486608c0cb82e6498a1e937733ce15ca4354da75424f075ba40&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486065862.jpg?k=00764574ed240acde71c155dd8a80c5d8962eef7d77272bae75cc6651b4325b4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Zero Zero Beach 50 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Grill 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 20 m"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 2 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 3.1 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.6 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 12 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 13 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Georgios"\n    country: "Greece"\n    text: "“It was an excellent room! Very clean,new with lots of facilities and everything a family needs for vacation. Quite and beautiful area near the sea. The view from our room was amazing(the room has a sea view) The owners were very polite and...”"\n  - name: "Oleksandr"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Location. Size of apartment. Kitchen equipment. Elevator availability. Crowdless.”"\n  - name: "Albana"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“Belle appartement avec une vue magnifique sur la mer.
Appartement très propre et calme et avec toutes les commodités nécessaire pour passer un bon séjour.
Proche du centre ville et de la plage.
Très bon accueil.
Je recommande vivement😊”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vjola-bana-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThis beachfront gem boasts a generously sized apartment that not only offers breathtaking sea views from a private terrace but also ensures a comfortable stay with its well-appointed amenities. The apartment features a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and fridge, catering to all culinary needs. The convenience of a modern bathroom with a walk-in shower adds to the comfort of the stay. Guests have the unique opportunity to enjoy meals in the fresh air, thanks to the outdoor dining area, enhancing the experience of seaside living.

Adding to the appeal, Vjola Apartment is a haven of peace with its non-smoking and soundproof rooms, ensuring a tranquil retreat from the bustling city life. Its location is not only favorable for beach outings but also serves as a great starting point for exploring the local attractions, with Saranda City Beach just 1.7 km away and the historic Butrint National Park within a 18 km reach.

For those traveling from afar, the nearest airport, Ioannina Airport, is located 98 km away, making Vjola Apartment accessible for international and domestic visitors seeking a memorable stay in Sarandë.