---\ntitle: "Vlorë Seaview Studio Apartment & Box Garage"\ndescription: "Vlorë Seaview Studio Apartment & Box Garage presents an exceptional stay experience in Vlorë, perfectly positioned just a short distance from the city's iconic landmarks, Kuzum Baba and Independence Square, and merely 600 meters from the serene Ri Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361571.jpg?k=344a045fa9a0d1ed301307cddab149309ba1428858ac8ec605fadbd4fac9e9b4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vlor-seaview-studio-apartment-box-garage\naddress: "Rruga Francesko Krispi, 9405 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4391248\n  lng: 19.4987905\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 8.9\n  value: 9.4\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361571.jpg?k=344a045fa9a0d1ed301307cddab149309ba1428858ac8ec605fadbd4fac9e9b4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361566.jpg?k=a17f7814d3e2be285d8f80138fc8a6759a563a0581b293150444a02beea01a86&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361581.jpg?k=0af6283ea17679e6ba39afa83dad08bc0f3807a70412335531b40dca327f4e63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361618.jpg?k=e2d78cd72714411f1620860e8d2ad255eaea441bf62d1b6631b2a8b2416ea3d7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361599.jpg?k=303b0fed55c88677027b7b2dd2a9392bb91193732006651ef2d3d54608438adf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361628.jpg?k=31e10ab408f61f59dd87525257edb440787fc0a9def41bac18665d1503b2de5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361622.jpg?k=101fdf9a1000c546934cd8a164abca4dea5cebe6029c4feb6c231f9a3965b455&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361579.jpg?k=ee1c5615ed2ec6e58f453577ea1f142a6462d55d868fdd569038028c4899c752&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199361612.jpg?k=807d3c96647bb11cfcdc6dad00c53f42b717efe55054da7455dab59909d697e1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pizzeria City 250 m"\n  - "Bar Koral 300 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 500 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 550 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.3 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 400 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 3.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 3.6 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Mateusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“location was great, near to the beach and best restaurants.
very helpful owner!
garage included so we had a place for our motobike.
apartment was clean, and everything that we needed was inside, even iron and washer! beautiful view.”"\n  - name: "Nenad"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Great hosts. Apartment was very clean and well equipped, excellent location, near to the beach and all the good coffee shops and restaurants.
Highly recommended!”"\n  - name: "Oleksandr"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Чудовий вид із балкона. Добре влаштована господарем комфортність та зручність проживання.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/kela-39-s-beach-studio.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to modern comfort and convenience, boasting a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom stocked with essential linens and towels, and a living space that includes a flat-screen TV and a dining area. The heart of this accommodation, however, is its fully equipped kitchen and the adjoining balcony, offering breathtaking sea views that promise to elevate your dining experience. The addition of a patio, serving as an alternative outdoor dining area, underscores the apartment's commitment to providing spaces that are both functional and inviting.

For those seeking an added layer of privacy, the apartment's design includes a private entrance, ensuring a sense of seclusion and tranquility throughout your stay. Furthermore, the presence of a minimarket within the apartment complex adds a layer of convenience, allowing guests to easily procure necessities without venturing far from their comfortable retreat.

Located less than a kilometer from the picturesque Vlore Beach and with the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport situated 153 km away, Vlorë Seaview Studio Apartment & Box Garage stands as a beacon of comfort, convenience, and breathtaking beauty, promising an unforgettable stay in one of Vlorë's most desirable locations.