---\ntitle: "Vlora Backpackers Hostel & Bar LUNGOMARE"\ndescription: "Vlora Backpackers Hostel & Bar LUNGOMARE stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and adventure in Vlorë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367792611.jpg?k=5740eb8a3b1712cf597bb7e2a52cdb87753bd8eb327ab734b42f6e8f368af99b&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vlora-backpackers-hostel-bar-lungomare\naddress: "Rruga Lek Gjiknuri, shtepia 10, Lgj. 10 Korriku, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "hostel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.4480526\n  lng: 19.49596882\nprice: "US$12"\npriceFrom: 12\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 588\nratings:\n  overall: 9\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367792611.jpg?k=5740eb8a3b1712cf597bb7e2a52cdb87753bd8eb327ab734b42f6e8f368af99b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296504206.jpg?k=6060d763223b3b8ab682b710cb83daeb43f1bf4a4f46a53ccb96367dc4b3c111&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296501915.jpg?k=f9214ec09d246fe069eaeeeb5ac0e5f53aeaf7d7891a28e5b3be8d25de4689ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470524154.jpg?k=9f99c252738144bb4bbf50e236539e2ae0ed5d1063c71a4f18e71e4b287344ef&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/313765021.jpg?k=0b7218c78a7e3f4be607285eafc128d36f745b979356e7654e238f68fc2a29a8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/288773993.jpg?k=6b24cfe170292519da5439adfb3efb79757afd4972a810935fd397b1ef1669c1&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Bed in 8-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Bed in 6-Bed Mixed Dormitory Room"\n  - "Budget Double Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Patio 150 m"\n  - "Tradicional Zgara 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 200 m"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Ri Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 3.2 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 1.3 km"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.2 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.6 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Lydia"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Breakfast was included to the price and it was ok, staff was very nice, there are also lockers but you need to bring your own lock.”"\n  - name: "Beatriz"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The owner and staff were very welcoming always making sure that everything was ok! The hostel has a very homie feeling and it is very clean. The dogs are so cute as well!”"\n  - name: "Andreas"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“The staff was amazing and the atmosphere was very good. They have a good outside area to meet people. I did my laundry there and it was easy and very fast. I'd stay there again.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vlora-backpackers-hostel-vlore1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Vlora Backpackers are thoughtfully designed with guest convenience in mind. Select rooms feature cozy seating areas, creating a little nook of relaxation after a day of exploration. Despite the communal nature of the bathrooms, they are well-equipped with showers, slippers, and complimentary toiletries, ensuring a comfortable and hassle-free stay.

For those looking to explore Vlorë on two wheels, the hostel offers free bicycle use, with additional bikes available for hire. The surrounding area is renowned for its cycling-friendly routes, making it an ideal base for guests eager to discover the city's sights and sounds at their own pace.

Situated merely 700 meters from Independence Square and a short 1.1 km from the historic Kuzum Baba, the hostel's location allows for easy access to some of Vlorë's most significant landmarks. Vlora Backpackers Hostel & Bar LUNGOMARE is more than just a place to sleep; it's a gateway to adventure and local culture, promising an unforgettable stay for travelers of all kinds.