---\ntitle: "Vlora Bay Apartments"\ndescription: "Vlora Bay Apartments stands out as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Vlorë, positioned just a stone's throw away from the pristine Vlore Beach and within easy reach of Ri Beach and Vjetër Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442077581.jpg?k=10164ddd60444c32a2d26cb2b2b7f869133a3b9fa74642b31e062e94e8f8f3d0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vlora-bay-apartments\naddress: "RrugaHaziz Xhyherri, 9401 Vlorë, Albania"\ncity: "Vlorë"\nlocation: "Vlorë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.44462274\n  lng: 19.49562861\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 76\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442077581.jpg?k=10164ddd60444c32a2d26cb2b2b7f869133a3b9fa74642b31e062e94e8f8f3d0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526780752.jpg?k=da86b9a0f183b1b4c2255aa377e73c4779dcf33759928a97fc107e38e030c905&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526779825.jpg?k=5aeea12a70c8e38dafd823f074192a91b929d3d788852ebb3ab755cd07eed09d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486811287.jpg?k=3d4be2c46e5ebb8f6c4c67537ce3c6cb14ccbf6387d517ac1024d09b33168371&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/426557683.jpg?k=5dd9ea54c6765a8bf71d2716f3d7b04b1845e918a8fd17e3ad038bffb0c87866&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526779731.jpg?k=d7d5ff973bd8e65d4bae4500002526d7019e21d680278f862dd1371ef7f0d5f6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495875780.jpg?k=a2f8b4be6c3470ecd0a45338092199109739317c3859eee194bdacf8c453621f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526780637.jpg?k=87fa33e11bf8d6b76305b10db9e81ff95397da25432bb573a611f802c48f3eb2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/526780545.jpg?k=a0b16cf73adbdbc615e9223fa848173d247eeeee041a2179c4ff0a9dd778fa23&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Marinero Pizzeria 50 m"\n  - "Da Vinci 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Vlore Beach 50 m"\n  - "Ri Beach 1 km"\n  - "Vjetër Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "Beach at Government Villas 2.8 km"\n  - "Liro Beach 3.5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Scooby Doo Vlore 900 m"\n  - "Kuzum Baba 2.6 km"\n  - "Independence Square 2.9 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hyvarinen"\n    country: "Norway"\n    text: "“Location is really good. You can take public bus to other beaches or it would be smart to rent a car. Apartment was clean and bed was comfy.”"\n  - name: "Ardi"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Apartment was clean and well located by the sea (Lungomare). Lots of bars, cafes and restaurants around. Host was very friendly and prompt to answer my requests. Apartment is a studio with kitchen and appliances, fridge and a washing machine. It...”"\n  - name: "Xhino"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was super , owner is a friendly person , this apartament is modern , with new furnitures , TV flat screan , Air condition , Kitchen HiTech , floor is with parquete , bathroom have all neccessary facilities , bed is super comfortable and...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/studioflat.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment is thoughtfully designed to cater to the needs of modern travelers, featuring air conditioning, a seating area with a cable flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and a hairdryer, along with a patio offering an outdoor dining area and serene garden views, adds to the appeal of each unit. For added convenience, guests will find bed linen and towels provided in all units.

The presence of a minimarket on-site further enhances the stay, ensuring essentials are always within reach. For those looking to explore the local area, the historic Kuzum Baba and the vibrant Independence Square are just a short drive away, making Vlora Bay Apartments an excellent base for discovering the charms of Vlorë. With the nearest airport, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 152 km away, planning the journey to and from this coastal retreat is straightforward.

Vlora Bay Apartments emerges as a top recommendation for travelers who value both the tranquility of a beachfront location and the convenience of well-appointed accommodations.