---\ntitle: "VM Resort & SPA"\ndescription: "VM Resort & SPA stands as a premier 5-star destination in Golem, directly facing the pristine beachfront."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367648542.jpg?k=94dce54caaad06082956b4376433e91e046cf779da133fef9101404054901a37&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vm-resort-spa\naddress: "Rruga Bulevardi i Pishave, 2051 Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "resort"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.25352578\n  lng: 19.52068955\nprice: "US$78"\npriceFrom: 78\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 87\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.5\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 7.9\n  comfort: 8.5\n  staff: 8.3\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367648542.jpg?k=94dce54caaad06082956b4376433e91e046cf779da133fef9101404054901a37&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367652037.jpg?k=840ca318b980367cf75c078c813eaf9c1909d4dadadbe051006ee8b09cf348dc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367656828.jpg?k=9ee6e5d58e1b1d2db6fd9ea4253c424e6c622f395e2089f8daf16730d9288662&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338576542.jpg?k=6188ff0fc0eac69bd929e5a4ff7be6378942de9680b58a3e8f7e35e97e0b09f1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/367650980.jpg?k=1e42bed30d61a41951dfdcf04eff32f1c7738bc7ade0aed4b2c20dbea25d95d3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/338574698.jpg?k=49f48e76d7629c8e20295f4d9464d6d9aa359c6d7a27bb94ed7b3fb56d3911ca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298131604.jpg?k=5eab980ff76bdb59b24e4948d3fba5ab6b78bb5981fa836f77a5f87dcc4ee422&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298131619.jpg?k=8460fb02f2efe32faddceb5db25d05be392ba30b21a2b063ed5bd018ceb18d82&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/298132518.jpg?k=ff4892cde07e7f396d7ad90697812353b8952ccb79cb780b3d25049f9b0f4556&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Outdoor swimming pool"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\n  - "Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Triple Room with View"\n  - "Triple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Triple Room with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Pashtriku 150 m"\n  - "al&Ri 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Golem Beach 40 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 600 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Qerret Beach 2.7 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 9 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 9 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 9 km"\n  - "1. Maj 9 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 9 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 23 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Urim"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Super room view, delicious breakfast. The room was clean and staff very polite. Would recommend to anyone!”"\n  - name: "Stella"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“VM Resort even this time it did not disappointed me. We have been there to enjoy our days off. The room was very comfortable, clean and with a beautiful sea view. The staff was very friendly with a good vibe. ☺️ The food was delicious, you have...”"\n  - name: "Sotira"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“It was an awesome time in VM Resort. The breakfast including the restaurant was amazing. The beach was pretty close , clean and safe .The rooms were very clean with a wonderful view. The staff was friendly and helpful. I recommend it to everyone...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vm-resort-amp-spa.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach guest room at VM Resort & SPA is a sanctuary of comfort, featuring a private balcony for soaking in the views. The rooms are equipped with modern conveniences such as air conditioning and flat-screen TVs, with select accommodations offering stunning pool views. For added peace of mind, every room is outfitted with a safety deposit box.

Guests seeking rejuvenation will find solace in the hotel's spa center, an oasis of tranquility and wellness. 

VM Resort & SPA is ideally located for exploring the local area, with Golem Beach, Mali I Robit Beach, and Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach all within easy reach. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 41 km away, making the hotel a convenient choice for both leisure and business travelers.