---\ntitle: "Voda apartments"\ndescription: "Voda Apartments emerges as a serene oasis in Ksamil, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and convenience with its prime location just a stone's throw away from the pristine Ksamil Beach and the vibrant Coco Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455872083.jpg?k=645f1e1874d35cfacef812b7b318e14e7213b7b5a2e3d7652427a5a9f379601c&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: voda-apartments\naddress: "Rruga riza cerova ksamil Lagja numer 1, 9706 Ksamil, Albania"\ncity: "Ksamil"\nlocation: "Ksamil"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.77127386\n  lng: 20.00851745\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 24\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 7.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455872083.jpg?k=645f1e1874d35cfacef812b7b318e14e7213b7b5a2e3d7652427a5a9f379601c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455874567.jpg?k=0fcd8cc3a15256b71465903bcac9d4f52cd16df96234901bd6a11591d18b8e41&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455872040.jpg?k=6fa286f46cd48c3eb6589e54de3f5a47ce51625acc37d6cc8e8eeb21c723b585&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455868053.jpg?k=a88e38c735bf0d82d28eaa7390289c9ebe4544117d9c5e94ec30eeccb3b34d5c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455876769.jpg?k=9841c80604a0bbe84702c10451a49e8bac15d2abfbd12dfafae7aa6ab5c29f5b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/363705450.jpg?k=bce07f82f6aa2eea839de19b254d39ec669753cb481108264261b8245aa85fa0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455874497.jpg?k=240cc3168cd343ceeedb0ef5ee04d86d7766e6fa2fc4861117aa714584b54cda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455867340.jpg?k=fc0124564639047934a52895e972f825a8a79162aba14a057a8985063c5ad31e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/455867491.jpg?k=b268feab9c04846476e49f189cd05af9ee0d39503f58cec0c8007e673c3da37f&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Museum of Banknotes 18 km"\n  - "New Fortress 18 km"\n  - "Serbian Museum 18 km"\n  - "Theotoki G. Square 18 km"\n  - "Archaeological Museum 19 km"\n  - "Ntougkla Square 19 km"\n  - "Trion Martiron Park 19 km"\n  - "Mon Repos Palace 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Fe & Fa 200 m"\n  - "Lori Beach Bar - & Café 250 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Ksamil Beach 550 m"\n  - "Coco Beach 800 m"\n  - "Bora Bora Beach 850 m"\n  - "Ksamil Beach 7 850 m"\n  - "Sunset Beach 900 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Butrint National Park 0 m"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 650 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.2 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 3.3 km"\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 10 km"\n  - "Byzantine Museum 18 km"\n  - "Public Garden 18 km"\n  - "Solomos Museum 18 km"\n  - "Asian Art Museum 18 km"\n  - "Old Fortress 18 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 20 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 69 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Antonio"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“Very good apartment !! The apartment is very quiet and modern ! The garden is wonderful full of flowers !! It has inside secure parking ! The beach was 10 minutes walking fron apartment! The apartment is near to the center , shops and restaurant !...”"\n  - name: "Sergio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Wonderful apartment , very welcoming and friendly host !! The apartment is well equipped! The bed is big and very comfortable!! The studio has a very large balcony with the side view of the lake of butrint!! The apartment is near to center ,...”"\n  - name: "Nikola"\n    country: "North Macedonia"\n    text: "“Excellent stay! Very good staff! Everything was ok! Very clean! I recommend it to everyone!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/voda-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Voda Apartments are thoughtfully designed with the modern traveler in mind, boasting air-conditioned spaces that blend functionality and comfort. Each unit is equipped with a satellite flat-screen TV, a cozy seating area, and a fully furnished kitchen, catering to all the needs of its guests. The private entrance to each apartment adds an extra layer of privacy, making it a perfect choice for families seeking a peaceful getaway.

Attention to detail is evident in the provision of amenities such as complimentary toiletries and bed linen, ensuring a comfortable stay. The option of a terrace or balcony in each apartment offers breathtaking views of the surrounding mountains and lake, inviting guests to unwind and soak in the natural beauty of the area.

For those looking to explore the beauty of Ksamil and its surroundings, Voda Apartments facilitates adventure with both bicycle and car rental services available on-site. The proximity to Bora Bora Beach and the historic Butrint National Park, just a short drive away, positions Voda Apartments as an ideal base for exploring the natural and cultural treasures of the region.

Situated 93 km from Corfu International Airport, the journey to Voda Apartments is a worthwhile venture into a world of serene landscapes, exceptional comfort, and warm hospitality, promising an unforgettable stay in the heart of Ksamil.