---\ntitle: "Voga Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Voga Guesthouse, located in the heart of Krujë, emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490258952.jpg?k=86acc7a2c5fc96bba384f7b79722f2e6dd75892653137b7fefd51fea593c9450&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: voga-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Albanopolis, 1501 Krujë, Albania"\ncity: "Krujë"\nlocation: "Krujë"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.50627132\n  lng: 19.79330783\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 19\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 8.8\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.1\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490258952.jpg?k=86acc7a2c5fc96bba384f7b79722f2e6dd75892653137b7fefd51fea593c9450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490259038.jpg?k=90e2b9ee7e3bf43ede56726b6bd161919538555a7e857e33c4ebdc0561784d07&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490259034.jpg?k=d05c59ce1395efa9e2ebf1d5917356a349cc8c84e945858fd3bea03482a22886&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490259041.jpg?k=8f2299275219ef9b85b21333b81579adbd26e9a4839807bb63a051eb647eb1e1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490259004.jpg?k=2d4f971b36193aa2babe2f7ee9976fee3cac1595849e19bb05f5750bebe1fa30&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492036892.jpg?k=b6729b309e2283bd00f67489071d7ba6b8ed2c812650aa9e4c3ec006a63fad9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490259052.jpg?k=a788231c874a3aae1422d3db5d3bbb7515b5a14ca6d776467b3ebdfc36eb3dbb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/492036927.jpg?k=882e07435464cf2af8832a4dddcd043690ec116f4fe0aa65ff460782360e5c78&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/490264359.jpg?k=bffa3d5aeaefdab1692f5e126536ed8381252a6b3c3759d4d09f852cab4d9422&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Family Room"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 20 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 20 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 20 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Merlika 100 m"\n  - "Restorant Alba 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Dajti Mountain National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Allias 18 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 18 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Lord Bajron 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Gjolek Kokona 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 19 km"\n  - "Amazing Nature 19 km"\n  - "Sheshi Jjosef Shtraus 19 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ Yzberisht 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Amber"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Great apartment in a beautiful city. The hosts were helpful and very kind. Would definitely recommend !”"\n  - name: "Degial"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Fantastic house, marvellous balcony view, quiet place, location next to the castle. Medieval streets, medieval walls around, fabulous impression :-)”"\n  - name: "Tomasz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Świetna lokalizacja w mega klimatycznym miejscu. Piękny widok z tarasu. Pomocny personel”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/voga-gesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nBoasting spacious, air-conditioned rooms complemented by terraces, guests are treated to breathtaking mountain views right from the comfort of their balconies. The presence of free WiFi throughout the property ensures that guests remain connected and entertained during their stay.

The guesthouse is not just about the views; it also features modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, providing a cozy retreat after a day of adventure. City views add another layer of charm to the already picturesque setting.

Understanding the needs of its guests, Voga Guesthouse includes a convenient minimarket on-site. Families traveling with children will find the indoor play area and children's playground particularly appealing, making it a family-friendly option.

Situated 32 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and 48 km from the natural beauty of the Rock of Kavaje, the guesthouse's location allows for easy access to a variety of attractions. Additionally, its proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 18 km away, adds to the ease of travel for international guests.

Voga Guesthouse stands out as a welcoming haven for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and landscape of Krujë, offering a blend of convenience, comfort, and captivating views.