---\ntitle: "Vogli's House Apartments & Rooms"\ndescription: "Vogli's House Apartments & Rooms emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience mere steps away from Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405738014.jpg?k=3fa483fcd2fccdfe309d7b9106f3107e955a84a0dba0d4ecf3d8db240afd8331&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vogli-s-house-apartments-rooms\naddress: "Plazh Durres Rruga Pavarsia,Lagja 13,Plazh, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30988296\n  lng: 19.48510459\nprice: "US$17"\npriceFrom: 17\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.5\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 8.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.1\n  facilities: 7.6\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 7.9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405738014.jpg?k=3fa483fcd2fccdfe309d7b9106f3107e955a84a0dba0d4ecf3d8db240afd8331&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/209934393.jpg?k=2e7002320c609d84a344773b9c1eae597c389e26c9c6dd91bd44c9e8bd72fe3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405736289.jpg?k=0b43123b2ff7b63c69ec315f5a2d28e30b38217aa6f3922e6f6ca1d28e30cbde&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/249733053.jpg?k=b26edb33b191c929b36c99beecf80c3abecda730b10c21d519e33f3b4b04c8c3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/228692805.jpg?k=b8cfb06f16621bd78dcd381b1b684ca626418e934b52e56503c84f5d14b9e72b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/251161571.jpg?k=9d275f06b906654f53042da0e092120b4906d2ac49b23739b1806d02fac109e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370867847.jpg?k=0fea49a6e45600e9677237cc9691008b06aedbcc11c322d4f9679a4e142c22a7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/370868460.jpg?k=4a8c598453bdf4f8555d350dcdbae2362a777f11e29f0cbc9233ba295e0227da&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/405737274.jpg?k=8377623769941275328c28a8ee6bd590753de776c8e756d79cf97539e085c89b&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Triple Room with City View"\n  - "Superior Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni 20 m"\n  - "Hotel & Misiri 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 2.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 3.2 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 3.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 3.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 3.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 3.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jan"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The location is right on the main road and 2 minute walk to the beach. The room had nice decorations and everything was very clean. The owner is very friendly and he also runs a small store downstairs of the apartments, which was very useful for...”"\n  - name: "Milos"\n    country: "Serbia"\n    text: "“The owners are hospitable, polite. Every agreement is fulfilled to the maximum extent. The building is 200 meters from the beach. The breakfast was perfect, delicious!”"\n  - name: "Ardian"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“BEST PLACE *****
Acalmness and cleanliness with 5 stars a quiet and family environment very suitable and good I invite everyone to try it, they will be satisfied the staff cannot be described in words, correctness and honesty for every question...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vogli-39-s-house.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment and room is a testament to modern living, equipped with air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV in every unit. The private bathrooms are notably designed with walk-in showers and complimentary slippers, adding a touch of home-comfort luxury. For guests inclined towards self-catering, select rooms boast fully equipped kitchens, complete with all necessary kitchenware. A desk in every unit ensures that both leisure and business travelers can find their needs met.

The property doesn't just offer a place to stay; it invites guests to unwind in its lush garden, creating an oasis of calm in the heart of the city. For those looking to venture further, the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car is located 42 km away, offering breathtaking views and an unforgettable experience. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, a mere 6.6 km from the property, presents an opportunity for exploration and adventure.

Convenience is further underscored by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, just 32 km away, with Vogli's House providing a paid airport shuttle service for a seamless travel experience. This combination of thoughtful amenities, strategic location, and attentive services positions Vogli's House Apartments & Rooms as a distinguished choice for travelers to Durres.