---\ntitle: "Vrenjo GuestHouse"\ndescription: "Vrenjo GuestHouse stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the historic heart of Gjirokastër, just a stone's throw away from the serene Zaravina Lake."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296375105.jpg?k=5d679d07a3197e92f7a82303900679539bc5d93324b513f39ac7659748a019d6&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: vrenjo-guesthouse\naddress: "Rruga Lufta e Mashkullorës 3, 6002 Gjirokastër, Albania"\ncity: "Gjirokastër"\nlocation: "Gjirokastër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.07728082\n  lng: 20.14044732\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 196\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.7\n  cleanliness: 9\n  facilities: 8.4\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 9.6\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/296375105.jpg?k=5d679d07a3197e92f7a82303900679539bc5d93324b513f39ac7659748a019d6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476808973.jpg?k=1bcf791c4fcdb125a562af69ced052edf9c6954ed77593fa9f30ba9f85041636&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/114344694.jpg?k=8920742f4ebd0da118a84a45a937933ca902e14ab0f913d032b3cc71ea142e63&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/314224349.jpg?k=36e82d1383b61400e61c23a99a97667b23ade91ab22bcf9e62807f3f5b0dc4ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/319067549.jpg?k=7b7f345f3df40379ce2b9f10803fa6e5542737b579b3a9c6f3300fb4a2ec410a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/301492611.jpg?k=2d921225aa9cd66961d6025170544057df90d148ee62eb9a8f0115e2589e7c3d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bukowski Bar 100 m"\n  - "Media Club 200 m"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 55 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 71 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Connie"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Amazing location, so close to bazaar. Clean, plenty of towels and bedding to stay warm. Hot water was always there.”"\n  - name: "Iwona"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect. The location in old town, close to the main bazaar. The apartment was very clean and with everything what you need. The lady- the owner was very nice and helpful. Great stay!”"\n  - name: "Magdalena"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The breakfast was awesome and Albana was very friendly. Perfect place near the old town with a parking space.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/vrenjo.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Vrenjo GuestHouse are designed with the discerning traveler in mind. Each room boasts a balcony that opens up to breathtaking mountain vistas, providing a perfect backdrop for relaxation. The fully equipped kitchen, featuring a dishwasher and toaster, adds a touch of home, while the private bathroom with a walk-in shower offers a spa-like experience. The thoughtful inclusion of air conditioning, along with a cozy seating or dining area, bed linen, and towels, underscores the guesthouse's attention to comfort and convenience.

For those looking to explore the local area or venture further afield, Vrenjo GuestHouse facilitates adventure with its on-site car rental service. Additionally, the convenience of a minimarket on the premises ensures that guests' needs are promptly met.

Located 83 km from Ioannina Airport, the guesthouse also arranges for a paid airport shuttle service, making travel arrangements hassle-free. Whether it's the allure of Gjirokastër's rich history or the natural beauty of the surrounding landscape, Vrenjo GuestHouse offers an idyllic base for both relaxation and exploration.