---\ntitle: "Waterfront Apartments"\ndescription: "Waterfront Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on their visit to Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480257486.jpg?k=c746d10ee90b94be13d0cd6edd092fcc25f3256dcfde1944a99e6165d5bb3754&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: waterfront-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Pavaresia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3110076\n  lng: 19.4818209\nprice: "US$59"\npriceFrom: 59\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 15\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 8.6\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.5\n  value: 8.3\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480257486.jpg?k=c746d10ee90b94be13d0cd6edd092fcc25f3256dcfde1944a99e6165d5bb3754&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463133618.jpg?k=ecfd21b5ca766bb9163b9b22146dd3f30d6d0157ed26954c337737ddbf0f7cd9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/480257684.jpg?k=913e071f9829a06acdb71a80b82da1708693e352d46f78531cb53358babd609d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428463474.jpg?k=d6bb328bac0fdc8ea391b06e32913af0be2a7a77a2da905ca7e7f7653c93bd01&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463133570.jpg?k=632b28117a44fc8fe85add96798727b59cc728a7e6b2a2c257a5b2b7a6d5f50c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/428463456.jpg?k=a10d1c14af3bc1e67aff42106a4d37b804702ffe09debf07f450d745306785c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 2 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 2.9 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 3.6 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 4.2 km"\n  - "West End Beach 5 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Alina"\n    country: "Lithuania"\n    text: "“Arti pliažas, restoranai, parduotuvės. Apartamentai švarus, šeimininkė maloni. Vieta automobiliui.Viskas buvo puiku”"\n  - name: "Dumitru"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“- proprietatea este chiar pe malul marii
- la parterul blocului este in magazin Leo’s cu de toate
- gazda cumsecade si prompta la nevoiele clientului - apartamentul este confortabil si arată bine, - salteaua patului este excelenta,”"\n  - name: "Šemsa"\n    country: "Montenegro"\n    text: "“Apartman je na odličnoj lokaciji odmah uz obalu, u blizini su marketi, mjenjacnica novca,apoteka sve sto moze biti potrebno tokom odmora. Posebna zahvalnost vlasniku koji je ljubazan,odlicno govori engleski jezik, priskace u pomoc pri narucivanju...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/waterfront-apartments-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment at Waterfront Apartments is designed to cater to the needs of families and groups, offering spacious rooms with balconies that provide serene street views. The living spaces are well-appointed with satellite flat-screen TVs, cozy seating areas, and fully equipped kitchens featuring ovens and fridges, ensuring a home-away-from-home experience. The convenience of private bathrooms with bidets, along with the inclusion of bed linen and towels in all units, underscores the thoughtful amenities provided.

For guests looking to unwind with a drink, the on-site bar serves as a cozy spot to relax. Additionally, the availability of a car rental service directly from the apartment complex adds a layer of ease for those eager to explore the surrounding area.

Notably, the property is strategically located, with the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car 42 km away, offering adventurous guests the chance to experience breathtaking views. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje is just 7.2 km away, presenting an opportunity for exploration. For international travelers, the convenience of being 32 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport makes Waterfront Apartments an attractive option.

In summary, Waterfront Apartments not only promises a stay that is both comfortable and convenient but also positions itself as a gateway to the rich cultural and natural attractions of Durrës and beyond.