---\ntitle: "Wave n' Sea Apartments"\ndescription: "Wave n' Sea Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a serene beachfront escape in Himare, positioned merely steps away from the pristine Livadhi Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420659451.jpg?k=ac37c3f977b17db2b621e6c778266c66ff80b181830872953802ab9002825b62&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: wave-n-sea-apartments\naddress: "Himare - Livadh Road, 9425 Himare, Albania"\ncity: "Himare"\nlocation: "Himare"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.10958704\n  lng: 19.72353019\nprice: "US$43"\npriceFrom: 43\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 42\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.2\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 8.7\n  staff: 8.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420659451.jpg?k=ac37c3f977b17db2b621e6c778266c66ff80b181830872953802ab9002825b62&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456159615.jpg?k=6685f459718bf340557d728ddc84402319ca7c4e9c8919b542999efb89444c25&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465568768.jpg?k=3a629f2dc0d50c2d323af153610a7550ea862f6336d3063d42d1830c17f215c2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456159540.jpg?k=7d73a1736971e1269424542941d8b278a6ae6c5fd5fc2f28c0d4316f75ee95e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/420660920.jpg?k=a79e728522492d853d1fe20dfa0f71f3d0e5b52bb81c2b2aae352b8d6cb8eac1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/258798598.jpg?k=3e5998ffa75d148a7e8834d8a9091704a19283868c9974ceea943fe1d8ef0b99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456159728.jpg?k=25bee7c5e54faa7f8a7ac6b48de124baf22a15b5ed475e4fcae34aa2d5b3ca1b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/456159501.jpg?k=76697b154fbe3c6c840a81754f69ee6251c0d5315ca44511ab8447b4ad89aa09&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/493591707.jpg?k=4a9d7110b41d6c45f8cac3e2490b06eb66f4a76d77d27473b6f10258f8cbe348&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\n  - "Two-Bedroom House"\n  - "One-Bedroom House"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Odissea Li 10 m"\n  - "Viamare Beach Lounge Bar 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Livadhi Beach 0 m"\n  - "Akuariumit Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "Spille Beach 1.8 km"\n  - "Jale Beach 2.1 km"\n  - "Maracit Beach 2.4 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Llogora National Park 14 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 57 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Francesca"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“The location is great and the apartment is super nice, all perfect. Recommended”"\n  - name: "Jay"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Very nice located in front of the beach. Good parking spot available.”"\n  - name: "Flavia"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Comfortable 10/10. The view is great, the location also. It is only 50m far from beach. You have all you need inside dhe apartment, and also outside such as bar, restaurants, markets, parking, beach-beds. Highly recommend.
Coming back again for sure”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/odissea-rooms.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Wave n' Sea Apartments are thoughtfully designed to cater to a variety of needs and preferences. Select units boast terraces that invite guests to bask in the breathtaking surroundings, alongside comfortable seating areas equipped with flat-screen TVs for those moments of relaxation indoors. Air conditioning ensures a cool retreat from the sun, while allergy-free and soundproof options are available, guaranteeing a restful night's sleep.

Families and groups will find the family rooms particularly accommodating, ensuring everyone has ample space to unwind. The convenience of complimentary WiFi throughout the property allows guests to stay connected, whether sharing vacation photos or planning the next day's adventures.

A mere 1.6 km away, Akuariumit Beach offers an alternative spot for sun-seekers, while Spille Beach, located 3 km from the property, presents another picturesque setting for beach outings. For those venturing from afar, Ioannina Airport is 147 km away, making Wave n' Sea Apartments an accessible retreat for both local and international travelers.

With its combination of natural beauty, comfort, and convenience, Wave n' Sea Apartments stands out as a top-tier destination for those looking to immerse themselves in the tranquility of Himare's coastal landscape.