---\ntitle: "Wave Beachfront Apartments"\ndescription: "Wave Beachfront Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on their visit to Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520117158.jpg?k=4b0c5669244cedff5efb895165670894868fb2f77087074ba76fb52626b1a5ec&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: wave-beachfront-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Venecia Shetitorja e Plazhit, Durres, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30302343\n  lng: 19.49348123\nprice: "US$54"\npriceFrom: 54\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.6\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 132\nratings:\n  overall: 8.6\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 8.2\n  facilities: 8.1\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 7.9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/520117158.jpg?k=4b0c5669244cedff5efb895165670894868fb2f77087074ba76fb52626b1a5ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467937283.jpg?k=80292b87f30e8cea4e98b2853d89909e747b202ff5bc6fb106e16e386fd346e5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467937296.jpg?k=c4b5ca20e1b232ad746b57b9e2bca942a716c16d912ab785581eff444c52c17a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468011844.jpg?k=28cb31f9159e67abd73b07f37c4437d02c80bf1c09ad3ec6bcf43de9410c3bc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467937196.jpg?k=5ee2230f66c337a03a9e2b8298dc6ef1564dd9f0c5af5b23b9e6c954bc894649&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467976409.jpg?k=3c0dca9e2c5c0d8eefe08f9e8bfeddd18ac03710857acc4d28fe85f1b822e145&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Fast free WiFi (74 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 10 m"\n  - "Dyrrah Mare Bar 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 10 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aasim"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Absolutely loved my stay! Stunning beach view, cosy vibes, and the friendliest staff Orlando and his brother. A perfect spot for a relaxing and delightful escape. Highly recommended.”"\n  - name: "Rmn"\n    country: "Germany"\n    text: "“I absolutely recommend it!
Nice view,clean and I must mention Orlando from reception was very friendly, professional and helpful!”"\n  - name: "Patricija"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“We spent very nice vacation here. Hotel is nice and near beach. Owners are all the time here, open and very kind to help you. The view from our balcony was great. Hope to come back again.😀”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/wave-beach-amp-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nGuests at Wave Beachfront Apartments are treated to accommodations that boast balconies with sweeping sea views, creating a serene backdrop for their stay. Each apartment is thoughtfully equipped with a seating area, a cable flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven, fridge, stovetop, and kettle, ensuring all the comforts of home are at hand. The inclusion of a private bathroom with a shower and hair dryer, along with the provision of bed linen and towels, underscores the aparthotel's attention to detail.

For those looking to explore beyond the beach, Wave Beachfront Apartments offers a car rental service, making local attractions such as Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car easily accessible. Located 39 km and 43 km away respectively, these landmarks are within reach for a day trip. Additionally, the convenience of a paid airport shuttle service to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 33 km away, ensures a hassle-free travel experience.

With its blend of prime location, comprehensive amenities, and thoughtful services, Wave Beachfront Apartments stands out as a top accommodation choice for those visiting Durrës, promising a stay that is as relaxing as it is memorable.