---\ntitle: "Westwood 2Bd Apartments"\ndescription: "Westwood 2Bd Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382226359.jpg?k=13c1346705618c3e49002bf61df50bc772f115dab5ced6e3c14b3a6b34c00cfd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: westwood-2bd-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Egnatia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31539888\n  lng: 19.45026063\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.9\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.9\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 9.6\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382226359.jpg?k=13c1346705618c3e49002bf61df50bc772f115dab5ced6e3c14b3a6b34c00cfd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378589860.jpg?k=c243b9a9ed3302a5163e84124df741c64d4e62a79bbc1b5be209bbb1c7f62b67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435231299.jpg?k=b9dd3fe56a9817d4a079f8cffef83d15f800577fb5c7ca324ed77a9395320d23&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/435234436.jpg?k=532372d5667d39472dd9e77d1c4ee3a39b96a3080c8f0f6ae0cf6579de752079&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382493585.jpg?k=903e5942870bca0361285522ecf75b412baa182ea7018f1a39c962753c5207b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382511138.jpg?k=86c4abdc22341d73bfaebd4e4302015fd8500b7985fa659401d7384cfa6c48b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378589815.jpg?k=e07847fa384c9382aa07aa02e3adfbe55ee37ec16d8c0985ea9f21f11403b070&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/382493497.jpg?k=2367685d130ca26db4df03ce8745d44d2dd1a63d15a8bad3743a3369427fd4b9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378589968.jpg?k=6cfd9d677a4385e0cb0e1247a843f051c8d267cd470e25a726385835b3f430df&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Westwood Meat House 9 m"\n  - "Cafe+ 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 800 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.5 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 150 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 300 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 550 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 650 m"\n  - "1. Maj 750 m"\n  - "Bekimi 2.8 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Tamás"\n    country: "Hungary"\n    text: "“Demanding, spacious, beautiful apartment. The accommodation is easily accessible, there are many shops in the area. The host is friendly and fair. I recommend it wholeheartedly.”"\n  - name: "Kieran"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The host provided everything we needed - the hospitality was unbelievably good! Great communication from the host, he welcomed us and gave us local recommendations. He invited to his restaurant for dinner and coffee. This made our holiday and I...”"\n  - name: "Brian"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“very clean and spacious apartment in a great location”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/westwood-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThis property stands out for its modern amenities and thoughtful services. Each spacious apartment boasts a balcony that presents a captivating city view, creating a perfect backdrop for a memorable stay. The interiors are well-appointed with two cozy bedrooms, a living room that invites relaxation, a flat-screen TV for entertainment, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and a microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The inclusion of a bathroom with a bidet adds a touch of convenience, and for those in need, towels and linens are available upon request. It's noteworthy that the entire property is a non-smoking zone, ensuring a clean and healthy environment for all guests.

Dining at Westwood 2Bd Apartments is a delightful experience, with the family-friendly restaurant serving a variety of American dishes for dinner, lunch, and brunch. The establishment prides itself on catering to diverse palates and ensuring a pleasant dining experience for every guest.

For guests looking to explore the area, the apartment offers a car rental service, making it easy to venture out to nearby attractions. Skanderbeg Square and the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car are within accessible distances, promising exciting day trips. Additionally, the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 32 km away, adds to the convenience for international travelers.

With its blend of comfort, convenience, and thoughtful amenities, Westwood 2Bd Apartments is a standout accommodation choice for those visiting Durrës, whether for leisure or adventure.