---\ntitle: "West Beach Apartment"\ndescription: "West Beach Apartment emerges as a distinguished 3-star accommodation in Durrës, boasting an enviable seafront location that promises guests an unforgettable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75685622.jpg?k=35fa8f1e95c032c8c158e7adc693b4166db05b4b321c72693d905ba0f2373009&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: west-beach-apartment\naddress: "S. Efendi Tower 3 apartmet 204, Currila, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32181347\n  lng: 19.42940595\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 64\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/75685622.jpg?k=35fa8f1e95c032c8c158e7adc693b4166db05b4b321c72693d905ba0f2373009&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74597256.jpg?k=7234e918d420ffa66ca68e876b76e71dddafc8a4b09e5aab7a133f620fa07eb8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214602738.jpg?k=30d1e5978771096f5bbd88a26709651392e256e229c010eb6ce987ff966227d2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74128970.jpg?k=c790215f1311246a50820fdf9e653c505267057a35676875b010de6431238de2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/76890610.jpg?k=53144ca7410004a0992ea78480174bea5f06e2da023b623d86e3cf04fef4c73e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/74129006.jpg?k=cfe9a50f72bbe56951cbe9fb2718bfdd969458b2ef2fca55d4decf1551110dc6&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214602741.jpg?k=0d54bc7ac3d06280264f09a1743c857e36dfcabbba2219e5fc5e98e776dad09b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214602743.jpg?k=a443149917a58c1c053a0622a715dfc7bd08f2c86406d629c70e05674e38c8e8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/214602737.jpg?k=471c77a9fe7e52db177b08bba240c0ef245ca2c16fa7edcb56faa68204544097&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "2 restaurants"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Sardi 100 m"\n  - "Villa Mare 200 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Kallmi Beach 0 m"\n  - "Currila Beach 600 m"\n  - "West End Beach 700 m"\n  - "Durres Beach 3.3 km"\n  - "Ohana Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sotir Noka 1.4 km"\n  - "1. Maj 1.6 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 1.6 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 1.6 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 1.7 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 1.8 km"\n  - "Bekimi 4.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jane"\n    country: "France"\n    text: "“A fantastic location right on the beach! Amazing views of the beach and sea. Very comfortable bed and it was great to have air conditioning at night with the super hot weather. We didn’t meet the hosts but they were very helpful and as we...”"\n  - name: "Heidi"\n    country: "Finland"\n    text: "“Great apartment with great amenities and easy access. Will definetely stay here again if I come back to Durres. Also super comfortable bed 😊🙏”"\n  - name: "Emily"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The location is right by the beach we could hear the waves at night, it was clean and comfortable and we all loved staying here. It has everything you need and more”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/s-efendi.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a spacious retreat, featuring a balcony that presents breathtaking sea views. Designed to accommodate a variety of guest needs, it includes a bedroom, a living room with a flat-screen TV, and a fully equipped kitchen boasting a dishwasher and an oven. The modern bathroom is equipped with a walk-in shower, enhancing the comfort of the stay. Additionally, the apartment is allergy-friendly and maintains a strict non-smoking policy, ensuring a pleasant environment for all guests. Towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, adding to the convenience.

For those eager to explore the vibrant surroundings of Durrës, West Beach Apartment is ideally situated. Guests can engage in a plethora of activities, from hiking to snorkeling, cycling, and fishing, with the added option of car rental services arranged by the apartment for further exploration. Noteworthy attractions in close proximity include Kallmi Beach, Currila Beach, and West End Beach, each offering a unique slice of the local coastal charm.

Located just 35 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, the property facilitates travel arrangements with its paid airport shuttle service, ensuring a hassle-free connection for international travelers. West Beach Apartment stands as a prime choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and adventure in the heart of Durrës.