---\ntitle: "What's Up Tirana"\ndescription: "What's Up Tirana emerges as a modern gem in the heart of Albania's vibrant capital, boasting a recent renovation that positions it as a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464413824.jpg?k=1d65591ffb8ca2748bca33cafab884f41bb73db22ea03977d16686d24de4e501&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: what-s-up-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Mine Peza building 7; appartment 9, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33328678\n  lng: 19.80995757\nprice: "US$27"\npriceFrom: 27\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 79\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.7\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 8.6\n  comfort: 8.6\n  staff: 8.6\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464413824.jpg?k=1d65591ffb8ca2748bca33cafab884f41bb73db22ea03977d16686d24de4e501&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/500705675.jpg?k=66950e1f69875b07eea31ff01f3c03312a4c391a22e3df90929c7514307c9b02&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511275039.jpg?k=efd9d5539405c22f667fbbc26957885860c48e9a707d7ab70a9f314eb4dbc69b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468358711.jpg?k=4d77c2ce618c52b958f820b9f3692517f5e4952a292bc8838d9168d437aaf2fe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468359191.jpg?k=0890ff8d10397f6f67fe8c8d7bdfaa61650e74a3524c33da69200d83e852eb83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/468359054.jpg?k=b1b43b4967e459043069a890c9aeff8ed12ca5ab0702cfece0ac536c98c4a618&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Balcony"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.5 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.7 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorantpicari 50 m"\n  - "Ani 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Don Bosko 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 750 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 750 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1,000 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Igor"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Very clean and very good location - only 10 minutes walk from Skenderbeg square.”"\n  - name: "Linda"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The host was very communicative, and he even provided affordable transport to the airport at 4am! Instructions for finding the apartment and checking in were very clear. I enjoyed the balcony, modern bathroom, and comfortable bed. The mini fridge...”"\n  - name: "Jacobo"\n    country: "Spain"\n    text: "“Apartment is very nice for a short stay. I would definitely book again :)”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/whats-up-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment complex stands out not only for its strategic location but also for its array of amenities designed to cater to the needs of the modern traveler. Each unit is a haven of comfort, equipped with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV complete with streaming services, a microwave, and a coffee machine, ensuring that guests feel right at home. The attention to detail extends to the bathrooms, which are fitted with showers, hair dryers, and even bidets, adding a touch of luxury to the stay. For those who appreciate the outdoors, select rooms feature balconies offering breathtaking mountain views, while all guests can enjoy the communal sun terrace.

Connectivity is a breeze at What's Up Tirana, with complimentary WiFi available throughout the property, and the convenience of a snack bar and a minimarket on-site caters to any immediate needs. Families traveling with little ones will appreciate thoughtful touches like baby safety gates, ensuring a worry-free stay.

For those looking to explore beyond the confines of the city, What's Up Tirana facilitates adventure with both bicycle and car rental services, making it easy to venture to nearby attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, located just 5.4 km away. Cultural enthusiasts will find themselves within easy reach of the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, the House of Leaves, and Rinia Park, making it effortless to immerse in the local scene.

Situated 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a convenient paid shuttle service available, What's Up Tirana stands as an accessible and inviting base for travelers aiming to discover the heart of Tirana.