---\ntitle: "White Sea View Apartment Velipoje"\ndescription: "White Sea View Apartment Velipoje emerges as a serene retreat in the vibrant heart of Velipojë, a mere stone's throw away from the pristine Velipoja Beach and within a comfortable distance from the historic Rozafa Castle Shkodra."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789311.jpg?k=2c769f9259b10254e8565df9bf27dd8ad1c6f3ad83902a5f474e8ce90a5e3e67&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: white-sea-view-apartment-velipoje\naddress: "Pulaj-Plazh, 4001 Velipojë, Albania"\ncity: "Velipojë"\nlocation: "Velipojë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.8631403\n  lng: 19.41210263\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 8.8\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.1\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789311.jpg?k=2c769f9259b10254e8565df9bf27dd8ad1c6f3ad83902a5f474e8ce90a5e3e67&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789512.jpg?k=f25b4ce5d178a3570bd17e02f5bfd72d6f97b65a5307dae037c30931baec2dd1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789582.jpg?k=affd7567f6ca4035a4863661398cf2fbb842bafd06b9bc61297df3ebd782d0d5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789382.jpg?k=d849ccda11552544ce0fe7b88b2722bbe3714d880f0df833b543210eb1f40c77&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789546.jpg?k=4f8d82be6f465f5360d00f54cc40d02a16bf35c5ac00b43722f0aadc6d493228&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789446.jpg?k=31ed756d7f9072f57eed16ef401dbc536b3d09fee5eb70b4ec7012f4ca12b690&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789566.jpg?k=9de379f1675ecdd18d59349784ecbcdf36b777ac2e264483f6f2313b9c11abbf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439789488.jpg?k=afbb5a876069c7aba1e79fe267f3633cf16992c65284f9ca4822796ab2e91b76&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/439893862.jpg?k=1cc75ea19d352ecd6ddfe7aadaa53884655ecf070fff9cd37d9fdf87297933ee&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Private beach area"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Old Town Ulcinj 19 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kompleksi Devi 50 m"\n  - "Bar Restorant 407 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Velipoja Beach 100 m"\n  - "Rana e Hedhun Beach 3 km"\n  - "Ada Bojana Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Velika Plaza Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Copacabana 9 km"\n  - "Cola Beach 10 km"\n  - "Imperiam Beach 12 km"\n  - "Msm Beach 12 km"\n  - "Tropicana 13 km"\n  - "Plaža Safari 13 km"\n  - "Bukurija Beach 14 km"\n  - "Saranda 14 km"\n  - "Plaža Toni 14 km"\n  - "Nudistička Plaža Albatros 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 54 km"\n  - "Podgorica Airport 55 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Leticja"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“When we first stumbled upon this flat on booking, it seemed almost too good to be true. There must be a catch! But everything was as perfect as it seemed online. The host is the most thoughtful, gracious host.
she provided us with all the...”"\n  - name: "Daniel"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Near to the beach. Pleasant interior design of the apartment, including artistic accents. A big plus is the private parking lot right next to the apartment. The owner is very cordial and helpful. The apartment is well equipped.”"\n  - name: "Erjon"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“This place was amazing and looked even better than the pictures. Great location and easy check in. Apartment was nice and clean, spacious, modern, and comfortable. Well equipped kitchen with everything we needed. Manjola was great, easy to...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/white-sea-view-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts a generous layout, featuring a well-appointed bedroom, a bathroom equipped with fresh linens and towels, and a living area that includes a flat-screen TV with a variety of satellite channels. The dining space, complemented by a fully equipped kitchen, invites guests to prepare and savor their meals in the comfort of their temporary home. Perhaps the most captivating feature is the balcony, offering panoramic sea views, perfect for dining al fresco while enjoying the serene garden landscape. Enhanced by soundproofing and a private entrance, guests are assured a peaceful and secluded stay.

Accessibility is further complemented by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 82 km away, making White Sea View Apartment Velipoje an ideal choice for travelers seeking a harmonious blend of convenience, comfort, and natural beauty.