---\ntitle: "White Residence Luxury Apartments"\ndescription: "White Residence Luxury Apartments stands as a beacon of comfort and convenience in the vibrant heart of Sarandë, offering guests a unique blend of modern amenities and prime location."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69164524.jpg?k=6d5c0d5eb74fbc34f635b862248661437323dc11f97be7e3b1ce030000ca0c39&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: white-residence-luxury-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Kryesore Sarande-Butrint, 9702 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.85707398\n  lng: 20.02025566\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 214\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.5\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.6\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/69164524.jpg?k=6d5c0d5eb74fbc34f635b862248661437323dc11f97be7e3b1ce030000ca0c39&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/108520793.jpg?k=e63ba9f24248e5f7da017834465127e81472106e1d4acbda9f206da876e4d99c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60115395.jpg?k=7968aee86f6f90a591ad9aa98318418da75a7efdc0cef27678e3f2f010d5ca19&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/112687332.jpg?k=1e00577c0476f5b20f4f56f0047dd9acdd95dc21c866415de201863bbc24e094&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/151203258.jpg?k=523895cb3209d272999f447c2e2e8bb2afb5660431370bf9aa93090100a1e667&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/66546813.jpg?k=8a737b38b7b0d720b7aa0b687ab3beb4b56c4c5b70cfccb5e61a47e222dc9f4c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/157164154.jpg?k=ee6e6b3841230097d409146360ce0bac453fcfc7c07482135442fb44456333f5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/60110324.jpg?k=4558f8943a2abcf64f8f50b61084dfd0f910104f5ada6a641a76e1870bacf5bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/62799041.jpg?k=28e55e85862f734a2ade0546acec7f91a8d3a75ffd95bfd8881666eee3366551&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Terrace"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Salad Farm 30 m"\n  - "Baken Grill 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Santa Quaranta Beach 100 m"\n  - "Flamingo Beach 100 m"\n  - "VIP Beach 150 m"\n  - "Mango Beach 300 m"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 450 m"\n  - "Butrint National Park 900 m"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 7 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 10 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 29 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Aidana"\n    country: "Kazakhstan"\n    text: "“Service is high. Apartments are totally equipped and clean. Best view from the balcony. Beautiful interior design.”"\n  - name: "Raelene"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Fabulous view. Very spacious comfortable apartment”"\n  - name: "Della"\n    country: "Australia"\n    text: "“Samir was excellent no problems at all and he was very helpful and friendly and always available”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/white-residence-luxury-sea-view-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe apartments themselves are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort, featuring bright interiors that immediately welcome guests upon arrival. Each unit is equipped with a sea-facing balcony adorned with furniture, perfect for enjoying the serene views. The fully equipped kitchen, cozy bedroom with fresh bed linen, and a living room designed for relaxation ensure that guests feel at home. The inclusion of a private bathroom equipped with a shower, washing machine, hairdryer, towels, and complimentary toiletries, along with beach towels, adds an extra layer of convenience to the stay.

For those looking to explore the local cuisine, the vicinity of White Residence Luxury Apartments does not disappoint. A variety of restaurants serving both Albanian and international dishes are easily accessible, along with a supermarket for those preferring to cook their own meals.

Adventure seekers and culture enthusiasts will find the property's location particularly appealing. The mesmerizing Blue Eye spring is just a 20-minute drive away, offering a glimpse into Albania's natural beauty. Meanwhile, history buffs can take a short 10-minute drive to the UNESCO-protected Butrint ruins, immersing themselves in the rich tapestry of the region's past.

The provision of complimentary parking, secured for peace of mind, alongside the convenience of a local bus stop adjacent to the property, ensures seamless travel arrangements. Moreover, the proximity to Corfu Island's international airport, coupled with daily ferry services from Saranda seaport, facilitates easy access for international travelers.

In summary, White Residence Luxury Apartments emerges as a premier choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and exploration in Sarandë.