---\ntitle: "White & Blue Apartment's"\ndescription: "White & Blue Apartments emerges as a breath of fresh air in the Golem accommodation scene, boasting a recent renovation that promises modern comfort just 500 meters from the serene Qerret Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385840.jpg?k=f719d2f64acba36799805189bbe332c6fb758e9b5e8410aab43a41ab7c2fe94f&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: white-blue-apartment-s\naddress: "Rruga e Fshatrave Turistike, Golem, Albania"\ncity: "Golem"\nlocation: "Golem"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.22162924\n  lng: 19.51301757\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.4\n  cleanliness: 9.6\n  facilities: 8.7\n  value: 9.3\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385840.jpg?k=f719d2f64acba36799805189bbe332c6fb758e9b5e8410aab43a41ab7c2fe94f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385811.jpg?k=537d7a5fd5a3f6607b2e897c2342e29df179e70cb19fabf241c6e54f33271d3c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378388768.jpg?k=995ab34f17c73a1427097b412aeeb1f99f3ae768b1e9525e4cb8261b5cfe1fff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385808.jpg?k=c28c628b73a83f423a3e506335397bc764f8bbe499f464d11f4aa3e2150461db&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/365055713.jpg?k=3520bc5ee128b84ee53bd60755b4a83b15249c471f02f3d87a53588e6a138687&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385816.jpg?k=8f3f210e873ef2e8e6a1821ec4e6b5d823ed644a2517d5ba05788ae43e96997f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378388769.jpg?k=a5f4eb570255636f827e4b3d48cc9eacf60b756f037e219b195a9a9339fdc4e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385804.jpg?k=ddcb71abb8b6abd6ef34e0cc866b9f8574d1c0a8a947ebba33da35c2eff6425e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/378385787.jpg?k=6e81bc63416217fda61e2aa4f126837afc9c521b783ac1e96a9711bde3c8d0d3&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle (free)"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "AROME DETI RESTAURANT 400 m"\n  - "Baca 700 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Qerret Beach 350 m"\n  - "Mali I Robit Beach 950 m"\n  - "Golem Beach 3 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 4.9 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 7 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 12 km"\n  - "1. Maj 12 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 12 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 12 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 12 km"\n  - "Bekimi 12 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 12 km"\n  - "Divjake-Karavasta National Park 19 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 26 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Gordan"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“On the very first evening in Golem, the owner's English speaking friend gave us a tour around the place. His tips were priceless and we used our short staying up to the maximum. This is priceless.”"\n  - name: "Zdenko"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Absolutne sukromie a bezpečné parkovanie. Čistota ok. Klima ok.”"\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“Просто замечательная хозяйка, правда очень отзывчивый человек, готовый всегда помочь! В квартире чисто и просторно, есть всё необходимое: постель, полотенца, вай-фай, телевизор, посуда, стиральная машина. Спокойно и комфортно. Мы бы с радостью...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/white-amp-blu-apartaments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nUpon arrival, visitors are greeted with the unique feature of a private entrance, leading into spaces that are as welcoming as they are functional. The family-friendly nature of White & Blue Apartments is further highlighted by its thoughtful amenities, including a picnic area designed for memorable moments under the sun.

Each apartment at White & Blue is a testament to modern living, with parquet flooring underfoot and a fully equipped kitchen waiting to bring culinary creations to life. The presence of a dining area, flat-screen TV, and private bathroom with a bidet and hair dryer adds layers of convenience, while the balcony extends an invitation to dine outdoors against a backdrop of mountain views. For those needing to mix leisure with a touch of work, a desk in every unit ensures productivity is never compromised.

The allure of the outdoors is ever-present here, with a garden featuring a barbecue for guests' enjoyment and the promise of fishing adventures in nearby waters.

For explorers keen to venture beyond the comfort of their apartment, Mali I Robit Beach offers its sandy shores just 1.4 km away, while the historic Skanderbeg Square awaits 49 km from the property. For international travelers, the convenience of Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 43 km away, makes White & Blue Apartments an accessible haven of relaxation and discovery.