---\ntitle: "White Villa"\ndescription: "White Villa emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Përmet, offering guests a blend of comfort and convenience with its array of amenities."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479519784.jpg?k=7a920dfb22bffa1c8fa9733646e2eb9d94724a0eb4a1a1cd11a8b2940f4aac2d&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: white-villa\naddress: "Lagja Kongresi 4, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.2299661\n  lng: 20.35831382\nprice: "US$37"\npriceFrom: 37\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 98\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 9.2\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479519784.jpg?k=7a920dfb22bffa1c8fa9733646e2eb9d94724a0eb4a1a1cd11a8b2940f4aac2d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478715331.jpg?k=dd17163330470de350b3ef6f30e1601a1771c620d0693a94791f98dbc5816aff&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478715306.jpg?k=1528144787dc7911030752df723a7bc215d26359617bfc0b21d785061756b5e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478715370.jpg?k=88e37b0b77b44fbe526c8f5528e1c298d11ee946fad3967b7e4c29570443f788&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478715311.jpg?k=0ff114c1947c8b3f3b759ea27f933563528a616842228cf4599a9d5a8488c3a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/478715322.jpg?k=cc9efd62f59d5fdfe60bce24a77315a6ff17e11ffa25ad13c261f01d652f4037&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Quadruple Room"\n  - "Family Room"\n  - "King Room with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Cabeli 50 m"\n  - "Sky 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 17 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 70 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 79 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 81 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Simona"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Brand new and perfectly equipped hotel in the center of town. The family who is running the hotel was really helpful and nice. We had a great stay, thanks again!”"\n  - name: "Tadeusz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Clean and spottles freshly decorated rooms with massive terrace and super comfy beds. Perfect location 5 minutes away (walk) from lovely town centre. Helpful and very friendly staff. Easily 10/10 !”"\n  - name: "Chloë"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Brand new modern hotel, very clean and tidy. Room offered comfy beds and had all basic amenities available. Staff were friendly and helpful. Highly recommend!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/white-villa-permet-gjirokaster-county-albania.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nAccommodations at White Villa are thoughtfully designed to cater to the modern traveler's needs. Each room is equipped with air conditioning, ensuring a comfortable environment regardless of the weather outside. For those who need to stay connected or work remotely, a desk is provided in every room. The inclusion of a terrace in many rooms offers guests the unique opportunity to soak in the city's vibrant atmosphere from the comfort of their private space. Moreover, select accommodations boast breathtaking mountain views from their balconies, adding a touch of natural beauty to the stay.

The attention to detail extends to the in-room amenities, with a flat-screen TV, fresh bed linen, and towels enhancing the guest experience. Additionally, the convenience of having a fridge in the room allows visitors to keep beverages and snacks chilled, providing an extra layer of comfort during their stay.

White Villa prides itself on its exceptional service, with a multilingual staff fluent in English and Italian available around the clock at the 24-hour front desk. Whether guests need assistance with local recommendations or any other inquiries, the friendly and accommodating team is always ready to help, ensuring a pleasant and hassle-free stay.

Located 90 km from Ioannina Airport, White Villa serves as an ideal base for exploring Përmet and its surroundings, making it a top choice for travelers seeking both relaxation and adventure in this captivating region.