---\ntitle: "Wild River Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Wild River Guesthouse emerges as a serene retreat in the heart of Përmet, Gjirokastër County, offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486750745.jpg?k=a04d8b6879d52e3cd829215850cf20987de13f80f98c8164efccf37a3ffa62f7&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: wild-river-guesthouse\naddress: "Piskovë, Përmet, 6401 Përmet, Albania"\ncity: "Përmet"\nlocation: "Përmet"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 40.2801511\n  lng: 20.27358755\nprice: "US$34"\npriceFrom: 34\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 29\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486750745.jpg?k=a04d8b6879d52e3cd829215850cf20987de13f80f98c8164efccf37a3ffa62f7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486918743.jpg?k=7a41fc6c8441fd0832d49b789bdb8e8797806c16745ab8ea6a587a1c29888fb5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486918745.jpg?k=0fadd0022fd8b5de11faea58b0bbb11be39eefdf88c57302642fd20f8e00f8e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486921474.jpg?k=e05e75701deda4da5decfd7fc790c255a79941351544e6788f07a8e42898cfc9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486920837.jpg?k=4178b364660b0b8c44667c56c7e8f8a5d765b5823dbded2d481f9a1aac4226cb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/486931325.jpg?k=9a76b70ebcad3f5387450e3b03bb7ecd6a776ba00403c3726e64330c0b3d3fc4&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Exceptional breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room"\n  - "Triple Room with Bathroom"\n  - "Quadruple Room with Bathroom"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Enea 50 m"\n  - "Krenar Nurce Homemade Jam 8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Fir of Hotova National Park 16 km"\nairports:\n  - "Ioannina Airport 78 km"\n  - "Corfu International Airport 80 km"\n  - "Kastoria National Airport 87 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Petezahad1"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The hosts were super nice and lovely! They put so much love in the place and took really good care of us. Would defenetly recommend! 10/10”"\n  - name: "Caitlin"\n    country: "New Zealand"\n    text: "“The owners are SO lovely! Incredible hospitality. The beautiful traditional Albanian breakfast was so delicious. Everything is clean and comfortable. We caught the bus from Gjirokaster and it stopped right outside the guesthouse. It’s not in the...”"\n  - name: "Michael"\n    country: "Austria"\n    text: "“The most friendly hosts really make you feel welcome! A genuine experience in a true Albanian setting.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/wild-river-guesthouse.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe accommodations at Wild River Guesthouse are thoughtfully designed, with each unit boasting essential amenities such as a wardrobe, a flat-screen TV, and air conditioning, ensuring a stay that combines both comfort and convenience. The attention to detail extends to the private bathrooms, equipped with a bath and bathrobes, enhancing the overall experience of relaxation and privacy. For those who desire a little extra, select rooms feature balconies, offering splendid views that promise to elevate the stay.

One of the standout features of Wild River Guesthouse is its tranquil garden, a perfect oasis for guests looking to unwind and soak in the serene atmosphere. The property's location also offers captivating mountain and quiet street views, allowing guests to fully immerse themselves in the natural beauty and tranquility of Përmet.

Connectivity is seamless, with free WiFi available throughout the guesthouse, ensuring that guests can stay connected with the world, should they choose to. The provision of a desk in all units further caters to the needs of business travelers or those requiring a dedicated workspace.

Situated 98 km from Ioannina Airport, Wild River Guesthouse presents an accessible escape for both local and international travelers seeking a peaceful retreat amidst nature. Whether it's the allure of the mountains or the comfort of a well-appointed room, this guesthouse promises an unforgettable stay for families and solo travelers alike.