---\ntitle: "Wonderful City Center 1"\ndescription: "Wonderful City Center 1 emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience in Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941595.jpg?k=eedaff5e04a367447febae0a8695a87242876777a66aee9c291e4c18b84cd178&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: wonderful-city-center-1\naddress: "Rruga Egnatia, 2001 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31691737\n  lng: 19.45119551\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 10\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.5\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941595.jpg?k=eedaff5e04a367447febae0a8695a87242876777a66aee9c291e4c18b84cd178&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941567.jpg?k=7ba96e0a0a61c853680d6868bd3b3ebd5b78d23c6c1065b1ca0b884f3cb0a6c9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941577.jpg?k=d3ab5b61d32865852dc0ff66d930a643ee4c5d00ff69349e67fa6a2b9fed30b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941589.jpg?k=6fca24d6b3245212e41da3237497dc520e2a5296d2b3453b2fa27859af45cadd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941571.jpg?k=2906c9e64d968ee30c5bedf7b032254cb40aa1a772f5450195318ab4bfc9a956&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941554.jpg?k=03d61533fb6194a5afc536885962a4f21a01fcb8d9dd175b664dd0397b097818&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941600.jpg?k=6c4115af1b1d9cb5da5367a88234e17887898841cfe3aacb05543a73aacca365&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941509.jpg?k=a3e498dc715417aa3bd7f16808ba43a676612013a8c90762758516e6d59ab7e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/437941603.jpg?k=d0ca529f3d4652dc40cdd3da060acf4cee368180ce037a831168b9fa8a1c78bb&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Chick 50 m"\n  - "Zodiak 50 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Currila Beach 1 km"\n  - "Durres Beach 1.4 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "West End Beach 2.6 km"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 6 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 250 m"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 250 m"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 350 m"\n  - "Sotir Noka 600 m"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 750 m"\n  - "1. Maj 900 m"\n  - "Bekimi 2.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 24 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "UnionPay credit card"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Kate"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The apartment was new and with plants, which brought really nice vibe. The kitchen had basics, and I got everything the additional kitchen utensils I asked for. The internet connection was stable. The shower was working perfectly, extremely...”"\n  - name: "Dmytro"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“I lived in this apartment for one month. The apartment fully matches the photos. Excellent location in the heart of the city, yet pretty quiet.
Lots of shops and supermarkets nearby. The apartment has everything you need for your comfort....”"\n  - name: "Amina"\n    country: "Russia"\n    text: "“Stunning apartments! Very convenient location: close to the center, market, bus station, supermarkets, beach. The apartment is very clean, bright and spacious! There are two air conditioners, but we didn’t even use them; the apartment is very...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/wonderful-city-center-1.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. It features a spacious bedroom, ensuring a restful night's sleep. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with cable channels, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, complete with an oven and toaster, allows guests the freedom to prepare their meals, adding a touch of personalization to their stay. Convenience is further amplified by the presence of a washing machine, making longer stays as comfortable as possible. The luxury of a hot tub in the bathroom elevates the experience, offering a private oasis of relaxation. To ensure a seamless stay, towels and bed linen are provided, and the apartment prides itself on being non-smoking and soundproof, guaranteeing a peaceful environment.

For those looking to explore beyond the immediate vicinity, Kallmi Beach awaits at a mere 2.8 km distance, while the historic Skanderbeg Square is 38 km away, offering a glimpse into the rich cultural tapestry of the area. The apartment's proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 33 km away, ensures ease of travel for international guests.

Wonderful City Center 1 stands out as an ideal accommodation choice for those seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of luxury during their visit to Durrës.