---\ntitle: "Xhani's Rooms"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Durrës with a stay at Xhani's Rooms, a stone's throw away from the serene Durres Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469141387.jpg?k=f8a370f0b5da25e2b80aa4f3ee8fadb222185604b444a52abe82051453605c2e&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: xhani-s-rooms\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2008 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30395387\n  lng: 19.49327046\nprice: "US$29"\npriceFrom: 29\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 8.8\nratingWords: "Very Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 33\nratings:\n  overall: 8.8\n  location: 8.2\n  cleanliness: 8.6\n  facilities: 8\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 8.9\n  staff: 9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469141387.jpg?k=f8a370f0b5da25e2b80aa4f3ee8fadb222185604b444a52abe82051453605c2e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469143488.jpg?k=70992cbb59d3ea5ca6027590ed56e12f0e6111773ea3c1a67aaf274d8c46b2b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469648861.jpg?k=af2e79518fce13759c52e990448b470d957a5de89507c0093413b1755bdf53de&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/470538255.jpg?k=aca90b36a3a8180195b44cd6bf40440ab8b9ad9189f04dbe7528799f600826a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/469150439.jpg?k=27112243286919bff1d67b49a2769552d17f3ad487ebe4e23da15fe4f4f6b9ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/467846030.jpg?k=1ea0ecbfd4bf49c136f97a4f1b86e7d2a8aba2169de87b18b8fcabc4f9e59c86&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Quadruple Room with Balcony"\n  - "Quadruple Room"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Dyrrah Mare Bar 40 m"\n  - "Fast Food Henry 100 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.4 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.8 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.8 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 3.9 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.1 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.1 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.3 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.3 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Zoran"\n    country: "Croatia"\n    text: "“The location was great. The apartment was just like the pictures, clean and tidy. The apartment owner was very helpful. He helped us with everything we needed. Whoever goes to Durrës will not regret staying at Xhanis' place. Xhani's thank you...”"\n  - name: "Michaela"\n    country: "Czech Republic"\n    text: "“The apartment was beautiful, not far from a large beach with sunbeds, just in a side street”"\n  - name: "Martina"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“We slept well, the room is new, very clean, the staff is kind and courteous, the beach is just a few steps away.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/xhani-39-s-rooms-durres.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nThe hotel prides itself on its attentive 24-hour front desk service, ready to meet guests' needs at any hour, including currency exchange services. Each guest room is thoughtfully designed with a desk, air conditioning, and a flat-screen TV, ensuring a blend of functionality and comfort. The private bathrooms are equipped with showers, and for those seeking a little extra, select rooms boast balconies offering a glimpse of the area's beauty.

A mere 39 km from the historical Skanderbeg Square and close to the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car, guests are perfectly positioned to explore. The Rock of Kavaje, another local gem, is just a short drive away. For history enthusiasts, the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha is similarly accessible, as is the Durres Amphitheatre, adding a touch of culture to your visit.

Situated 33 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, Xhani's Rooms also offers a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible. Whether you're in Durrës for the sun and sea or to soak in the rich tapestry of history and culture, Xhani's Rooms promises a stay that combines comfort with convenience, making it a top choice for travelers.