---\ntitle: "Xheko Imperial Luxury Hotel & SPA"\ndescription: "Discover the epitome of elegance and modern convenience at Xheko Imperial Luxury Hotel & SPA, a gem in the heart of Tirana, perfectly positioned close to the city's expansive park."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130934061.jpg?k=96c14cafb333124087e33e506962ad31142b513d8f53e5e91a59518e8b4c96fd&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: xheko-imperial-luxury-hotel-spa\naddress: "Rr Ibrahim Rugova 56H2, 1019 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31810868\n  lng: 19.81889069\nprice: "US$204"\npriceFrom: 204\nstarRating: 5\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 1426\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 8.7\n  comfort: 9.3\n  staff: 9.2\n  wifi: 8.6\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/130934061.jpg?k=96c14cafb333124087e33e506962ad31142b513d8f53e5e91a59518e8b4c96fd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131016009.jpg?k=276330e4bc64278b8e59336a9066e8440210a0e764c53cf04da29ed3029d5558&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/132763609.jpg?k=e92fda1a388dcc564616e388dc3fefdec62453aa8fcdd0c87979876311b8a1fc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131017556.jpg?k=46dee83a81ecbdd9d68e9c1c4ef51ea2051f75f39e33b32f17dfa75610975d0e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/164629957.jpg?k=42f6a848b461dd9248afa764acc0f4a6b2e5d33cb70983893d1f0c64454ad5d9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/131017540.jpg?k=95cd1a3059a066bddd08ded3857489b7c6be5b2f86c6447c11d563677f8a350c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Indoor swimming pool"\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Spa and wellness centre"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Fitness centre"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Superior Double Room"\n  - "Deluxe Double or Twin Room"\n  - "Luigi XIV"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 900 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 1,000 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.3 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Xheko Imperial 5 m"\n  - "Restorant Plaza 20 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 150 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 350 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 700 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 800 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 900 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Russell"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Pool, jacuzzi and sauna were great - very relaxing environment. Gym was reasonable for a hotel, they had a bench and a reasonable amount of machines/weights. Staff were friendly. Room was clean and relatively large.”"\n  - name: "Mohammad"\n    country: "United Arab Emirates"\n    text: "“I would like to thank Mr. Bledi in breakfast restaurant He is a very respectable person also the reception staff Extremely cooperative..... Mr mohammad alshatti from Kuwait”"\n  - name: "Luigi"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The room Superior was a little apartment full of charme. Nice Jacuzzi, huge double bed, spa included.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/xheko-imperial.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nAt the heart of the hotel's culinary offerings is the Carlsberg Restaurant, a haven for gourmands. Here, guests can savor a fusion of Albanian and Italian cuisines, all while enjoying the panoramic views from the rooftop terrace. For wine enthusiasts, the hotel's wine bar is a treasure trove, boasting an impressive array of local wines that promise to delight the palate.

The accommodations at Xheko Imperial are a testament to luxury, with each unit meticulously furnished to ensure an unparalleled stay. Guests are treated to a host of modern amenities including air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, minibar, and a safe. The French balconies add a touch of romance, while the bathrooms, equipped with complimentary toiletries, bathrobes, slippers, and a hairdryer, offer a spa-like retreat. The thoughtful addition of a complimentary bottle of water and fresh fruit further enhances the welcoming atmosphere.

Beyond the exquisite rooms, the hotel excels in providing top-notch facilities and services. Guests can enjoy the convenience of free Wi-Fi, ironing/dry cleaning services, parking, and the assurance of a 24-hour reception and room service. The hotel's commitment to guest satisfaction is evident in the personalized assistance offered by the front desk staff, who are always ready to help organize excursions, day trips, and sightseeing adventures. For those requiring transportation, a shuttle service is available at a surcharge.

Located just a 10-minute walk from the main city square, Xheko Imperial offers easy access to Tirana's vibrant heart. For guests arriving by bus or train, the main stations are a mere 6 km away, with local bus stops conveniently located 500 meters from the hotel. Tirana Airport is 29 km away, making the hotel a practical choice for both domestic and international travelers.

In summary, Xheko Imperial Luxury Hotel & SPA stands as a beacon of luxury and convenience in Tirana, offering guests an unforgettable stay through its sophisticated accommodations, exceptional dining, and impeccable service.