---\ntitle: "Xheni's Apartment"\ndescription: "Xheni's Apartment emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511670590.jpg?k=e0c881ebee42c87d5058d19f779f8e3b6e63979d8632d8b970e4d0be042d8ae5&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: xheni-s-apartment\naddress: "Rruga Ibrahim Rugova, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.31872104\n  lng: 19.81846159\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nratingWords: "Needs Improvement"\nnumberOfReviews: 0\nratings:\n  overall: 0\n  location: 0\n  cleanliness: 0\n  facilities: 0\n  value: 0\n  comfort: 0\n  staff: 0\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/511670590.jpg?k=e0c881ebee42c87d5058d19f779f8e3b6e63979d8632d8b970e4d0be042d8ae5&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 900 m"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 950 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Le Bonnie 20 m"\n  - "Bioteka 30 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 150 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 550 m"\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Piramida 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 750 m"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/xhenis-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis apartment distinguishes itself with its thoughtful amenities and well-appointed spaces. Guests are welcomed into a serene environment featuring a bedroom designed for restful nights, a fully equipped kitchen for culinary adventures, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment needs are met with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, complementing the living space. The commitment to a non-smoking environment ensures a pleasant stay for all guests.

Connectivity is effortless, thanks to complimentary WiFi accessible throughout the premises, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world or plan their next day's adventures with ease. A mere 1.2 km away, Skanderbeg Square offers a glimpse into the vibrant local life and culture.

For those keen to explore further, Xheni's Apartment is conveniently located near attractions that capture the essence of Tirana, including the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument, the iconic Pyramid of Tirana, and the intriguing Reja - The Cloud installation. Accessibility is further enhanced by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 16 km away, making arrivals and departures as smooth as possible.

Xheni's Apartment stands out as a top recommendation for travelers who value the blend of strategic location, comfort, and the freedom to explore Tirana's rich tapestry of experiences at their own pace.