---\ntitle: "Xhiro n'Shkoder Apartments"\ndescription: "Xhiro n'Shkoder Apartments emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of convenience and comfort in Shkodër, Shkoder County."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515248489.jpg?k=e1723152fe4259957cd75388465951f89a64fba0d55ecb044ab2a54a9724b496&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: xhiro-n-shkoder-apartments\naddress: "Kole Idromeno, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.0681603\n  lng: 19.51620695\nprice: "US$38"\npriceFrom: 38\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515248489.jpg?k=e1723152fe4259957cd75388465951f89a64fba0d55ecb044ab2a54a9724b496&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514988037.jpg?k=bf9e81ee9e9009646f6f8aca57220aa767eb38c49626a2ab30a7a6b276f76a36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/514988144.jpg?k=76bd5e776a3012031d1023910d1a8d6483e6b998996befbac9632d79e3a94dca&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515258419.jpg?k=e0b79ea3e709669071b70f28350c049cc85833526fa31bd5c9344a96eb689649&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515258450.jpg?k=767c37480a8fd631aa1765035adf75847ef3e5937e455f1ee3c09000c220ec8b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/515896228.jpg?k=39215c9355e415e3a27cc889c3efe6adb04447aa222d35bbb81f41e3b625de27&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment"\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Via D’Oro 40 m"\n  - "Baste Sportive 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 3 km"\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 10 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 38 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 73 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Radovani"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect and the host was exceptional.The best thing about this house is that is in the center of shkodra at the pedestrian walkway and because it is at the end of a hallway the noise doesn’t come in.Would recommend.”"\n  - name: "Raphael"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Zentrale Lage in unmittelbarer Nähe der Fußgängerzone mit zahlreichen Clubs und Restaurants. Aber dennoch angenehm ruhig, da die Wohnung in einer Gasse liegt, wo der Lärm nicht hinkommt. Elton als Gastgeber hat viele Tipps geben können zu...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/xhiro-n-shkoder-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nConnectivity is a breeze at Xhiro n'Shkoder Apartments, with complimentary WiFi enveloping the property, ensuring that guests remain connected with the world or plan their next adventure in Shkodër. For those looking to explore the local area at their own pace, the availability of a bicycle rental service and a car rental service provides the perfect opportunity to discover the hidden gems of Shkoder County.

The accommodations themselves are a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Each apartment is equipped with air conditioning, making it a cool retreat from the warm Shkodër sun. The fully equipped kitchen and dining area offer guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with a flat-screen TV in each unit, while the private bathroom, complete with a walk-in shower, hair dryer, and complimentary toiletries, ensures a refreshing start or end to the day. The added convenience of a private entrance and practical amenities such as a desk and kettle in each unit underscores the property’s commitment to guest satisfaction.

Situated 49 km from the Port of Bar and 58 km from Podgorica Airport, Xhiro n'Shkoder Apartments not only offers a serene escape but also ensures ease of travel to and from the property. Whether it's for the thoughtful amenities, the comfort of the accommodations, or the strategic location, Xhiro n'Shkoder Apartments stands out as a compelling choice for travelers visiting Shkodër.