---\ntitle: "Xhuli Guesthouse"\ndescription: "Xhuli Guesthouse in Shkodër stands out as a serene retreat offering guests a unique blend of comfort and natural beauty."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371903312.jpg?k=e245b646aced267226fff3323bb343a30274bf9fa57b45e15720f52a823b1ebe&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: xhuli-guesthouse\naddress: "Shkoder Bypass, 4001 Shkodër, Albania"\ncity: "Shkodër"\nlocation: "Shkodër"\naccommodationType: "guesthouse"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 42.06363337\n  lng: 19.43717995\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.2\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 71\nratings:\n  overall: 9.2\n  location: 9.6\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 6.3\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/371903312.jpg?k=e245b646aced267226fff3323bb343a30274bf9fa57b45e15720f52a823b1ebe&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/361816244.jpg?k=bfacda269e73262fc23358cb072c962ad46fe1b854bc29b244fb612182771dc3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358718418.jpg?k=cce3fc28cac61a21476e08ea25396856ae65fd1720522f74bcf561003a6629f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/465867676.jpg?k=d39f63e8d9e34d9925c4968defdd3b928679c254f682701aec6266f4d2ef26e0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362724631.jpg?k=3fce5fe688ae66ba1afa703159e8b62892dadb37d0acc238b9a7b51b2d3568f2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/362723026.jpg?k=1c57acd621f637c74da87c06848696e2b064b463668dae868ec18819a8440a99&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/360142210.jpg?k=a446654549de1e355a6cf2ff480a61713ebac6a4e1bec1cc6552182a48b388e4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/509569905.jpg?k=ca6e1b1bb17be82eecbc8da3c32149008cddcc16e9ea9e1757447919ff270b22&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/358718307.jpg?k=a53e503b992603be578682a3a3cd34320bcd45525cf34a1bb5acb9e047154e96&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Restorant Real 200 m"\n  - "Shiroka 96 800 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "National Park Skadar Lake 4.3 km"\n  - "Rozafa Castle Shkodra 5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Podgorica Airport 35 km"\n  - "Tivat Airport 69 km"\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 74 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Grzegorz"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Very cosy and very clean apartment. The place is very quiet, just opposite Shkodra Lake. It is also a perfect place for overnight stop while travelling through Albania. House owners are very helpful and hospitable. Beds are comfortable and WiFi...”"\n  - name: "Tuna"\n    country: "Slovenia"\n    text: "“Only the best to say! We were accepted by the boy and his perfect English, the facility was clean, neat, and spacious with a beautiful garden. In the morning the lady served us complimentary coffee, cookies, and juice for the kids. To top up the...”"\n  - name: "Davide"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“The family hospitality is wonderful, everyone partecipate in making your stay comfortable, parents and sons. The position, the sea lake and the structure will fully satisfy you!”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/bujtina-xhuli.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nEach room at Xhuli Guesthouse is thoughtfully designed to maximize guest comfort, featuring air conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a bidet and slippers. Select rooms elevate the experience further with the addition of a terrace, allowing guests to soak in the tranquil surroundings from the privacy of their accommodation. The attention to detail extends to the provision of bed linen and towels in every unit, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

For those looking to immerse themselves in the great outdoors, Xhuli Guesthouse does not disappoint. The property is ideally situated for guests to engage in activities such as fishing and hiking, allowing for an adventurous exploration of the area's natural beauty. Additionally, the guesthouse's garden and outdoor fireplace offer the perfect setting for relaxation after a day of activities.

Located 68 km from Podgorica Airport, the guesthouse also provides a convenient paid airport shuttle service, making it easily accessible for travelers. Whether seeking adventure or relaxation, guests of Xhuli Guesthouse are treated to an unforgettable stay that combines the comforts of home with the splendor of Shkodër's natural landscape.