---\ntitle: "Yacht Premium Hotel"\ndescription: "Yacht Premium Hotel, located a mere stone's throw away from the vibrant Sarande Main Beach, stands as a beacon of comfort and luxury in Sarandë."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473281457.jpg?k=bf5dfaf19efffb5b75ef7da11e8ad1bca51aa1eaa65e25ee367a1eb8d339b4ea&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: yacht-premium-hotel\naddress: "Rruga Mitat Hoxha, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "hotel"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.86959256\n  lng: 20.0023939\nprice: "US$95"\npriceFrom: 95\nstarRating: 4\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 343\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.2\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 9.4\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473281457.jpg?k=bf5dfaf19efffb5b75ef7da11e8ad1bca51aa1eaa65e25ee367a1eb8d339b4ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473281750.jpg?k=b59085e84c5990bdab24985159515a5ec7e5a413fa72ebf736a51d3f56348d36&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473283799.jpg?k=bf1248e9e9a3d0a73f2ebfba08401abde77231c0a7e79a148362a243cae87e1f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473286685.jpg?k=c55781efe6f54df493e90b8c13e541fde5216a99184224b029b41d0fe3b5089f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473281744.jpg?k=58bc1a0e9dce7b6a212935de0d949bd7cba4f65420f2234b75d4a18024fb3bd2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473290406.jpg?k=9c33d6e5415fa4218e81de29b90fdd9fddbfcb14599882bb37d1684dd8f09004&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Tea/coffee maker in all rooms"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Superb breakfast"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Side Sea View"\n  - "Deluxe Double Room with Sea View"\n  - "Junior Suite with Sea View"\n  - "Superior Suite with Sea View"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Beer Burger Saranda 40 m"\n  - "Baci A Tutti 40 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 50 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 750 m"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.1 km"\n  - "VIP Beach 1.9 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.3 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 2.9 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "Discover"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Richard"\n    country: "Ireland"\n    text: "“Super modern hotel located beside the port. Lovely staff and a large comfortable room. Nice breakfast too.”"\n  - name: "Keli"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Amazing, clean, comfortable rooms. This hotel is luxury in every sense of the word, but for a good price. The complimentary breakfast was delicious, our waiter was absolutely amazing and friendly. The receptionists, Melina and Daniella were both...”"\n  - name: "Anastasia"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Very comfortable room and great views from the balcony. Staff were very friendly throughout our stay and happy to offer recommendations. The room was very clean and the hotel was very quiet.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/yacht-premium-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Luxury"\nbestCategories: "Luxury"\ncategory: "Luxury"\n---\n\nGuests of Yacht Premium Hotel are treated to the pinnacle of comfort in air-conditioned rooms, each thoughtfully equipped with a desk, coffee machine, minibar, and safety deposit box for personal security. Entertainment and relaxation are guaranteed with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV and a private balcony, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The private bathrooms, complete with showers, add a touch of privacy and convenience, while select rooms offer captivating city views, enhancing the experience. The attention to detail is evident in the provision of a kettle in all rooms, alongside plush bed linen and towels, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and satisfying.

The hotel's strategic location places guests at the heart of Sarandë's most sought-after attractions, including Saranda City Beach, La Petite Beach, and the picturesque Saranda Bay Beach, making it an ideal choice for travelers keen on exploring the local sights and sounds. For those venturing further, Ioannina Airport is located 97 km away, making Yacht Premium Hotel a convenient base for both local and international travelers.

With its commitment to exceptional service, evidenced by the availability of room service, a 24-hour front desk, complimentary WiFi, concierge service, and luggage storage space, Yacht Premium Hotel ensures a seamless and memorable stay for all guests.