---\ntitle: "Yes"\ndescription: "Yes Hotel emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466980245.jpg?k=69564cf0fa250d01236c1ac20bce414c63599d4e0a746b1f236c29d95007b026&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: yes\naddress: "Rruga Mihal Duri 3, 1000 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32874108\n  lng: 19.81285386\nprice: "US$31"\npriceFrom: 31\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 25\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.9\n  cleanliness: 8.7\n  facilities: 8.6\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/466980245.jpg?k=69564cf0fa250d01236c1ac20bce414c63599d4e0a746b1f236c29d95007b026&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522394745.jpg?k=91657298775c63b2ea4247775cee66c728579841f784bcf085738770d0027444&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522398390.jpg?k=5d272436bb61647b479dcd88a6c7e0e5961d3a75de35cdc71ce10ab38c0a89a0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522395214.jpg?k=f530d292efbd257cf74cfb16d24c82a91ffd24ac72461ec92dbe29cc4d824deb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522395339.jpg?k=89eb4b980dd4d279187f3827ec6b4608a6ace8a8fd94cddef8916b48277e4ffb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/489584198.jpg?k=115bf69549c1d0270a9bfa264f486948479334f2e648236509869d09aff9bfa8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522396210.jpg?k=064a1079f703d233edb8ca5192d488ee316f31915deeb4ce81619ffacddbe39a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522398821.jpg?k=36e53601c0e0f684b1f6d72b683b0ecaf5a44040928d59d4231c495738f5d9ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/522400059.jpg?k=fa142dd5308bd043be0af756ad6ade6fff9145cb06e0dcd57c86a3ec11ffef56&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kodrina & Bar 10 m"\n  - "Rukas Caffé 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Julia"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“The location was awesome, the neighbourhood was not very noisy, but it was very close to the main square. The toilet was rather clean. What was good was that the entrance was independent, accessible from the street. The host was very nice and...”"\n  - name: "Isabella"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Very special facility, beautiful, spacious and bright, just a few minutes walk from the center б On the evening of our arrival the owner arranged a taxi for us at the airport to get off and you have everything on hand ⤚Highly recommend”"\n  - name: "Lara"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“The location, the space, the contact with the manager, the amenities”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/yes.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe hotel boasts a meticulously designed apartment that caters to the needs of modern travelers. Guests will find themselves enveloped in comfort with the apartment's air-conditioned spaces, featuring a cozy bedroom, a living room equipped with a flat-screen TV for entertainment, an equipped kitchen for those who prefer to prepare their own meals, and a bathroom complete with a bath and hair dryer. The addition of a private entrance ensures an exclusive and undisturbed stay.

Connectivity is never an issue, as guests can enjoy complimentary WiFi throughout their stay. For those arriving by car, private parking is available, ensuring a hassle-free experience from arrival to departure.

Strategically positioned, Yes Hotel is within walking distance of several of Tirana's must-see attractions, including the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower Tirana. For guests looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje is an accessible 43 km drive. The Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located 15 km away, adds to the convenience, making Yes Hotel an ideal choice for both leisure and business travelers aiming to discover the charm and vibrancy of Tirana.