---\ntitle: "Yes2"\ndescription: "Located in the heart of Tirana, Yes2 offers a prime location for travelers eager to explore the city's rich history and vibrant culture."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177435.jpg?k=e29cff56bacba860d78b2e2b21f2c951753a7b7684b4b287ab7212e3163e6160&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: yes2\naddress: "6 Rruga Mihal Duri, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32871447\n  lng: 19.81283783\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.8\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.8\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177435.jpg?k=e29cff56bacba860d78b2e2b21f2c951753a7b7684b4b287ab7212e3163e6160&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177513.jpg?k=e10e0f5288c4afe2b80e174147eada285dc10109300d7579c73a3b26ab33559e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177498.jpg?k=809f010fef68401b04e1282674490734a06194c6685492ec3072dfc4134842ad&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177461.jpg?k=d28e6f1cfb6bd925786dc42c9a93a409ebc90f38ff1e2f959a2d6bb03d1befda&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177503.jpg?k=83456a2394da349f54e543c9cea4a39db9dc3922e9759398eea004ad4a2bf793&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177329.jpg?k=641c64fb46db42070855eec45f5a8b4bcbe86c2f3a5ee211aba25798ae73faac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177394.jpg?k=5f7b81688c08ba1bfe0c62158385655c11544719e916b8d313a0f45aeb8222bf&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177426.jpg?k=6f12712d8c50f88a7990288b1c6ce90a9ee29de4afa42358bf1d639d8743b3bb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/495177384.jpg?k=ee4b916e1514cd4aa892948643d213d45511a155d06ccadff4907b8f73f81f33&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 950 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.1 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Kodrina & Bar 10 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 40 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Paris 200 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 400 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 550 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 550 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Ceri"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“Gorgeous apartment in a great location, and the host was very friendly and helpful. Would highly recommend :)”"\n  - name: "Florentina"\n    country: "Romania"\n    text: "“Everything was perfect, from the host to the location. The host was there for us if we needed something despite he was at work, very helpfull, tried and make our vacantion there a real pleasure. I recommend, 10 stars plus.”"\n  - name: "Soňa"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“The apartment has really unique vibe. From the beautiful bathroom to the construction in the living room where the old doors are creating one of the walls next to the kitchen. The host was really nice and helped us with everything even he was at...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/yes2.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe proximity to notable landmarks such as the House of Leaves, Rinia Park, and the Clock Tower of Tirana—each less than a kilometer away—makes Yes2 an ideal choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the local scene. Additionally, the convenience of free WiFi and the option for private parking (available for a fee) add to the appeal of this accommodation.

Inside, guests will find a sanctuary in the air-conditioned apartment, which features a separate bedroom, a fully equipped kitchen for those who enjoy preparing their meals, and a modern bathroom. Entertainment is readily available with the inclusion of a flat-screen TV, ensuring a comfortable stay. It's important to note that Yes2 is a non-smoking property, catering to those who prefer a smoke-free environment.

For dining, visitors will be pleased to find a variety of options nearby, allowing for an authentic taste of Tirana without the need to venture far. 

Yes2 is not just about its prime location; it's a gateway to discovering Tirana's most popular attractions, including the Et'hem Bey Mosque, the National Museum of History of Albania, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania. For those traveling to and from Tirana, the convenience of being just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is the icing on the cake.

In summary, Yes2 emerges as a top choice for travelers seeking a comfortable, well-located base to explore the enchanting city of Tirana, offering both the comforts of home and the excitement of the city right at your doorstep.