---\ntitle: "Your Apartment Tirana City Centre"\ndescription: "Your Apartment Tirana City Centre emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking the perfect blend of convenience and comfort in the heart of Tirana."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528202678.jpg?k=fc722206f60b538086c857cbf649197c460d91556266b40c0ea1357e280891d8&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: your-apartment-tirana-city-centre\naddress: "Rruga Konstandini Kristoforidhi, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32928859\n  lng: 19.82334181\nprice: "US$42"\npriceFrom: 42\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 7.9\nratingWords: "Good"\nnumberOfReviews: 17\nratings:\n  overall: 7.9\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 8.9\n  facilities: 8.3\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 8.8\n  staff: 8.9\n  wifi: 2.5\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/528202678.jpg?k=fc722206f60b538086c857cbf649197c460d91556266b40c0ea1357e280891d8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464518625.jpg?k=d320cb1e675d5336a939841f4037c9e51cabe0e6892e004ca3dcc5092e544ce1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464518639.jpg?k=db71bedaf0034b7bbee0cf9df4372c2b3da484e98e476075ac611ff17af54ae5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476636444.jpg?k=6d6c033fcf92105bff77880c810f27a4b2337a93271e9eeb5168b81ac22193ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491574935.jpg?k=a91f683678aec121d9a42612b1e780d3845f4807ae003ae1530a0ba234838168&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/491576247.jpg?k=9bbb7e7a5d3f561307765290f55a645ac2331ee749b7477b26d433bb26cf5bc7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/476637537.jpg?k=408156bd1ebb0ced4ee58341b5690e5634f042736b41059e75ae0ad978d3f18b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464518645.jpg?k=79e192940b1b42c8151d94ef03900853f8257de47bceb22a8e8214d15b37dab2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/464518641.jpg?k=63d2e5686a8614352a923d29d9b7ff8fc056557d8146c53cb0467ee336319f60&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "24-hour front desk"\n  - "Bar"\nroomTypes:\n  - "One-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 650 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 650 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Torcoletto da Fabio 50 m"\n  - "Grill House Greek Original Souvlaki 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 150 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 250 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 350 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 400 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 400 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 400 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 450 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Parku Rinia 550 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Dj"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“A hidden gem in the heart of Tirana.
The place was modern, clean and organized. It had all the utilities needed, and confortable beds. Great location and easy to walk around.
The host Andrea, was friendly and always available to help and...”"\n  - name: "Anonymous"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“The best experience i have ever had in Albania. The property was in the city center, only 3 minutes away from “Sheshi Skenderbej”. The house was so comfortable. Everything was so clean and tidy. Also the boy was so humble and so helpful. He...”"\n  - name: "Yassine"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“perfect location in the center of Tirana all the essential services were close and the owner was very helpful and polite I recommend to a couple”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/your-apartment-tirana-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nGuests are welcomed into a modern 1-bedroom apartment that doesn't skimp on comfort or functionality. The living space is equipped with a flat-screen TV, complete with streaming services for entertainment at any time. The kitchen doesn't disappoint either, being fully equipped with a toaster, fridge, and more, catering to all culinary needs. The convenience extends to the bathroom, featuring a walk-in shower, with towels and bed linen readily provided, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Privacy and tranquility are paramount, with soundproofing and a private entrance allowing guests to enjoy their stay without disturbance. Additionally, the property boasts a 24-hour front desk, an elevator for easy access, and the luxury of free WiFi throughout. Though private parking comes at an extra charge, the added convenience is undeniable.

Families will find the indoor play area an invaluable feature, ensuring that younger guests are entertained. Moreover, the on-site minimarket adds a layer of convenience, making last-minute needs easily attainable.

Located near attractions such as the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, guests are perfectly positioned to explore the rich cultural tapestry of Tirana. For those traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, with the apartment offering a paid shuttle service for seamless travel arrangements.

Your Apartment Tirana City Centre stands as a testament to thoughtful accommodation that prioritizes guest experience, making it an excellent choice for those looking to explore Tirana in comfort and style.