---\ntitle: "Your local experience, Tirana"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at \"Your Local Experience, Tirana,\" a prime choice for travelers seeking both comfort and convenience."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479533029.jpg?k=9f1bc46e453ecede55b5e7caf175dc30e31a124d25cfcd9a508dc8c4619268f0&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: your-local-experience-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Sali Butka, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.32194108\n  lng: 19.79920678\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.6\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 4\nratings:\n  overall: 9.6\n  location: 8.8\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 8.8\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479533029.jpg?k=9f1bc46e453ecede55b5e7caf175dc30e31a124d25cfcd9a508dc8c4619268f0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532146.jpg?k=4182d47724cbea14582712261abe8061f141b251716c00faa79d1241d3d5be83&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532232.jpg?k=e1d289bda9c628fab778e8af776543b4aded9700f196079056be31958e5a3928&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532196.jpg?k=c8f94c4599bc8ffc4a961a87e611c896ba1ec001f3ce6c9a1a7c521462a01450&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532161.jpg?k=d952d42c81c0644b84e5232a43f28d6acd4504126f73e2924f1ccc9958f92418&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532187.jpg?k=afd1ad0248fd8d23f6f633cc1f0a4b541fee12534058892388ca7b852362454e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532291.jpg?k=053f648a8ab857b8ec29ad475653ae5d10c4dbb3fcbc57c7e453ab147e4fd1bd&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532237.jpg?k=4106260fdf2f3685c94c08ab3d98dcd5264d83c8f5cefed0fc8edda8de79891d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/479532171.jpg?k=12fcc79b58ff8faa29e20899917c02119ff71520903753ad526ff20e6ab5112e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.5 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.6 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.7 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.8 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.8 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.9 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Ancor Fish House 100 m"\n  - "Themmas Kitchen 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 100 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 200 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 250 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Pallati me Shigjeta 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 850 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Parku 1Km 950 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.5 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Irena"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Very nice and spacious apartment. Friendly and fast service and guidance, car parking in a garage, grocery and plenty of restaurants near the apartment. everything is very clean and you can walk to anywhere in Tirana from there.”"\n  - name: "Tani17"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Friendly host. New modern apartment and furniture. Private parking included. Clean apartment.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/your-local-experience-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\n"Your Local Experience, Tirana" boasts spacious, air-conditioned accommodations, each featuring a balcony to enjoy the city's ambiance. Guests will appreciate the convenience of free WiFi and private parking, making stays hassle-free from arrival to departure. Situated 2.2 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha and a mere stone's throw from the Rock of Kavaje, 42 km away, the apartment serves as an ideal base for those looking to immerse themselves in the local culture and history. Additionally, the Reja - The Cloud and the Postbllok - Checkpoint Monument are both just 2.3 km away, offering unique insights into the city's artistic and historical landscape.

The apartment itself is thoughtfully designed for comfort and privacy, featuring two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and two bathrooms, catering to both families and groups of friends. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, and guests can rest easy knowing the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay.

For those interested in exploring further, the House of Leaves museum is only 2 km away, and Rinia Park, a local favorite for relaxation and leisure, is 2.2 km from the property. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, making "Your Local Experience, Tirana" an accessible retreat for international and domestic travelers alike.

In summary, "Your Local Experience, Tirana" offers a blend of comfort, convenience, and a touch of local charm, making it a standout option for those looking to explore the best of Tirana.