---\ntitle: "Your tidy & affordable base in Tiranë!"\ndescription: "Discover a gem in the heart of Tirana at \"Your tidy & affordable base in Tiranë!"\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473972790.jpg?k=fab42f1a32c25f80bd1514ffbadbc385f2a756b6bcad5119a9512aa20dd50d03&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: your-tidy-affordable-base-in-tiran\naddress: "Rruga Ferit Xhajko, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33768207\n  lng: 19.82144097\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 2\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473972790.jpg?k=fab42f1a32c25f80bd1514ffbadbc385f2a756b6bcad5119a9512aa20dd50d03&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473993283.jpg?k=218f1b0abba05286129120ac2847d39cec66ddc65b525f6e52345f24d46f07ec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473993995.jpg?k=94a78d5fdb4f2b46aae4b3ac3935914ea97defd8417dd16a0b749f5c4c278916&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473992593.jpg?k=80e6ae10acdb14bc651dba2bea0069ebe865a321473ca8d8ea328184d76bf19a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473993457.jpg?k=7027c6499c45c4b852314f61f75e9e472b24e03426ba95621304182bf6c2b8f8&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473994355.jpg?k=bef0ab6e3902ea4342708c6c940d42472df29208d5e6c427a793f653784536ea&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473994704.jpg?k=c60faa493bc9962622c6871cfe18290fafc8ead9a326a0117d6d73a76b2377d1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473995080.jpg?k=12fa9e3a1004c171174dcf35b0e5969d61d44605b5f02a528612ab7b7033d047&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/473995451.jpg?k=aaa807a10526abcc67d36ebb3bdc1f3beccf1e63d01ea591b2c1b692ce8acde0&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 1.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.3 km"\n  - "Rinia Park 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.9 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.9 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Kafe Restorant Durrsi 50 m"\n  - "Byrektore 250 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1,000 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 1.1 km"\n  - "Parku Europa 1.2 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Mine Peza 1.2 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 10 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\npaymentMethods:\n  - "Maestro"\n  - "Mastercard"\n  - "Visa"\n  - "American Express"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Jacob"\n    country: "United States"\n    text: "“The place is very big for the price. Older, but well maintained. Nice kitchen. Host was friendly. Communication was easy. Many places to walk to that are near by.”"\n  - name: "Ceyhun"\n    country: "Turkey"\n    text: "“Her şeyi ile dört dörtlük, tüm ihtiyaçlarınız düşünülmüş, konaklamanızı kusursuz hale getirmek için emek verilmiş çok memnun ayrıldık”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/your-tidy-amp-affordable-base-in-tirane.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Budget"\nbestCategories: "Budget"\ncategory: "Budget"\n---\n\nThe apartment itself boasts modern comforts in a cozy setting. Guests will appreciate the air-conditioned space, which includes two well-appointed bedrooms, a living room for relaxation, and a dining area for intimate meals. The kitchen comes fully equipped with an oven, ensuring that home-cooked meals are on the menu whenever desired. A flat-screen TV rounds out the amenities, making it easy to catch up on favorite shows after a day of exploration.

For those looking to venture out, the apartment is conveniently located near the Toptani Shopping Centre, National Gallery of Arts Tirana, and the iconic Clock Tower Tirana, making it easy to dive into the local shopping and art scene. With both free WiFi and on-site parking included at no extra charge, guests are assured a hassle-free stay.

Situated just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, "Your tidy & affordable base in Tiranë!" ensures that both arriving and departing are as smooth as possible. This non-smoking apartment is an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort, convenience, and accessibility in Albania's vibrant capital.