---\ntitle: "Your home far away from home!"\ndescription: "Discover the charm of Tirana with a stay at \"Your Home Far Away From Home,\" a prime accommodation choice that offers more than just a place to rest."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893207.jpg?k=548774ce12dae167f199c26b88659a410f97ada485ee19dd7c899b552051e947&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: your-home-far-away-from-home\naddress: "Rruga Nikolla Lena, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.323144\n  lng: 19.80716863\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 12\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.8\n  cleanliness: 9.8\n  facilities: 9.2\n  value: 9.8\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.8\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893207.jpg?k=548774ce12dae167f199c26b88659a410f97ada485ee19dd7c899b552051e947&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409176286.jpg?k=f833db96cc705e9a25af66ec43856743d06caea83a9d9e9e10dd416cf5c6ba66&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893213.jpg?k=8f3d5467dff023684b68162230dbde62fdbd7bf500548d45f81f16807833ab9c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/386315255.jpg?k=4b52d845130ffa6061e305e3d631fe7601c37284defdc965b7498228400e71e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893205.jpg?k=1092cd0ca14eb12cb6a33bbc5e59e461530d7f09978aa67999ca208115112ce0&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/410732678.jpg?k=2270c5a93d9806bc64f318e607a4cc0b4b630401d0b112d6ff0e2bdea9bdc611&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893210.jpg?k=741d0f486f36ff5cf171ec851a3d7c4ea18f7fe5a62008a9092cfe543564a408&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/409893216.jpg?k=4866967792d135695e448dff1a38fecf9a320a4b770255921041d092f04244b3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/408000645.jpg?k=30ba0b7db542964a18f78ca9fcbd74e2f3b6c71a221fc29338f2a0a3d0c4314c&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 1.1 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 1.1 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 1.2 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1.6 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 5 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "chocoberry 10 m"\n  - "Byrektore 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 350 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Shefqet Musaraj 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Sali Butka 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 700 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Bajram Curri 850 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Kongresi i Lushnjës 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 80 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vittorio"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Available and kind host. Good position, you have all in the nearby. Comfortable bed and living room.”"\n  - name: "Dritan"\n    country: "Albania"\n    text: "“Great accomodation in Tirana. The facilities are great, super comfortable bed, the location is perfect, very close to everything. Denisa is an amazing host, very friendly and she answered always very very quickly. I enjoyed the stay, Thank you🙂”"\n  - name: "Yassine"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Super host, zeer communicatief en behulpzaam! Goede locatie en tof ingericht.”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/enjoy-the-city-staying-in-my-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis air-conditioned apartment is a haven of comfort, featuring a cozy bedroom, a welcoming living room, and a fully equipped kitchen complete with modern conveniences like a toaster and kettle. The bathroom, adorned with a bidet and complimentary slippers, adds a touch of luxury to your stay. Guests will find the inclusion of towels and bed linen in the apartment a thoughtful touch, ensuring a hassle-free stay.

Designed with privacy in mind, the accommodation boasts a private entrance, allowing guests to come and go as they please. The free WiFi and a flat-screen TV cater to the needs of the modern traveler, ensuring connectivity and entertainment throughout the stay.

For those eager to explore Tirana's green spaces, Rinia Park is nearby, along with the architectural marvel of Et'hem Bey Mosque and the contemporary art installation, Reja - The Cloud. Conveniently, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 14 km away, making "Your Home Far Away From Home" an ideal choice for both short visits and extended stays in this dynamic city.