---\ntitle: "Zani’s Apartments"\ndescription: "Zani’s Apartments presents a remarkable option for travelers seeking the perfect blend of comfort and convenience on the shores of Durrës."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377784315.jpg?k=93b90bb2bff45520f7fea5dea455ed2a4a42c14b93c0f620c08488445da753a4&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zani-s-apartments\naddress: "Rruga Venecia, 2002 Durrës, Albania"\ncity: "Durrës"\nlocation: "Durrës"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.30314223\n  lng: 19.49387233\nprice: "US$70"\npriceFrom: 70\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.5\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.5\n  location: 9.1\n  cleanliness: 9.7\n  facilities: 9.1\n  value: 9.7\n  comfort: 9.7\n  staff: 9.7\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/377784315.jpg?k=93b90bb2bff45520f7fea5dea455ed2a4a42c14b93c0f620c08488445da753a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471766019.jpg?k=594638f5f3f7e55ee7d8cfa393dfbbf54fdaacf91bd8fe569d651a105d12b1e7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471766037.jpg?k=2bff4191de3c9de5017ba55acf59e2711682c0d846092a78457509a660f43da1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485398638.jpg?k=d78fe487d1ea4e072bfa779cc676843e95d6485566d47e1c812e28a94fcfbbf5&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/485393513.jpg?k=8d31fba10f784d79ceae329eb9c3ac02932b6fd7dd93191cd29a05f40ba8d176&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/471766010.jpg?k=be7048c60fa6ec8a402c4190204021c52d7231f2b3470cc2dbbbd8baad3b3e8d&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Private parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Apartment with Balcony"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Prizreni. Halimaj Reisen 30 m"\n  - "Gostivari 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Durres Beach 50 m"\n  - "Shkëmbi i Kavajës Beach 2.3 km"\n  - "Currila Beach 3.9 km"\n  - "Golem Beach 4.7 km"\n  - "Kallmi Beach 5 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Bekimi 3.1 km"\n  - "Wine Dhe Pooh 4 km"\n  - "Sheshi Demokracia 4.1 km"\n  - "Yje Dhe Hena 4.2 km"\n  - "Durres Amphiteatre 4.2 km"\n  - "1. Maj 4.4 km"\n  - "Sotir Noka 4.4 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 22 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Vasyl"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“We booked the apartment literally a few hours before our arrival. And our host Sadik contacted us right after and made our arrival and stay there as comfortable as possible. He was so kind to reserve a parking place for our car in front of the...”"\n  - name: "Shqiprim"\n    country: "Kosovo"\n    text: "“Hosts were very friendly, helpful and respectful. They used to response within minutes for anything we were asking for.”"\n  - name: "Gojart"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Very closet to the beach, clean and around everything that you need , nice place i will be back again to”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zanis-apartments.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nEach apartment within this complex is a testament to thoughtful design and guest comfort. Air conditioning ensures a respite from the Mediterranean heat, while the inclusion of a seating area and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels allows for relaxing evenings in. The convenience of a fully equipped kitchen and dining area enables guests to prepare and enjoy meals at their leisure. Privacy and comfort are paramount, with each unit boasting a private bathroom complete with a hair dryer, bidet, and complimentary toiletries. For those with sensitivities, the assurance of allergy-free and soundproof accommodations adds an extra layer of comfort to the stay.

Situated 43 km from the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and just 4.4 km from the Rock of Kavaje, Zani’s Apartments is ideally positioned for guests looking to explore the natural beauty and cultural heritage of the area. The proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, 33 km away, makes it a convenient choice for international travelers. Zani’s Apartments stands out as a premier choice for those seeking a serene beachfront retreat with the comforts of home at their fingertips.