---\ntitle: "Zarlett House, Pazari ri ,Villa with Garden,Parking"\ndescription: "Zarlett House, Pazari ri, Villa with Garden, Parking emerges as a serene oasis in the heart of Tirana, offering a unique blend of comfort and convenience for travelers seeking an unforgettable stay."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543861.jpg?k=80ac468e92c90278e21149cc3dd260b28bc4e4b11a77252d6cfc6bca24909c2a&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zarlett-house-pazari-ri-villa-with-garden-parking\naddress: "Rruga Riza Jasa, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "villa"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3316633\n  lng: 19.8244734\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 10\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 3\nratings:\n  overall: 10\n  location: 10\n  cleanliness: 10\n  facilities: 10\n  value: 10\n  comfort: 10\n  staff: 10\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543861.jpg?k=80ac468e92c90278e21149cc3dd260b28bc4e4b11a77252d6cfc6bca24909c2a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543959.jpg?k=4491d0750f4d670f110b56d6116912df4bfd521798005bc2c724e5db111ec684&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543948.jpg?k=7396c158a599a8711d57426173edad9c98b279b9e3d4d92f376767fdc7301d5e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543972.jpg?k=8dd796cb57b4698828de7e0a137ce59d78de5833ab99d95c7f12074092ac93ac&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543937.jpg?k=c6be6aaad99b8a0299151580e72f128b16656093f16b9d57d9dee5453614b98b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543971.jpg?k=5aeeed3c613129121889969a6f9114ed5f4151018db929f118a48f7c340efb7b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543974.jpg?k=e091e24a6ee083b98d6712130574e14e75fae5ce8919ae87e5fb9e741b32f5e9&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543940.jpg?k=563a9d14082aa7eec7b3b788dfbdcfc9861281a9f3a4df1328266722569123a4&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/510543918.jpg?k=8b3c280766fbe1eb87f6a5e9c899a7b4ca4a72138e19e5a505eb5cc4b2954ace&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "House of Leaves 850 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 950 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.3 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Bar Restorant 50 m"\n  - "Ylli Hidri Soni Fish 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 400 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 400 m"\n  - "Amazing Nature 500 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 600 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 600 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 650 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 700 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 78 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Francesco"\n    country: "Italy"\n    text: "“Posizione centrale, casa molto accogliente con tutti i confort, casa pulita e spaziosa.
Spazio esterno molto carino.
Host gentilissimo e disponibile
Consigatissimo”"\n  - name: "Rivka"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“Comfortabel huis met zalige bedden op een leuke locatie overal dichtbij in Tirana. Een klein paradijs middenin de stad ! Alles is aanwezig voor een zalig verblijf .”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zarlett-house-pazari-ri-villa-with-garden-parking.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Families"\nbestCategories: "Families"\ncategory: "Families"\n---\n\nThe property, a smoke-free environment located just 1.8 km from the historical Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, invites guests into a world of tranquility and relaxation. The ground-floor villa is thoughtfully designed with two spacious bedrooms, ensuring a restful night's sleep for all. The living space is enhanced by a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of sightseeing. A fully equipped kitchen, complete with modern appliances such as an oven, microwave, washing machine, fridge, and stovetop, allows guests the freedom to prepare their own meals, adding a touch of home to their travel experience.

The allure of Zarlett House extends beyond its interior, with a picturesque garden view that can be enjoyed from the comfort of the balcony or terrace. An outdoor dining area provides the perfect setting for al fresco meals, making the most of Tirana's pleasant climate.

For those looking to explore, the villa's proximity to notable attractions such as Tanners' Bridge, Toptani Shopping Centre, and the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, places guests at the center of the action. Furthermore, the convenience of being just 15 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport ensures a hassle-free arrival and departure.

Zarlett House, Pazari ri, Villa with Garden, Parking stands out as an ideal choice for travelers seeking a blend of privacy, comfort, and accessibility in the vibrant city of Tirana.