---\ntitle: "Zero Zero Apartments Sarande"\ndescription: "Zero Zero Apartments Sarande emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a beachfront oasis in Sarandë, just a stone's throw away from Sarande Main Beach."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306009909.jpg?k=6ed98dea7986032fc37704538d47b66e1bbd8607d071edf17e124a10bf1a1d48&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zero-zero-apartments-sarande\naddress: "Mitat Hoxha Street, 9701 Sarandë, Albania"\ncity: "Sarandë"\nlocation: "Sarandë"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 39.8702044\n  lng: 19.99516983\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.1\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 454\nratings:\n  overall: 9.1\n  location: 8.9\n  cleanliness: 9.1\n  facilities: 9\n  value: 9\n  comfort: 9.2\n  staff: 9.3\n  wifi: 9\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306009909.jpg?k=6ed98dea7986032fc37704538d47b66e1bbd8607d071edf17e124a10bf1a1d48&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/265225820.jpg?k=91babc35ff15b7e89ae13b4ecf44edff164af8c7f2d7499116d0fc42219611e3&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199861666.jpg?k=34275065e3548e41c41d7f1935b1722d15f45aad7d231ead7e041286cf6e28fa&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148611301.jpg?k=72397328f5a50fcce80fd5db52d67ad910b041b44598827b6feb32117b9b4dab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/306011788.jpg?k=9fb5374d4c82288ffbf3ea3bce539c48742a79df3b7f77ac1fa0a1818cef497a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/345949382.jpg?k=1e7da1be7d4b6f00dcacbf711bb5ff7e309bfd58ea0879f854be36bb23621d52&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/446680770.jpg?k=3bcf73e9167847b0480e0329ef07d59895e25d8621744c08a268a40e5783ebe1&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/148611857.jpg?k=be4d87fe176e92edce79609da8ea1e4968d29bc635873d6bef6d3f3a82c8916f&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/199861049.jpg?k=a8800f74d7bccfa8e93f2911bc45eaad333227365a5cfa7dfef66919d1a3e89e&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Room service"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\n  - "Restaurant"\n  - "Family rooms"\n  - "Beachfront"\n  - "Bar"\n  - "Private beach area"\n  - "Very good breakfast"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "La Playa 50 m"\n  - "Fast Food Kasandro 150 m"\nnearbyBeaches:\n  - "Sarande Main Beach 0 m"\n  - "Saranda City Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "Saranda Bay Beach 1.3 km"\n  - "La Petite Beach 1.6 km"\n  - "Maestral Beach 1.8 km"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parc National de Butrint 2.8 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 3.4 km"\n  - "Plazhi I Krorezes 8 km"\n  - "Parku Kombetar I Butrintit 11 km"\n  - "Butrint National Park 12 km"\nairports:\n  - "Corfu International Airport 30 km"\n  - "Ioannina Airport 72 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Hans-werner"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“The owner and his staff helped me a lot to giving me a ride to a bike Shop, where I could buy stuff to repairs my bike. Nice privat beach 100 m away from the room. Good bar.with good food and drinks. Present people. Walking distance from town...”"\n  - name: "Michal"\n    country: "Slovakia"\n    text: "“Very close by the beach, breakfast included, wifi working, parking in front of the building, welcome drink on the house.”"\n  - name: "Veselin"\n    country: "Bulgaria"\n    text: "“Best place with amazing stuff!!! Congratulations to Lui for his great place!!! Special thanks to Klaudio...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zero-zero-apartments-sarande.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Beach Access"\nbestCategories: "Beach Access"\ncategory: "Beach Access"\n---\n\nAccommodations at Zero Zero Apartments Sarande are thoughtfully equipped, with select units offering balconies or patios that present breathtaking sea views complemented by outdoor dining areas. The presence of a wardrobe and flat-screen TV in every unit ensures a comfortable and entertaining stay.

Dining at the apartment complex is an experience in itself, with an on-site traditional restaurant serving a variety of meals from dinner and lunch to brunch and cocktails, promising a culinary journey for every palate.

For those looking to explore beyond the serene beachfront, Zero Zero Apartments Sarande facilitates adventure with a convenient car rental service. The location is ideal for beach enthusiasts, with Saranda City Beach and Saranda Bay Beach within easy reach, located 1.6 km and 1.8 km away, respectively. For international travelers, Ioannina Airport is the nearest gateway, situated 98 km from the property.

Zero Zero Apartments Sarande stands out as a meticulously designed accommodation, offering a blend of comfort, convenience, and captivating views, making it a top recommendation for those visiting Sarandë.