---\ntitle: "Zeus Tirana Suite Deluxe"\ndescription: "Zeus Tirana Suite Deluxe emerges as a modern oasis in the heart of Tirana, boasting a prime location close to the city's historical and cultural landmarks."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151891.jpg?k=bc38b8d7b73114e611b63bdd5f7df02ff21cf01579e18679c19efd73cfcbc723&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zeus-tirana-suite-deluxe\naddress: "Rruga Papa Kristo Negovani, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3336291\n  lng: 19.81787683\nprice: "US$82"\npriceFrom: 82\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.3\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 45\nratings:\n  overall: 9.3\n  location: 9.5\n  cleanliness: 9.2\n  facilities: 9.3\n  value: 9.5\n  comfort: 9\n  staff: 9.5\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151891.jpg?k=bc38b8d7b73114e611b63bdd5f7df02ff21cf01579e18679c19efd73cfcbc723&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151920.jpg?k=ed10c65a8dbd6c4f4bef4795e56a54f3a9e0d6a5de6203cfae38c8d3d2c12d5d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151923.jpg?k=00845b066af8224b02a22944f4da463140ea5e75d15497a98830f1b862cad38d&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151889.jpg?k=d10aa26d7b61fba05c1e09dc6734620859b64f8276dd89b9370a56c4e9f76b4a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151897.jpg?k=d255fb995fe08d10c589b2a2ee0470b7f96efde10425f1fa5626b97d6d8b873e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/442982661.jpg?k=9a2fe921a42e40638485d45ac6872bc2056a56e6494d8d880dd808735eb82db7&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151910.jpg?k=1b5b6afc66cd233f94571e2f303a79ecf128aa198a2021d8b6130d2c8d6bb6ae&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151908.jpg?k=6749b3c6290ff30ac36906fed196b1b5c52b1822d7a1e23330f3b5b19c985264&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/445151902.jpg?k=b34d3e28744b3fe444c42de4d94eb6d0045f721872eb2fde19a6cb84e67b3887&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (50 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nroomTypes:\n  - "Two-Bedroom Apartment"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 1 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 4 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Papas Bakery & Sweets 50 m"\n  - "Mozart 50 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 100 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 450 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 650 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 700 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 850 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Carmina"\n    country: "United Kingdom"\n    text: "“The area is perfect, you have shops, coffeeshops, restaurants and everything you need nearby.”"\n  - name: "Krzysztof"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Pięknie urządzony apartament, z miejscem postojowy w garażu. Dwie sypialnie, jedna naprawde duża. Piekny widok z okna. Nowy budynek z windą. Centralna lokalizacja w Tiranie. Blisko świetna kawiarnia z kanapkami i lunchami czynna od rana do...”"\n  - name: "Ewa"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“Piękne mieszkanie, darmowy podziemny parking, łatwy kontakt. Polecam”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zeus-tirana-suite-deluxe.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThe suite itself is a testament to thoughtful design and comfort. Guests are welcomed into a spacious apartment that not only offers breathtaking city views from its terrace but also provides a haven of relaxation with two bedrooms, a living room, and modern amenities including a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen. The attention to detail is evident, from the provision of chocolates and cookies for a sweet welcome to the soundproofing and air-conditioning that ensure a serene and comfortable stay.

For those arriving by car, the convenience of private parking on site is a significant plus, alongside the added peace of mind provided by full-day security and an elevator for easy access. The non-smoking, soundproof apartment with a private entrance guarantees a personal and uninterrupted experience.

Zeus Tirana Suite Deluxe is also ideally located for those wishing to explore more of Tirana, with the House of Leaves, Toptani Shopping Centre, and Clock Tower Tirana within easy reach. For guests traveling further afield, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is just 13 km away, with the property offering a paid shuttle service for seamless transfers.

In summary, Zeus Tirana Suite Deluxe offers a blend of location, luxury, and convenience, making it an excellent choice for travelers seeking to immerse themselves in the culture and beauty of Tirana while enjoying the comforts of a premium accommodation.