---\ntitle: "Zeus Tirana Suite"\ndescription: "Zeus Tirana Suite emerges as a premier choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in the heart of the city."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820306.jpg?k=29ab932ce048f95f520d4cf4a68ff728cbc443d3f9af905d60036c703069e338&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zeus-tirana-suite\naddress: "Rruga Çerçiz Topulli, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.33346873\n  lng: 19.81985383\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.7\nratingWords: "Exceptional"\nnumberOfReviews: 70\nratings:\n  overall: 9.7\n  location: 9.3\n  cleanliness: 9.9\n  facilities: 9.7\n  value: 9.6\n  comfort: 9.8\n  staff: 9.9\n  wifi: 10\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820306.jpg?k=29ab932ce048f95f520d4cf4a68ff728cbc443d3f9af905d60036c703069e338&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820292.jpg?k=22942f3b6c91dea17d1c5943acaec1c5f58d4294065aab3c22dd09c024d856ab&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820309.jpg?k=46e1bae207b6302b5d75c400c27d36d2e2fd8020097e373c3385ea99090fb7a2&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820281.jpg?k=b8dd08b9f970292b8f1c9d621dc2f7e30805b987f47348f615c3b986b3490285&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820315.jpg?k=134baf293e4a173a82ff8c12bdea32f48d36c74726f3262413db718f5d7ffe58&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820307.jpg?k=406761c24b70b3b630e40492b05fd8292f1dcc6d21b5148eb688d64c9a7dbc71&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820289.jpg?k=03dfb23532b344e34c1b28f5da070606a117bdef82588d1fc9979f8b5e6e6aec&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820298.jpg?k=701c3b59fe282a1fee29f6767bc4648535547541aaf76e656a028a4531ee510e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/463820297.jpg?k=77972e7a35df80e405e8475ec18ae39d5d3d30666c761fc37492b61eb84a54c6&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Airport shuttle"\n  - "Non-smoking rooms"\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Good free WiFi (42 Mbps)"\n  - "Family rooms"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 800 m"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 950 m"\n  - "Rinia Park 1,000 m"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.4 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 2.4 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 3.9 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Mneri 50 m"\n  - "Bar Kafe 150 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Amazing Nature 50 m"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 500 m"\n  - "Sheshi Sulejman Pasha 550 m"\n  - "Sheshi Skënderbej 600 m"\n  - "Sheshi Paris 600 m"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 650 m"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 650 m"\n  - "Parku Europa 650 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek ish ATSh 800 m"\n  - "House of Leaves 800 m"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 11 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Toly"\n    country: "Estonia"\n    text: "“Stunning brand new property, clean and neat. Great location with plenty of restaurants. Highly recommend patisserie \"Mon Amour\" in the vicinity.”"\n  - name: "Julie"\n    country: "Belgium"\n    text: "“A lot of space, close tot the citycenter, very clean! Good beds&shower. Recommended!”"\n  - name: "Kacper"\n    country: "Poland"\n    text: "“I recommend this place. very nice and helpful owner, speaks very good English. the apartment looks better than in the pictures. 🏝️🏡”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zeus-tirana-suite.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for Mountain Views"\nbestCategories: "Mountain Views"\ncategory: "Mountain Views"\n---\n\nThe suite itself is a testament to modern living, boasting two elegantly appointed bedrooms, a living area equipped with a flat-screen TV and streaming services, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes a dishwasher and fridge. Convenience is further amplified with the inclusion of a washing machine and two well-designed bathrooms featuring walk-in showers. For added comfort, the air-conditioned unit also includes a bidet and a private dressing room, ensuring a stay that is both comfortable and convenient. Notably, the apartment is non-smoking and soundproof, providing a peaceful retreat from the bustling city life.

For those interested in exploring the local culture and history, Zeus Tirana Suite is ideally situated near several of the city's most notable attractions, including the Former Residence of Enver Hoxha, the National Theatre of Opera and Ballet of Albania, and the National Museum of History Albania. Additionally, the property is conveniently located 13 km from Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, with a paid shuttle service available to ensure seamless travel arrangements.

With its strategic location, comprehensive amenities, and commitment to guest comfort, Zeus Tirana Suite stands out as a distinguished option for those visiting the vibrant city of Tirana.