---\ntitle: "Zoo apartament Tirana"\ndescription: "Zoo Apartment Tirana emerges as a prime choice for travelers seeking a blend of comfort and convenience in Albania's vibrant capital."\nfeaturedImage: "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444158134.jpg?k=cbbde3d0fabdc05e864dede2c00cb9caccac0fd19d15b22a64d28c1fef075975&o=&hp=1"\nlanguage: en\nslug: zoo-apartament-tirana\naddress: "Rruga Bilal Sina, 1001 Tirana, Albania"\ncity: "Tirana"\nlocation: "Tirana"\naccommodationType: "apartment"\ncoordinates:\n  lat: 41.3078377\n  lng: 19.8112861\nprice: "US$35"\npriceFrom: 35\nstarRating: 3\nrating: 9.4\nratingWords: "Outstanding"\nnumberOfReviews: 9\nratings:\n  overall: 9.4\n  location: 9.4\n  cleanliness: 9.4\n  facilities: 9.4\n  value: 9.2\n  comfort: 9.4\n  staff: 9.4\n  wifi: 0\nimages:\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444158134.jpg?k=cbbde3d0fabdc05e864dede2c00cb9caccac0fd19d15b22a64d28c1fef075975&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444157813.jpg?k=1b9adedc0589aa5b43e9feb7828dd7bb18c8dc5c2188df42e88fadf9962e7a5a&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444157911.jpg?k=a026ebf8fc54a082059ceacaf7949cdfaed476e5f248b383dbd28877d3c9884b&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444157355.jpg?k=6d3edaae95e422a203b3bf934a66c4469c20f2523f1e792470f7b0951c93f7bc&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444157287.jpg?k=7af72e6d7f78ae35c3c1c11af8cf51f274e871d819529e5ad937d40306325d1e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444158386.jpg?k=a26f9ff596a3ccf527476eea02a65a8bb01fa21df58873d328db073bb1a810fb&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/381495045.jpg?k=9d119e12aebf121ebbe475646fbeafd29a123797e3823c1eb3f9b9f74061c77c&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444157504.jpg?k=b054dcc0c6c20b69fd71bcae4ec47245933f0e7750924bc40655d7399882960e&o=&hp=1"\n  - "https://cf.bstatic.com/xdata/images/hotel/max1024x768/444158033.jpg?k=d3889ff1d0111024458351ffb9c5e4914e64c35e63bbde64ebf7c609b25495c2&o=&hp=1"\namenities:\n  - "Free parking"\n  - "Free WiFi"\nnearbyAttractions:\n  - "Rinia Park 2 km"\n  - "House of Leaves 2.1 km"\n  - "National Gallery of Arts Tirana 2.2 km"\n  - "Skanderbeg Square 2.3 km"\n  - "Clock Tower Tirana 2.3 km"\n  - "Tanners' Bridge 2.4 km"\n  - "National Museum of History Albania 2.5 km"\n  - "Bunk'Art 1 Museum 6 km"\nnearbyRestaurants:\n  - "Gambero Rosso 50 m"\n  - "Gambero Gourmet 100 m"\nwhatsNearby:\n  - "Parku I Madh I Tiranës (Grand Park) 800 m"\n  - "Pylli Orbital 900 m"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Tika 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Komuna e Parisit 1 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Stadiumi Dinamo 1.1 km"\n  - "Grand Park of Tirana 1.3 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ Blloku 1 Maji 1.4 km"\n  - "Shesh Rekreativ 1.5 km"\n  - "Former Residence of Enver Hoxha 1.5 km"\n  - "Sheshi Rekreativ tek Arena Kombëtare 1.6 km"\nairports:\n  - "Tirana International Airport Mother Teresa 12 km"\n  - "Ohrid Airport 79 km"\nreviews:\n  - name: "Soumaya"\n    country: "Netherlands"\n    text: "“Really nice location, it’s a big appartment with all the facilities you need. The host was really accommodating and helped us with planning our trip and giving good advice!”"\n  - name: "Aleksei"\n    country: "Ukraine"\n    text: "“The owner is very friendly, 24/7 in touch, helps with any questions. the location is convenient to reach by car. Availability of parking.”"\n  - name: "Vale"\n    country: "Switzerland"\n    text: "“Great and spacious apartment located right next to the Tirana zoo. The view is as shown in the picture. We really enjoyed our stay in Zoo apartment and would definitely come back should we be back in Tirana. The host was very quick to respond...”"\nbookingURL: "https://www.booking.com/hotel/al/zoo-apartament-tirana.en-gb.html?aid=8035640"\nbestFor: "Best for City Center Proximity"\nbestCategories: "City Center Proximity"\ncategory: "City Center Proximity"\n---\n\nThis generously sized apartment is not just about its prime location; it's a haven of comfort. With two well-appointed bedrooms, it caters to families and groups seeking a memorable stay. Entertainment is readily available through a flat-screen TV equipped with streaming services, perfect for unwinding after a day of exploration. The inclusion of a fully equipped kitchen, featuring an oven, toaster, washing machine, and fridge, adds a touch of home, allowing guests to prepare meals at their leisure.

Beyond the confines of the apartment, guests are treated to soothing garden views, adding an extra layer of relaxation to their stay. For those looking to venture further, the Rock of Kavaje stands 44 km away, offering a unique natural escape, while the Grand Park of Tirana is a mere 1.8 km from the doorstep, presenting an ideal spot for leisurely strolls or picnics.

Convenience is further underscored by the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, located just 15 km away, making Zoo Apartment Tirana an accessible gateway for international and domestic travelers alike. With complimentary WiFi and private parking on site, guests are assured of a seamless and worry-free experience from arrival to departure.