---
title: Λευκό σπίτι
description: This property, a haven for those who appreciate the finer aspects of travel, boasts four elegantly appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. The hear
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/481544414.jpg"
language: en
slug: λευκό-σπίτι
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

This property, a haven for those who appreciate the finer aspects of travel, boasts four elegantly appointed bedrooms, ensuring ample space for guests. The heart of the home, a fully equipped kitchen featuring an oven and a fridge, invites guests to create culinary delights. The bathroom is well-appointed with modern amenities including a shower, a hairdryer, and the convenience of a washing machine, catering to all the needs of the modern traveler.

One of the villa's crowning jewels is its patio, offering breathtaking sea views. Furnished for relaxation, it becomes a private oasis where guests can unwind or dine al fresco, enveloped by the gentle sea breeze. The presence of a fireplace adds a touch of warmth and coziness, making any stay truly memorable.

For moments of peace, the garden offers a tranquil escape, where one can immerse in the beauty of nature or enjoy a quiet read.

Located 93 km from Corfu International Airport, Λευκό σπίτι presents an accessible escape for international travelers seeking the beauty and tranquility of Ksamil. This villa is not just a place to stay; it's a destination that promises an unforgettable experience, blending the comforts of home with the beauty of the Albanian Riviera.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}