---
title: Апартаменты у моря
description: The apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests are treated to a seamless stay with complimen
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/378830762.jpg"
language: en
slug: апартаменты-у-моря
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

The apartment is a haven of modern amenities, featuring air conditioning for those warm Mediterranean days. Guests are treated to a seamless stay with complimentary WiFi, ensuring connectivity is never an issue. The living space is thoughtfully designed, housing a flat-screen TV for entertainment, a washing machine for convenience, and a fully equipped kitchen that includes an oven and microwave, catering to all culinary needs. The provision of towels and bed linen adds a touch of home comfort, while the city views from the apartment offer a glimpse into the vibrant life of Durrës.

Understanding the needs of its guests, Апартаменты у моря includes a handy minimarket within the apartment complex, making daily essentials easily accessible. Families visiting with children will find the outdoor play equipment an invaluable feature, ensuring the little ones are entertained throughout their stay.

Situated 39 km from the historic Skanderbeg Square and within proximity to other attractions such as the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car and the Rock of Kavaje, the apartment serves as an ideal base for exploring the rich cultural tapestry and natural beauty of the area. For those arriving by air, the Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located 32 km away, making Апартаменты у моря an accessible retreat for both international and domestic travelers.

In summary, Апартаменты у моря stands out as a top-tier accommodation choice for those looking to immerse themselves in the charm and beauty of Durrës, offering a blend of privacy, comfort, and convenience that caters to a wide range of travel needs.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}