---
title: Апартаменты на пляже с видом на море
description: The apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge, and a cozy seati
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/473672569.jpg"
language: en
slug: апартаменты-на-пляже-с-видом-на-море
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

The apartment itself is a haven of comfort and style, boasting two well-appointed bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a fridge, and a cozy seating area perfect for unwinding. Entertainment is readily available with a flat-screen TV, and the inclusion of a bidet in the bathroom adds a touch of luxury. For added comfort, the apartment is designed to be allergy-free and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful stay. Essentials such as towels and bed linen are thoughtfully provided, making for a hassle-free visit.

For those needing to pick up a few essentials or a quick snack, a convenient minimarket on the premises caters to guests' needs. Adventure seekers will find the Dajti Ekspres Cable Car located 43 km away, offering an unforgettable experience with its stunning views. Meanwhile, the Rock of Kavaje, just 4.8 km from the apartment, presents an excellent opportunity for exploration. Travelers will appreciate the proximity to Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport, situated 33 km away, making arrivals and departures a breeze.

Апартаменты на пляже с видом на море is not just an accommodation but a doorway to a memorable coastal retreat in Durrës, promising an enchanting stay with its blend of convenience, comfort, and scenic beauty.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}