---
title: ᴏᴄᴇᴀɴ 27 ᴅᴇʟᴜx ꜱᴇᴀᴠɪᴇᴡ ᴀᴘᴀʀᴛᴍᴇɴᴛ ᴠᴏʟʟɢᴀ ᴘʀᴏᴍᴇɴᴀᴅᴇ
description: The apartment is equipped with modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, microwave, washing m
featuredImage: "/images/accommodation/412917506.jpg"
language: en
slug: ᴏᴄᴇᴀɴ-27-ᴅᴇʟᴜx-ꜱᴇᴀᴠɪᴇᴡ-ᴀᴘᴀʀᴛᴍ
location: ""
amenities: []
images: []
---

The apartment is equipped with modern amenities, including a flat-screen TV with streaming services, a fully equipped kitchen with an oven, microwave, washing machine, toaster, and fridge, making it a home away from home. For added convenience, towels and bed linen are readily provided. Designed with the guest's comfort in mind, the apartment is both non-smoking and soundproof, ensuring a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of daily life.

Security and convenience are paramount at Ocean 27 Delux Seaview Apartment Vollga Promenade, offering full-day security, an elevator for easy access, and complimentary WiFi throughout the premises. Additional services such as an ATM, private check-in and check-out, and currency exchange are available to meet the needs of every guest.

For those who prefer to dine in, a minimarket on the premises provides all the essentials for a cozy night in. Alternatively, guests can unwind in the serene garden, adding to the overall tranquil experience.

Located in the heart of Durrës, the apartment is a stone's throw away from popular attractions such as Currila Beach, Kallmi Beach, and the historic Durres Amphitheatre. For travelers flying in, Tirana International Mother Teresa Airport is conveniently located just 33 km away, making Ocean 27 Delux Seaview Apartment Vollga Promenade an ideal base for exploring the beauty and history of Durrës.

#### Was this helpful?

✅ YES ❌ NO

Good job! Please give your positive feedback

How could we improve this post? Please Help us.

Submit

.htwth-helpful-wraper{background:#f4f6f8}.htwth-helpful-wraper{border:2px solid #f4f6f8}.button-positive{background-color:#72d39f!important}.button-positive{border:2px solid #72d39f}.button-negative{background-color: #fc7e91 !important}.button-negative{border: 2px solid #fc7e91}.htwth-helpful-button{color:#fff}.yes-title,.no-title{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{color:#868e96} .loading-feedback p{color:#868e96}.feedback-textarea{background-color:#ffffff!important;}.feedback-textarea{border:2px solid #ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{color:#ffffff}.hlpful-submit-button{background-color:#1e73be}.hlpful-submit-button{border:2px solid #1e73be}